===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. And welcome to American Water’s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast within company slide presentation through the company’s Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water’s Investor Relations website. I would now like to introduce you, your host for today’s call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today’s call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some Safe Harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors, as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information, is provided in the first quarter earnings release and Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. John Griffith, our President, will share year-to-date highlights, our affirmation of 2025 EPS guidance and long-term targets and our dividend increase. David Bowler, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our first quarter financial results, provide rate case and legislative updates, and will review our affirmation of growth drivers and financing plans. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our capital investment program, our acquisition outlook, and will conclude with comments on the state of infrastructure in the U.S. After our prepared remarks, we’ll then close by answering your questions. Our CEO, Susan Hardwick, is also with us and will be available for Q&A. With that, I’ll turn the call over to American Waters President, John Griffith.
John Griffith: Thank you, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. As we announced yesterday, we started 2025 with solid financial results. As shown on Slide 5, earnings were $1.05 per share for the quarter, a nearly 11% increase compared to $0.95 last year. The increased results are on track to achieve our full year earnings guidance, which we are pleased to affirm, representing our expectation of 8% EPS growth in 2025 compared to our weather-normalized 2024 EPS. First quarter 2025 results included $0.03 per share of additional interest income from the 20 -- from the February 2024 amendment of the seller note related to the sale of Homeowner Services. Here, you can also see a recap of some of our other key accomplishments so far in 2025, and David and Cheryl will add to these in their remarks. We continued our track record of regulatory and capital plan execution in the first quarter, with new rates effective in several states and investments in infrastructure progressing well. I’m proud of our team’s efforts supporting two key priorities in Missouri this year. We achieved a constructive settlement in the general rate case in Missouri and are awaiting a final order. And through a collaborative effort with many stakeholders, future Test Year legislation was signed into law in the state. Both outcomes are supportive of important utility infrastructure investments and aligned with our focus on providing safe, clean, reliable and affordable service to our customers. In addition, we were pleased to see S&P and Moody’s again recognize our strong balance sheet and cash flows and our low-risk profile as they both affirmed our strong investment-grade credit ratings and stable outlook. Turning to Slide 6, this quarter we are again affirming our long-term targets for both earnings and dividend growth at 7% to 9%, driven by 8% to 9% rate based growth. This affirmation is based on our clear, top-tier capital growth plan and our strong regulatory and operational execution that I believe is a positive differentiator from our peers. We expect to consistently grow earnings and dividends at an industry-leading pace over the next five years and beyond, leading to a very competitive value proposition for our shareholders. Moving on to Slide 7, as we announced yesterday, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the company’s quarterly cash dividend from $0.765 per share to $0.8275 per share, an 8.2% increase. We have grown our dividend consistently over the last decade, significantly outpacing virtually all of our utility peers. Looking ahead, we continue to expect to grow our dividend at 7% to 9% per year, in line with our compelling 7% to 9% EPS growth target. Our Board and management team understand and appreciate how important the dividend component of our total shareholder return is to our investors. Finally, I would like to note that today is our last earnings call with Susan at the helm. As you recall, we announced in February, with the Q4 release, that Susan will be retiring upon our Annual Shareholders Meeting on the 14th of this month. Susan, we will miss your presence, your leadership and your wisdom, and are grateful for everything you have done for American Water. You’ve had a long and very distinguished career in the utility sector and we wish you much happiness and a lot of relaxation in your retirement. With that, I’ll hand it over to David to cover our financial results and rate case and legislative updates in further detail. David?
David Bowler: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 9, I’ll provide some further insights into our financial results for the quarter. Consolidated reported earnings were $1.05 per share, up $0.10 per share versus the same period in 2024. Revenues were higher by $0.44 per share, primarily due to authorized rate increases to recover investment across our states. Revenues were also higher from closed water and wastewater acquisitions and organic customer growth. And looking at operating costs, O&M was higher by $0.15 per share, driven primarily by employee-related costs and other increases to support growth in the business and cost-related acquisitions completed in 2024, as we expected. Depreciation increased $0.11 per share and financing costs increased $0.10 per share, both as expected, in support of our investment growth. And finally, we have $0.01 per share of additional interest income from the February 2024 note amendment related to the sale of HOS, which is included in the other net column. Turning to Slide 10, I’ll cover the latest regulatory activity in our states. The two key developments this quarter were rate cases in Missouri and Virginia. In Missouri, we entered into a settlement agreement with several parties, including Commission’s staff and the Office of Public Counsel. We agreed to an annualized revenue increase of $63 million, as compared to our most recently revised request of $107 million. New rates are expected to go into effect on May 31, 2025. And once a final order is received from the Commission, we will give our view on ROE and capital structure. In Virginia, the Commission issued an order approving our settlement of the general rate case. The order approved a $15 million annualized increase in water and wastewater revenues, compared to the original filing that had requested a $20 million increase. The order also approved a return on equity of 9.7% and a higher equity component of the capital structure than in our previous case at nearly 46%. Since interim rates were implemented in May of 2024, results in 2025 won’t be meaningfully impacted by this case. Turning to active cases, the proceeding in Iowa is progressing as expected and we expect to receive a final order this month. In Hawaii, we filed a partial settlement agreement, subject to regulatory approval, that results in a $1.5 million increase based on a 9.75% ROE. We expect to receive a final order mid-year 2025. And finally, later today we will be making an initial submission related to our next general rate case in California, which is in keeping with the State’s three-year cycle. The California case will seek to recover nearly $750 million in planned investment in pipe replacement, resiliency and other important system needs. Slide 11 outlines three important pieces of priority legislation for us that were signed into law already in 2025. First, Missouri passed Senate Bill 4. As a result, beginning July 1, 2026, water and wastewater utilities may request the use of a future Test Year in a general rate case for rate base and certain expenses. As you know, our current Missouri general rate case was filed on July 1, 2024, so we expect that our next general rate case in Missouri will request this future Test Year treatment. This is a positive step for the regulatory and business environment in Missouri. Turning to Indiana, legislators there passed Senate Bill 426 in March, which modifies the existing distribution system improvement charge to allow for the deferral, depreciation, and post and service carrying costs from the in-service state of eligible investments until they are included for recovery and rates. The language also provides important protections from lawsuits when utilities are meeting applicable water quality standards. Then, in Virginia, Senate Bill 850 was passed and will permit a water or wastewater utility to petition the Virginia Commission for the recovery of an expanded list of eligible infrastructure costs outside of a base rate case. Collectively, these three laws represent progress towards achieving allowed returns in each state and are supportive of further investments. I would like to congratulate our government and external affairs teams who worked alongside many others to help achieve these constructive policies in 2025. And finally, on Slide 12, as John mentioned, we’ve affirmed our 2025 EPS guidance, which again represents 8% annual growth. Our outlook and plans for 2025 remain unchanged from our February call. As Cheryl will speak to, we don’t expect any of the recent tariff-related announcements to have a material impact on our 2025 plan or financial results. I’m confident in our team’s ability to execute on our financial and operating plans and cost management strategies. This includes delivering cost-effective financing while maintaining our balance sheet strength and credit profile. As we announced in late February, we completed a successful long-term debt issuance of $800 million at a 5.25% coupon that attracted strong demand. Our Treasury team did a great job of timely executing part of our financing objectives for the year amidst a challenging market environment. Our total debt-to-capital ratio as of the end of the quarter, that of $114 million of cash on hand, was 58%, which was within our target of less than 60%. Also, as John mentioned, S&P affirmed our A rating in April, which followed Moody’s affirmation of our Baa1 investment credit rating in January with a stable outlook from both. Both agencies note advantages of our scale, our low-risk business profile, our strong regulatory and operational diversity across 14 states, and our steady financial performance in their analysis. They also noted our expected sustained FFO-to-debt ratios well within the current ratings thresholds. We are confident our business and financial profile, including FFO-to-debt, will continue to support either our current or higher investment grade credit ratings. With that, I’ll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our capital program, our recent acquisition activity and a look at the state of infrastructure in the U.S. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 14, our capital program is off to a good start this year, investing $518 million in the first quarter. Our state and corporate leaders and their teams did a great job working through a particularly harsh winter across many of our states. This result keeps us on pace to hit our goal of approximately $3.3 billion of capital investment in 2025. We continue to expect these capital investments in infrastructure and in acquisitions will grow regulated rate base at a long-term rate of 8% to 9%. As our capital investments related to PFAS remediation and lead service line replacement begin to ramp up, we’ve been asked by investors if the amount or timing of our investments will change. Our answer is still the same. We haven’t changed our plans. EPA’s rules around PFAS and lead and copper are final regulations. Some of our states also have existing regulations for PFAS and lead and copper. So while we’ll continue to monitor for any potential changes in this realm, for now, we’re moving forward. As I’ll note a bit later in my comments, if the capital spend needed to address PFAS and/or lead and copper goes down, we would redeploy it to other important system needs such as pipe replacement. This quarter, we also thought it would be helpful to share a few comments about the potential impact of tariffs on our capital and operating expenses. Our teams analyzed the potential cost increases that could come from tariffs on various raw materials or finished goods that we purchased to serve our customers. The good news, as David alluded to, is that our supply chain is predominantly sourced domestically, and therefore, our exposure is very limited on things like fleet purchases, pumps and some construction-related materials. Of course, we’ll work to mitigate even that small exposure through our supply chain team and our purchasing power. Related to operating costs, we don’t expect any significant tariff-related impacts, as most of our key expenses such as labor, power and chemicals are primarily sourced domestically. So, again, even with the uncertainty around tariffs amidst other uncertainties, I believe the high degree -- the market is seeing how resilient American Water is. I’ll say it again. I believe the high degree of visibility to our capital investment plan, combined with the low-risk nature of the plan, uniquely positions American Water in the utility sector and is fundamental to our investment thesis. Turning to Slide 15, we continue to be well-positioned for growth through acquisitions across many states, with about 37,000 customer connections under agreement. I want to highlight three states in particular today as we think about our acquisition outlook. First, in Pennsylvania, already this year we’ve received multiple unanimous approvals from the Commission to acquire water and wastewater systems. We remain confident in our Pennsylvania acquisition pipeline and we are continuing to invest in regulated acquisition opportunities in Pennsylvania, driven by the need for system consolidation and upgrading. A great example of this is the East Dunkard Water System, which we just closed this week. That system was out of EPA compliance since 2014, and the residents in that community could not trust that the water coming out of their taps was safe to drink. The system was placed into a receivership under Pennsylvania American Water last year, and our team has done a phenomenal job in rectifying approximately 75 violations from the state DEP. In Pennsylvania, as in all our states, American Water will continue to be the solution provider to communities who deserve high-quality water and wastewater service. Next, you can see that West Virginia has nearly 15,000 customer connections under agreement. Our business development team there is doing an excellent job in identifying consolidation opportunities and converting them to signed asset purchase agreements. And finally, in New Jersey, we have a signed purchase agreement for the South Orange Water System, which passed a voted referendum last fall. That system is in need of significant follow-up -- follow-on capital over the next decade, which in particular includes a great deal of lead service line replacements. To close on Slide 16, the American Society of Civil Engineers’ latest report card for America’s infrastructure, issued every four years since 2001, recently gave the nation’s drinking water systems a C- grade and wastewater systems a D+ grade, both of which are unchanged from the 2021 report card. EPA estimates that our country’s water infrastructure needs total $625 billion of investment over the next 20 years, and that estimate keeps going up, not down, each time they update their estimates. We believe even that estimate is way too low by a factor of two or three. Aging infrastructure, extreme weather events and costs associated with regulatory and environmental compliance continue to place increased strain on the nation’s water systems and this strain is genuine [Audio Gap] The need for consolidation of the fragmented U.S. water industry to help solve these problems is dire. Within the communities we already serve, we need to invest $36 billion to $37 billion over the next 10 years to help ensure safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater service. The solutions needed across the country will require the public and private sectors to work together. Together, we can safeguard public health, incentivize economic investment and ultimately create American jobs. With that, I’ll turn it back over to our Operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMoran, excuse me, from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi. Good morning.
John Griffith: Good morning, Rich. Well, first, congrats again to John, Susan and the whole team. Susan, I hope you enjoy your retirement.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Rich. I certainly appreciate it. I plan to.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Starting off, any thoughts on pulling forward your 2026 equity issuance given the recent share price strength or just financing thoughts overall on approach to equity?
David Bowler: Hey, Rich. Thanks for the question. We’ll continue to evaluate the market and opportunities, but at this point, no plans to pull that forward. We’re going to issue equity when we need the financing and we’ll leave it at that.
Richard Sunderland: Understood. Very clear. And then circling back to some of the earlier M&A acquisition outlook commentary, how do you see the landscape standing under a scenario where recession puts pressure on muni finances? Do you think this could bolster some of the medium-term opportunities for you?
John Griffith: Rich, it’s John here. I’d say our prior narrative that we expect to see continuous flow of acquisition opportunities is still in place. It’s possible that whether it’s recession or just less federal funding could drive some sellers or potential sellers to want to transact, it is an opportunity and we think about that as part of a broader list of reasons why sellers could sell, whether it’s environmental remediation, deferred capital investment, spend, retiring operators, things like that. I’ll point to continued activity.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thanks for the time today.
John Griffith: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell from Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey. Good morning and I echo Rich’s comments. Congrats to all. Just if I could -- just quickly just hit on one state on California. I think you mentioned you’re going to file, I guess, a notice that you’re planning to file a rate case. Curious if you could just talk about maybe percentage increase that you think you’ll be asking in that case. And then also, I just apologize, I forgot. Is the timing of when you guys would file a -- I think you do it separately, so a cost of capital proceeding in California?
David Bowler: Hey, Anthony. This is David. So the California case that we’re filing, there’s a requirement to file a case every three years. We haven’t disclosed the percentage increase and won’t disclose that at this time. As far as the cost of capital proceeding, that’s correct. There’s a separate proceeding. We requested that that be delayed until 2026. That was approved earlier this year. So the 10.2% we have in place will stay in place until through 2025.
Anthony Crowdell: So through 2025, do you have to file it this year then to have a new cost of capital in 2026, or you begin the filing in 2026 for a new cost of capital in 2027?
John Griffith: Filing in 2026 for a new cost of capital in January 2027, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thank you so much. That’s all I have. Thanks.
John Griffith: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill from UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. Thank you, Susan. Appreciate all your help.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: Just maybe a little different topic, just could you provide an update on the California desalination project and how that’s going to help you there?
John Griffith: Sure. Gregg, I think on desal, as you recall, we got our last major permit approval back in November of 2022, which was the California Coastal Commission. We’ve got a CPCN from the California PUC. We’ll need to provide updates to the PUC. But as we had noted in our 10-K, we expect to break ground this year on desal.
Gregg Orrill: That’s not a part of the rate case?
John Griffith: Correct. That’s a separate docket.
Gregg Orrill: Got it. Thank you.
John Griffith: Thanks, Gregg.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi. Thank you, team, and congrats again, everyone, especially Susan.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: Just one for me on the legislative progress that you talked about, the three states. I think you mentioned potential for stronger earned returns and incremental capital. Is there any way that you could frame the opportunities there? I know some states are larger in your mix versus some others. Just any quantification will be helpful if you can.
David Bowler: Yeah. Paul, this is David. We haven’t really framed up how much of an opportunity the future Test Year in Missouri will provide to us, nor have we for the other states. I mean, obviously, it will incrementally help our earned returns in each state.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Okay. I’ll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. And the conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the American Water Fourth Quarter and Year End 2024 Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aaron Musgrave, VP of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Cindy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some Safe Harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates, and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties, and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information, is provided in the fourth quarter earnings release, and in our 2024 Form 10-K, each filed yesterday with the SEC. Finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our CEO, will share a few opening remarks. Followed by our President, John Griffith, who will share highlights of 2024 and comment on our affirmation of 2025 EPS guidance and longer-term targets. David Bowler, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our 2024 financial results, provide rate case updates, discuss our strong financial position heading into 2025, and review our EPS guidance drivers and five-year financing plan. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our capital investment program, our acquisition outlook, and we'll conclude with comments on our compelling growth drivers. After our prepared remarks, we'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by making a few comments on the leadership news detailed in our earnings release last night. There, we announced my retirement as of May 14, 2025, which is the date of our annual shareholders meeting. At that same time, John will become our CEO. This is the next step in the succession plan we laid out in August of last year. The American Water Board is deeply committed to building a strong succession and development strategy at American Water, evidenced by this thoughtful plan. This transition is just a part of that intentional effort to ensure we have the best leadership foundation for the long term throughout the entire organization. John, working with Cheryl and the rest of our talented and highly experienced leadership team, will continue American Water's strong record of industry leadership and high performance. John has more than 25 years of industry knowledge and expertise and significant experience in leading high-performing teams, strategy development, and execution. Most importantly, he has a deep understanding of our company's purpose and a strong commitment to our customers, employees, and shareholders. I am very proud of the leadership team that we have built at American Water, all of whom are committed to the mission of delivering safe, clean, and reliable service to those we have the privilege of serving. The success of this company reflects the cohesive leadership of this entire team. I also want to thank all of the employees of American Water. I have been in the utility business for over 40 years now, and it is an absolute privilege to work with you. I'm thankful and humbled by the opportunity to spend the last six years in the water industry with each of you. Providing water and wastewater services that improve customers' lives and make communities stronger is a true honor. But before I go, I want to reiterate my belief that American Water continues to be the leader in all aspects of the water and wastewater utility industry in the United States. If you compare our plans to our actual results, you will see that we've consistently executed exactly as we said we would, including our results in 2024 that were squarely in line with our plan. This growing record of consistency continues to solidify the earned trust in our company from investors, analysts, and other key stakeholders. And with that, let me turn it over to John to cover 2024 highlights and our affirmed outlook. John?
John Griffith: Thank you, Susan, and congratulations. While we still have you until May, let me say what a tremendous privilege it has been for all of us who have worked alongside you over the years. You have made a very significant contribution to American Water's success, and the company is stronger because of your leadership. I'm excited and honored to work alongside this team as CEO starting in May and know we have a great future ahead of us as we continue to make communities stronger through the critical water and wastewater services we provide. Let's turn to slide six. I'll start by covering some highlights of last year. You can see here an abbreviated list of some of our key accomplishments for the year, and David and Cheryl will add these in their remarks. As we announced yesterday, we delivered 2024 financial results right in line with our expectations. Earnings were $5.39 per share for the year, which included $0.12 per share of favorable weather and $0.09 per share of incremental interest income from the HOS note. Our results reflect the clear execution of our plan in 2024, which delivered EPS growth of 8% plus. I'm proud of our regulatory and state teams for successfully completing several significant general rate cases this past year. These cases, which were driven by needed infrastructure investments, punctuate the focus we have on providing safe, clean, reliable, and affordable service to over 14 million people across our footprint. And as you can see, we invested over $3 billion in 2024 to help achieve that mission. Included a solid year for acquisitions, which at nearly 70,000 customer connections met our 2% compounded annual growth target. Overall, I'm very proud of our company's ability to stay focused on serving our customers safely and reliably this past year. I believe the takeaway today for investors is that our strong execution in 2024, coupled with our low-risk top-tier capital growth plan, demonstrates American Water's ability to deliver on our long-term plan. I'm confident we will execute on our plans for 2025 and beyond, building on the momentum we have from 2024. Turning to slide seven, we are affirming our 2025 earnings guidance of $5.65 to $5.75 per share. This represents our expectation of 8% EPS growth in 2025 compared to our weather-normalized 2024 EPS. The comments that we'll share today are an affirmation of the financial plan, long-term targets, and guidance we laid out last fall, highlighted by 7% to 9% EPS and dividend growth and driven by 8% to 9% rate base growth. We have a geographic footprint and resulting regulatory diversity that is rivaled by few. This, along with our capital plan that has decades of basic infrastructure renewal at its core, drives the low-risk nature of our growth plans. Along with our affordability and sustainability leadership, I believe American Water offers a top-tier shareholder return opportunity and merits our position as a premium regulated utility. In closing, on slide eight, I want to emphasize that we expect to achieve consistent EPS growth well within the 7% to 9% range through 2029 and beyond. We have demonstrated during these last few years and with our guidance for 2025 that our business plan is strong and compelling. Our commitment to solving problems for our customers remains steadfast, including addressing aging infrastructure and water quality challenges. This foundation, coupled with the capital investment needs that lie ahead, uniquely positions American Water to achieve consistently strong earnings and dividend growth for many years to come. With that, I'll hand it over to David to cover our financial results, rate case updates, and balance sheet strength in further detail. David.
David Bowler: John, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, I'd like to also congratulate Susan on her upcoming retirement and John on his succession into the CEO role. Susan, I echo John's comments on it being a pleasure to work with you over the years. You'll certainly be missed by all of us here. Now turning to slide ten, let me provide a few more details on 2024 results as compared to 2023. You will also find details of fourth-quarter results in the appendix. Consolidated reported earnings were $5.39 per share in 2024, higher by $0.49 per share compared to 2023. As John noted, earnings in 2024 benefited from an estimated $0.12 per share as a result of revenue from drier than normal weather experienced across our states, as compared to $0.13 per share of favorable weather in 2023. Excluding the impacts of weather, revenues were higher by $1.28 per share, primarily due to authorized rate increases from general rate cases, infrastructure surcharges, to recover investment across our states. Revenues were also higher from closed water and wastewater acquisitions, organic customer growth, and an increase from changes in customer demand. One additional item to note is that purchase water costs, which were higher by $0.08 per share year over year, have been netted against revenues, as these costs are generally recovered on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And looking at operating costs, O&M was higher by $0.22 per share, driven primarily by employee-related costs and other increases to support growth in the business as we expected. Production costs related to fuel, power, and chemicals were also slightly higher compared to 2023. Next, general taxes, which are comprised of property and gross receipts taxes, were higher by $0.05 per share, with the increase in property taxes tied to the level of capital investment and higher gross receipts tax driven by higher revenue, primarily in New Jersey. Depreciation increased $0.31 per share and long-term financing costs increased $0.33 per share, both as expected in support of our investment growth. And finally, we had $0.09 per share of additional interest income from the February 2024 amendment of the note related to the sale of homeowner services. We will continue to break this out quarterly so investors can track the ongoing growth without this additional interest income. Turning to slide eleven, we summarize the seven rate cases we successfully completed in 2024, five of which we covered on prior calls. In the fourth quarter, we received orders in Illinois and California as well as an updated final order in Kentucky. In December, the Illinois Commission approved an additional $105 million in annualized revenues effective January 1, 2025. This order includes an allowed return on equity of 9.84%, and an equity layer of 49%, both of which were consistent with our last rate case in Illinois. We continue to believe that Illinois is a constructive environment for American Water and is supportive of the investment needed to continue to provide safe and reliable service for the benefit of our Illinois American Water customers. Switching over to California, also in December, the commission there approved and adopted a partial settlement agreement providing incremental annualized revenues of $53 million over three years, beginning with rates retroactive to January 1, 2024. The commission's decision included a partial decoupling mechanism and approval of an important sales adjustment mechanism that allows annual updates and forecasts of water sales for rate-making purposes. While the decision didn't recognize the importance of a full decoupling mechanism in promoting affordable rates and conservation, we filed an application in December for rehearing with the commission and are exploring other avenues to ensure that customers can achieve the benefits associated with decoupling. Also in California, the commission granted the request for an additional one-year extension of the cost of capital filing to May 1, 2026, which will set the authorized cost of capital beginning January 1, 2027. Our authorized ROE in California will remain at 10.2% through December 31, 2026. And finally, in Kentucky, the Public Service Commission approved a final order providing for $17 million of annualized increases in water revenues, which is higher by about $6 million from the initial order in May of 2024. As a reminder, as received in May, we filed a motion for clarification on their authorized amount of annualized revenues in this case. New rates provided in the final order were effective November 6. Turning to slide twelve, you can see we have general rate cases in progress in four jurisdictions. The most prominent rate case for us this year is in Missouri, where we are seeking recovery of $1.1 billion of capital investments. Hearings begin at the end of this month and settlement discussions are underway ahead of briefs due at the end of March. We expect new rates to go into effect in the middle of 2025. Overall, the key parties in this case have filed similar positions as they did in our prior case two years ago, which was settled. As a reminder, in this case, the commission allows all parties to propose specific adjustments beyond December 31, 2024, and we have proposed to capture investments through May 2025. Separately, we are continuing to work alongside an informal coalition of water and gas utilities in Missouri on a legislative path for future test year and have supported the introduction of four separate bills in the current session related to that effort. The Missouri legislative session ends on May 16. Finally, in Virginia, the filed stipulation of settlement remains subject to commission review and approval, which we are awaiting. One quick note at the bottom of the slide. Now provide a list of the dates we filed our most recent general rate cases by state. As we've said in the past, we expect to file rate cases about every two years as supported by our ongoing investments to continue to provide safe, clean, and reliable water and wastewater services for the long-term benefit of our customers. Turning to slide thirteen, let's review the strength of our balance sheet, credit metrics, and liquidity position as we began 2025. Our total debt to cap ratio at the end of the year net of $96 million of cash on hand was 57%, which was well within our target of less than 60%. Investors can expect our company to continue to be focused on this target over the long term. We remain A-rated at S&P with a stable outlook and just last month, Moody's affirmed our solid Baa1 investment-grade credit rating and stable outlook. Both agencies note our strong regulatory and operational diversity across 14 states, low-risk business, and our steady financial performance in their analysis. They also note our trend of credit-supported regulatory outcomes and expected sustained FFO to debt ratios well within the current rating's thresholds. We're confident our business and financial profile, including FFO to debt, will continue to support either our current or higher investment-grade credit ratings. From this position of balance sheet strength, let's turn to slide fourteen for our financing plan. As John mentioned, we affirmed our 2025 EPS guidance, which again represents 8% annual growth. The backbone of the plan continues to be earning our allowed returns on capital and investing to serve our customers while prudently managing operating costs so that we can deliver on our customer affordability target. It's really that simple. As a reminder, our 2025 guidance range includes $0.10 per share of incremental interest income from the amendment of the HOS note a year ago, which is on top of the interest income from the original note terms that we're replacing with earnings from the regulated business. As we've said in the past, repayment of the note is a component of our long-term financing plan as a source of funding for our growth. Well, we are also confirming our financing plan shared last fall, now covering 2025 to 2029. As we said previously, the plan includes an estimated total of $2.5 billion of external equity issuances with no equity planned for 2025. The level and timing of that external equity is tied very simply to our need to fund growth and maintain our strong financial position. Based on our current projections of capital spending and cash flows, we currently expect to issue $1 billion of equity at some point in 2026 and $1.5 billion in 2029. The timing of future equity is subject to market conditions, as well as the underlying assumptions around our projected CapEx and cash flows. Since we are already in alignment with our targets for debt to cap and dividend payout ratios, we have the flexibility to adjust these plans and respond to market conditions if and when they change for the benefit of our customers and investors alike. Overall, investors should expect equity financing to occur routinely as determined by our investment program, rate case cycle, and as appropriate to maintain our strong balance sheet and credit metrics. I'll wrap up by noting our financing plan for calendar year 2025 includes $1.5 to $2 billion of long-term debt financing. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our capital program, our recent acquisition activity, and a look at our key growth drivers. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by echoing John and David's comments about Susan. Susan and I have worked closely together over the past six years, and I'm a better leader as a result of that time together. And American Water is definitely stronger because of her time here. I'm excited about John's leadership, and in his new role, I know we're going to accomplish great things over the next years. On slide sixteen, we have combined a few slides to show a more managed with an eye on customer affordability. I want to start by acknowledging that our teams have done a great job executing our capital investment plans these last few years. We have consistently met our capital deployment goal each year, and we've done it again in 2024 by investing $3.3 billion, which includes the acquisition investments that I'll speak about later. These investments, represented by hundreds of discrete projects, are crucial to continuing to deliver safe and clean water and support continued reliability of service to our customers. We expect these capital investments in infrastructure and acquisitions to grow regulated rate base at a long-term rate of 8% to 9%. We believe the high degree of visibility to our capital investment plan combined with the low-risk nature of the plan uniquely positions American Water in the utility sector and is fundamental to our investment thesis. We, of course, remain very focused on balancing customer affordability with the magnitude of the necessary system investments in our plan. Customer affordability is a key variable in our annual capital planning in-house analysis. We believe that the average residential water bill across our footprint will continue to be at or below 1% of median household income throughout our ten-year plan. The pie chart on the bottom right side of the page shows the breakdown of our capital spend by purpose over the next decade. While the majority of our capital is dedicated to basic replacement of aging pipes, we are also focused on fortifying our systems through resilient spending and making investments in water quality projects to allow our systems to continue to meet our own high standards of compliance. Turning to slide seventeen, I'm proud to report that we had a solid year of investment in regulated acquisitions, successfully closing on thirteen systems totaling $417 million, which added nearly 70,000 new customers. Looking ahead, we continue to be well-positioned for strong growth through acquisitions across many states with over 24,000 customer connections under agreement as of the beginning of the year. We've added significant business development capability over the last few years across our footprint, and we're confident these investments and additional resources and enhanced processes will help us meet our compounded annual growth rate target of 2% for customers added through acquisitions. Overall, we expect to continue to invest about $300 million to $400 million on average each year in acquisitions, a small but important part of our over $3 billion capital plan. We expect growth through acquisitions will become more consistent on an annual basis over time, but will remain lumpier than our organic CapEx as timelines for details can shift throughout the closing process. If and when that happens, we have the flexibility to reallocate and easily replace these acquisition dollars with various other projects to meet system needs such as additional replacements of aging pipe. To close on slide eighteen, today you've heard a recap of our long-term strategy, which should sound very consistent. Beyond our words, though, I believe we have a proven track record of executing on our plans, including achieving our EPS guidance year after year. I fully expect 2025 to be another successful year demonstrating this execution. Slide eighteen is a compilation of the predictable and steady growth drivers trajectory from other utilities enable us to stand out as a premium utility. We replaced approximately 400 miles of pipe in 2024. This replacement effort reflects our commitment to reliable service with the work prioritized by need. The prioritization is balanced by affordability and cost of material, labor, permitting, restoration, and an annual increase in the actual amount of miles of pipe we have acquired via acquisitions. Our mission to provide safe, clean, reliable, affordable services to the customers we are privileged to serve is the foundation for all we do. As our team has said, we're confident we can fulfill this mission and provide a fair return to our investors. American Water has been doing this work for decades, but there is much left to be done, and we must have urgency in our work. As we've witnessed in West Virginia, for example, our teams provided assistance to six different municipal systems in January alone that were dealing with service disruptions due to extreme weather and the inability to keep up with leaks. In one of those towns, a local elementary school was without water service for more than two weeks until we provided a 7,000-gallon tanker to supply water directly to the school. We will continue to do this critical work and execute on our regulatory, operational, and financial plans, which we believe will drive the superior returns our investors expect. With that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have. If you are using a speakerphone, before pressing the keys. Then two. To assemble our roster.
Operator: Our first question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Go ahead, please.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning, Susan. All the best. And John, congrats. Look forward.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Certainly. Certainly. So two questions. One, a lot of news flow information coming out of DC. A lot of executive orders. I was just curious if anything has changed from your perspective on your strategy to attack PFAS. You have, like, a billion dollars in the capital plan. Just and I know you announced the contract very recently. Anything has changed on the ground?
Cheryl Norton: Durgesh, this is Cheryl. Thanks so much for the question. We haven't made any changes to our plans at all. We haven't seen anything coming out of DC that makes us think that we're not going to need to invest the capital that we've talked about in the past. We want to make sure that we're meeting all the regulatory requirements and also just providing clean, safe water according to our standards. So we've made no changes at all to our capital plans related to PFAS or anything else.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Perfect. Thanks, Cheryl. And then just one housekeeping question. As we think about the 7% to 9% EPS growth rate for our models, should we be including the ten cents, you know, the remarketing of the loans here as our base, or should we be excluding that? Trying to see if you're going to go with the base including that ten cents or should we just be separating that out and see think of them as, like, one-time earnings?
David Bowler: Durgesh, this is David. Yeah. You should be separating that out and excluding it from the base. And that's what we tried to indicate in our presentation here.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. I thought so, wanted to confirm that. Thank you, David.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks, guys. Appreciate the time.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo of Jefferies. Go ahead, please.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning. Congratulations, John. Susan, I hope you have a fruitful retirement.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Paul.
Paul Zimbardo: Of course. The first question I had was on the acquisition slide, just the callout box on the right when you talk about significant business development capabilities added across the footprint in just some of the color you gave there. Could you describe, like, if this is something new, kind of where you've been adding capabilities, you make the references to multiple states, some of the mid-sized states. If you could just elaborate on what you're alluding to there?
Cheryl Norton: Sure. Paul, this is Cheryl. And we have added some staffing in our BD group just to have more boots on the ground, do more origination work in general, but we've also really kind of ramped up our corporate support team so that we are driving consistency through our integration processes, our due diligence processes. And we really have just taken the whole entire organization and taken a look at what's working really well and how do we build on that. So that's why we're starting to see more growth across our entire footprint because we're not just focused in one or two states. We are truly focused all across our footprint on growth, and we're seeing the fruits of that.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Understood. And then kind of following on Durgesh's question in a slightly different direction, just going through the 10-K, I noticed some word changing, like, some of the references to ESG, diversity, removed in the K. Just is there any kind of fundamental changes in the company's approach to hiring and otherwise or is that just kind of changing some language?
John Griffith: Yep. Paul, it's John here. It's the latter. We're not changing our strategy at all. For us, ESG is a very business-driven proposition. Everything we do is to drive the results that we expect to achieve.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Understood. Thank you both again. Congratulations.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill of UBS. Go ahead, please.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Congratulations, Susan and John.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill: Just in terms of the procurement, can you comment on if there's been any disruptions there, how things are going? And then I have another question. Thank you.
Cheryl Norton: Gregg, procurement of what, please? Capital to procurement of, you know, for large capital projects, pipe replacement, have there been any disruptions there that you're seeing?
Cheryl Norton: Yeah. No, Gregg. We have a very robust supply chain organization that sits both here at corporate but also is embedded into our states. And we've just done a really great job of being able to procure all of the supplies, the necessary supplies we need for all the capital investments that we're making, including all the PFAS work. We announced earlier that we had signed a contract with Calgon Carbon to make sure that we can obtain all the vessels and the necessary carbon and the regeneration of the carbon long term. So we feel like we're in a really good spot in that space and also with all the materials for all of our projects across the footprint.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Great. And then in terms of usage per customer, are you seeing any sort of changes there, strengthening through your customer classes?
Cheryl Norton: Yeah. Gregg, what we've seen related to kind of declining use, we had talked about that for a very long time. We are starting to see that plateau just a bit, but we do still have a bit of declining use across our footprint. It just has to do with fixtures and people being a little more aware in the conservation space. But nothing that we're concerned about in either direction. We have plenty of capacity in most all of our locations, and we're not seeing any declines that are troubling to us.
Gregg Orrill: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo. Go ahead, please.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning, team. Congrats, Susan and John, on the formal transition announcements made today.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: Enjoy the retirement, Susan.
Susan Hardwick: I plan on it. Thank you.
Jonathan Reeder: I think we all want to get to that position, Susan. Well deserved, but I think Paul already asked my question on the M&A pipeline. But I've got another regarding, you know, the pending rate case in Missouri. It sounds like things are on track in that Missouri rate case. Do you expect to reach a settlement prior to the start of hearings?
John Griffith: Yes. I'd say, Jonathan, it's John here. That's certainly been our experience and we'll see how it plays out, but that would be our expectation.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great. And then on customer growth, you know, obviously, electric and to some degree, you know, gas, has been experiencing an uptick in, you know, customer growth usage from, you know, resurgence in manufacturing demand, obviously, AI data center related stuff like that. Is any of that starting to trickle into your, you know, service territory where this economic development is kind of promoting more customer growth than we've seen historically and, you know, maybe taking a little pressure off, you know, the cadence of rate cases or, you know, at least the degree of rate relief that you need to request?
John Griffith: Jonathan, I'd say your term trickle in is appropriate. As we think about AI data centers, generally speaking, they're more power-hungry than they are water-hungry. But we are seeing economic development opportunities which may come in the form of additional pipe to get to locations, things like that in the same way that an electric utility might need to build out some transmission for a renewable project. But I'd say for us, it's relatively early days and we're not expecting to see the kind of massive increases in demand in water. You know, generally speaking, water as an industry is in a position of excess capacity. So we expect to see a little bit of infrastructure build, but that's, I'd say, how we think about it.
Jonathan Reeder: Great. Thanks. No. Congrats on a solid update today. Appreciate the time.
John Griffith: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Go ahead, please.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. And Susan, John, what a transition. Congratulations to Susan. Definitely an end of an era.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Angie. I appreciate that. Thank you.
Angie Storozynski: Now on the financing, so you guys consider, you know, maybe using hybrids instead of traditional equity? If only because, you know, the water sector has sharply derated. I'm sure that that's probably more dilutive to the original plan, so I'm not going to an equity perspective. And, again, is there a way to manage the dilution going forward?
David Bowler: Yeah. Angie, this is David. We certainly look at all products, but we just don't see these hybrids being cost-effective for us. And they are more dilutive than just straight equity based on how we trade.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then about the, you know, the lumpiness of the M&A and an ability to basically manage the earnings impact with some other organic CapEx. Is this just more simply because you have so many growth opportunities that, again, you can smooth out the earnings trajectory? Or are you trying to say that the, you know, M&A is less of an earnings driver overall given, again, plenty of organic growth?
Cheryl Norton: Yeah. That's a great question, Angie. Those deals are lumpy because there are so many things that can slow down the closing process. So, you know, we can plan for a certain number of deals in a given year, and they may spill over into the next year. So on an annual basis, there's some lumpiness there. We do target that 2% of the customer growth, but if we see that some of these deals are going to get pushed out, we've got plenty of capital projects kind of in the wings that we can bring in to ensure that we spend that $3.3 billion or whatever our target is for a given year to absolutely smooth out that EPS growth. But it's really important that we're adding the customers because adding customers helps us with that affordability story. It helps us spread our costs out amongst more customers. So we're going to continue to push on that acquisition piece. In some years, it'll be more than 2%. Some years, it might be less than 2%. But when we make that commitment to our capital spend, we're going to do what we need to do to make sure that we get that capital spend.
John Griffith: And, Angie, just to follow on Cheryl's comments, you know, to be clear, the need is very much there in terms of target systems. Right? And as we've talked about a little bit in the past, you know, the list of reasons why a target company, a municipality would sell is getting longer and not shorter. Right. You know, there continues to be deferred capital investment, deferred maintenance, increasing regulatory need for clean water and delivery. So the fundamentals haven't changed. And if anything, you know, we see a broadening opportunity base. And a lot of what we've been spending our time on is broadening out the opportunity set across our system, which takes a little bit of time, but we feel very good about in terms of the progress that we're making.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, on California, you mentioned that there's looking at ways to, if I understand correctly, basically, retain the previous full decoupling. Right? So, you know, versus the commission's decision. So are we talking about a legal challenge? I mean, again, I'm just wondering what is the option?
David Bowler: That's correct, Angie. It is. We have filed a motion for rehearing for that.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Thank you. Congrats again.
Operator: The next question comes from Anthony Crowdell of Mizuho. Go ahead, please.
Anthony Crowdell: Congrats, Susan and John, great news for both. Just want to follow up a little on Angie's question, just a quick one. On the equity financing, it's very clear you guys state in 2026 and then also in 2029. Do you time that with CapEx needs, or thoughts of maybe some not an annual program versus a block? Just curious the pluses and minuses on the approach here.
David Bowler: Yeah. I'd say we time it when we have a need to maintain our strong balance sheet. And, you know, we're not going to issue too early, and we're not going to issue late. We're going to issue when we need the financing or the funding.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. That's all I had. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Sunderland of JPMorgan. Go ahead, please.
Richard Sunderland: Hey, good morning and congrats as well to Susan and John. Great news to hear. Just one quick cleanup from me. I think you hit this with Durgesh earlier, but just thinking through the growth going forward, is the 7% to 9% growth, is it based on 2025 guidance less that $0.10 of incremental interest income? Is that the right way to think about the base for 7% to 9%?
John Griffith: That is right, Rich, and I think we've got that in David's slides. And just as a reminder, you know, when we set our 7% to 9%, that goes back to when we put the note in place originally, which was a $720 million note at a 7% interest rate. And then we amended the note about a year ago and early 2024, increased the interest rate to 10%, and we also collected on an earn-out payment of $75 million that was rolled into the note. As we think about note repayment, we're only trying to make up the 7% interest, and to do that, we'll have proceeds of $795 million, not $720 million, which is why you won't see a dividend in earnings as we're moving forward. So, yes, you've got it correct, Rich. And as a reminder for the group, you know, the note, the final termination date of the note is December of 2026. But the owner of the business has the right to call the note as early as December of this year, and so we'll see how the timing of repayment works out. But one way or another, we're very prepared for the timing, and we won't see any sort of impact to earnings.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thank you for running through that. And then on the Missouri legislation, I know there are a couple of different bills out there. There's also been some actions around, I think, it's SB4 and some language change there to pull in more of the broader utility efforts. Can you just walk through a little bit of what's been going on recently in the legislative? Just give us an update on how you see that playing out.
Cheryl Norton: Yes. Sure, Rich. This is Cheryl. In Missouri, we have been working for quite some time to try to improve the regulatory environment there. They have historically, you know, when I was president there, historically had a historical test year, which makes it really challenging when you're talking about regulatory lag. And so we have been working hard with the other utilities as well as, you know, talking with the commission, with the chair of the commission to say, you know, what are ways that we can improve this environment for us from a regulatory lag perspective? And so as these bills got submitted early on, they were kind of separated. Now they've been several of them have been joined together, and we are very focused on the future test year aspect of this legislation. And we'll continue to work together with the other utilities, the chair of the commission, and all of the allies that we can bring to the table to ensure that we improve that regulatory environment.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thanks for the time today.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill of UBS. Go ahead, please.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. One follow-up, please. Just what were the results of the non-utility business for the year and some context on where you're taking that part of the company?
David Bowler: Yeah. Gregg, we don't disclose that level of detail. Probably, it's in the other business segment.
Cheryl Norton: Yeah. I can talk to kind of what we have in mind in the future for that other part of the organization, if you will. It's essentially our military services group. And we're still really excited about that part of our business, and we think it's a great mission. It aligns very well with our regulated businesses. And we're excited about the relationships we have at all the existing bases and will continue to encourage the different arms of the military to move forward with utility privatization. We do expect to see some movement there. We just don't know exactly what's coming or the timing of that, but our team is poised and ready to bid on any of the projects that make sense for us in the future.
Gregg Orrill: Thanks.
Operator: The Q&A session and the conference have now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations Website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Cindy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some Safe Harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the third quarter earnings release and in our September 30 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. John Griffith, our President, will share highlights of third quarter and year-to-date results and will comment on our 2025 EPS guidance and longer-term targets. David Bowler, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our year-to-date financial results in more detail, general rate case updates, our 2025 outlook and our 5-year financing plan. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our new capital investment plan, including the expected impact of EPA's lead and copper rule improvements, and we'll conclude with comments on customer affordability and our acquisition outlook. Susan Hardwick, our CEO, will conclude with a look at our compelling investment thesis. After our prepared remarks, we'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President, John Griffith.
John Griffith: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying how happy we are to have David in the role of CFO, after having served as our Deputy CFO and Treasurer. You'll hear more from David shortly. And likewise, as we noted last quarter, I'm pleased to hand the business development baton to Cheryl, whose oversight of our state presidents and her role as Chief Operating Officer is key to our business development activities as we continue to drive enhanced focus on origination activities at the state level. Let's turn to Slide 5, and I'll start by covering some highlights from the third quarter and year-to-date periods. As we announced yesterday, we delivered strong financial results in the third quarter, in line with our expectations, adding to an already strong 2024. Earnings were $1.80 per share for the quarter compared to $1.66 for the same period last year. In the first nine months of 2024, earnings were $4.17 per share compared to $4.03 for the same period last year. Our results reflect the clear execution of our plan in 2024, which David and Cheryl will discuss further. These results give us confidence to affirm our 2024 EPS guidance of $5.25 to $5.30 per share, which, as you'll recall from last quarter, represents our narrowing of guidance to the top half of the previous guidance range. As a reminder, our 2024 and 2025 EPS guidance ranges include $0.10 per share of incremental interest income from the amendment of the HOS note earlier this year, which is on top of the interest income from the original note terms that we are replacing with earnings from the regulated business. As we've said in the past, repayment of the note is a component of our long-term financing plan as a source of funding for our growth. I also want to highlight that just a few days ago, we closed the $230 million acquisition of the Wastewater System Assets of Butler Area Sewer Authority in Pennsylvania. Our Pennsylvania team assisted by the corporate business development team worked hard to complete this deal, which adds 15,000 customers who we are pleased to begin serving. Turning to Slide 6. We are initiating our 2025 earnings guidance of $5.65 to $5.75 per share. This represents 8% EPS growth in 2025 compared to our weather-normalized 2024 EPS guidance, which David will discuss in further detail. As we roll out our updated 5-year plan today, we are affirming our long-term targets, including 7% to 9% EPS and dividend compounded annual growth rates. As a regulated water and wastewater utility, rate base growth, regulatory and capital execution and operational excellence are the key drivers of growth for our company. We expect to achieve 8% to 9% rate base growth over the next decade, driven by the accelerated CapEx plan we put forth 3 years ago to meet reliability, resiliency and compliance needs. Our rate base growth includes our regulated acquisition strategy, which drives a growing customer base, as well as the organic revenue growth opportunities we expect from our military services group. Along with our affordability and sustainability leadership, we believe these are the drivers of American Water's very competitive and sustainable shareholder return. In today's closing remarks, Susan will share her thoughts on our position as a premium regulated utility. In closing, on Slide 7, I want to emphasize that we expect to achieve consistent EPS growth within the 7% to 9% range through 2029 and beyond. We are demonstrating in 2024 and with our guidance for 2025 that the business plan we set forth following the sale of HOS is strong and compelling. Our commitment to solving problems for our customers remains steadfast, including addressing PFAS, letting copper and aging infrastructure, among other challenges. No other water and wastewater utility has the combination of the scale, geographic diversity and expertise that we have. This foundation, coupled with the capital investment needs in our industry uniquely positions American Water to achieve consistently strong earnings growth for many years to come. One final note, before I turn it over to David. As you know, earlier this month, we notified stakeholders of unauthorized activity within our computer networks and systems, which we determined to be the result of a cybersecurity incident. Importantly, none of the company's water or wastewater facilities were impacted by this incident. While the investigation of the incident by a dedicated team of professionals is ongoing, we do not expect that this incident will have a material effect on the company or its financial condition or results of operations. With that, I'll hand it over to David to cover our financial results and plans in further detail. David?
David Bowler: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Before I get started with results, let me first say how excited I am to assume the role of CFO at American Water and continue my work with this great team. I also look forward to meeting many of you at EEI in a couple of weeks. Turning to slide 9. Let me provide a few more details on year-to-date results. Consolidated earnings were $4.17 per share, up $0.14 per share compared to the same period in 2023 and up $0.18 per share on a weather-normalized basis. As noted, earnings in 2024 were higher by an estimated $0.07 per share as a result of weather in the second and third quarters as compared to $0.11 per share of favorable weather in the second and third quarters of 2023. Excluding the impacts of weather, revenues increased by $0.84 per share, driven primarily by general rate case outcomes in 2023 and thus far in 2024. And looking at operating costs, O&M was higher by $0.19 per share, driven primarily by employee-related costs and other increases to support growth in the business as we expected. Production costs related to fuel, power and chemicals were also slightly higher compared to this period in 2023. Next, general taxes, which are comprised of property and gross receipts taxes were higher by $0.06 per share with the increase in property tax tied to the level of capital investment and higher gross receipts tax driven by higher revenue, primarily in New Jersey. Depreciation increased $0.21 per share and long-term financing costs increased $0.28 per share both as expected in support of our investment growth. The higher long-term financing cost includes interest on the $1 billion convertible note issuance from last June, the $1.4 billion senior note issuance in this February as well as $0.07 of dilution from last year's equity issuance. And finally, we had $0.07 per share of additional interest income from the February 2024 amendment of the seller note related to the sale of Homeowner Services. As we've stated, we will continue to break this out quarterly so investors can track the ongoing growth of American Water from its core regulated strategy without this additional interest income. I will also note in the appendix, you will find details on the third quarter EPS, which has many of the same drivers as the year-to-date results. On slide 10, I will review the latest regulatory activity in our states. First, on completed cases. We received an order from the New Jersey Commission in September approving without modification, our settlement agreement of an additional $80 million in annualized revenues that was effective September 15. The commission again approved an allowed return on equity of 9.6% and an equity layer of 55%. New Jersey continues to be a constructive state that is supportive of investment to serve our customers well. Turning to active cases. You can see we have general rate cases in progress in seven jurisdictions. These cases are centered around the capital investments we have made and will continue to make in these states. In Missouri, we originally filed a rate case with a proposal for a full future test year, which the commission declined to accept at this time. However, the commission provided an allowance for discrete adjustments that recognize investments through May 2025. While not the ruling we wanted in this case, we are encouraged by the conversations we've had with the commission and are continuing to work on a legislative path for a future test year in Missouri. Otherwise, our case in Missouri is progressing as expected. In Illinois, we received a proposed decision from the administrative law judge on October 24, recommending a 9.84% return on equity and a 49% equity layer. A final order in this case is expected no later than December 17 with new rates implemented January 1, 2025. In Virginia, on September 20, we filed a black box settlement with the Virginia Commission, which agreed to a $15 million annualized increase in revenues compared to our ask of $20 million. The settlement stipulation also specified a return on equity of 9.7%, which matches the current allowed return and a capital structure with an equity component of 45.67%, which compares to the current approved cap structure of 40.73%. The settlement remains subject to commission review and approval. In California, we expect the final rate case decision on December 5 with new rates retroactive to January 1, 2024. As a reminder, we reached a partial settlement agreement in November 2023 with the CPUC's Public Advocates Office that would address our revenue requirement request but did not address rate design or certain other matters, including a request for continuation of a revenue stabilization mechanism. Decoupling is a critical tool for conservation efforts in California as it supports reliability and protection of water supply, which will help shape the future economic and environmental health of the communities we serve there. Once we receive the order later this year, we will determine whether we need to pursue further recourse in the state related to decoupling. On slide 11, we provide some considerations regarding our outlook for 2025 results and our newly established EPS guidance range of $5.65 to $5.75 per share. First, as you would expect, our growth will be driven by the returns on the capital invested to serve our customers. Cheryl will walk you through how our capital investment has grown and the specifics of the plan included in this update. As we talked about previously, 2024 is year three of our accelerated capital plan following the 2021 HOS sale. So we see that ramp-up partially reflected in earnings in 2025, both from base rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms. Recent regulated acquisitions that are being incorporated into active or just completed rate cases will also drive growth next year. Also critical to our growth strategy is our ability to prudently manage the operating cost it takes to serve our customers. While we continue to have a strong culture of operating efficiencies and cost management, we do expect O&M increases in 2025 from higher production costs, including purchased water, fuel and power, annual wage increases as well as additional costs to serve our customers from recent acquisitions. The focus on operating cost efficiencies goes to the heart of the customer affordability construct we want to protect, which is closely aligned with the interest of regulators and ultimately investors in managing affordability of customer bills. The increases in general taxes, depreciation and long-term financing are driven by the continued capital investments in the system. And while I'm not called out on this slide, I'd like to note that our Military Services group still adds incrementally to our earnings growth expectation as shown in our growth outlook. MSG's great work on 18 military installations it serves, has built trust and resulted in the US government allocating additional funds for improvement projects, driving increased revenues. Turning to slide 12. I will provide a look at our balance sheet and liquidity profile before closing with our five-year financing plan update. Our total debt-to-capital ratio as of September 30, net of the $127 million of cash on hand remains at 56%, which is well within our target of less than 60%. Our expected dividend payout ratio for 2024 of 58% is also within our target range of 55% to 60%. I want to affirm that investors can expect our company to continue to be focused on these targets over the long-term. With our continued focus on maintaining a strong balance sheet, we also remain confident that we will have access to capital for the foreseeable future. In fact, we just extended the maturity of our revolving credit facility, which has a capacity of $2.75 billion by one year to October 2029. Our diversified banking relationships with some of the largest and strongest banks in the world, coupled with our fully regulated business model and strong credit ratings gives us great confidence around our liquidity. In addition, our laddered approach to long-term debt financing over the years has been very important in environments like the current one in managing cash flows and minimizing interest rate risk, which contributes to managing customer affordability and our short duration between general rate cases driven by our investment allows us to minimize the lag we may experience related to recovery of financing costs. From this position of balance sheet strength, let's turn to Slide 13 for a review of our five-year financing plan that will fund the increased capital plan. In our prior five-year plan covering 2024 to 2028, we expected a total of $1 billion of equity financing in the middle of that plan. That amount and timing remains unchanged. Our updated financing plan now covering 2025 to 2029 includes an estimated total of $2.5 billion of external equity issuances with the additional $1.5 billion expected near the end of the plan and all, of course, subject to market conditions. The level and timing of anticipated external equity is tied very simply to our need to fund growth and maintain our strong financial position. Investors should expect equity financing to occur routinely as determined by our investment program, rate case cycle and is appropriate to maintain our strong balance sheet and credit metrics. Since we are already in alignment with our targets for debt to cap and dividend payout, we have the flexibility to adjust these plans and respond to market conditions when they change for the benefit of customers and investors alike. Finally, I'll wrap up noting that our current financing plan for calendar year 2025 includes $1.5 billion to $2 billion of long-term debt financing and no equity financing. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our five-year capital plan, our recent acquisition activity and outlook and affordability. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton : Thanks, David, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 15, I'll start with a discussion of our current long-term capital plan. For 2025, we expect our investment spending level to be $3.3 billion. From 2025 to 2029, we expect to invest $17 billion to $18 billion, an increase of about $1 billion over our previous five-year plan. This level of spending reflects the result of our consistent risk-based project planning. Along with risk, customer affordability is a key variable in our analysis, which I'll speak more about shortly. The increase in the current plan compared to last year is a combination of increased spending to meet compliance requirements for EPA's lead and copper rule improvements or LCRI, and rolling the plan forward a year. As you are aware, in October, the EPA issued the final LCRI, which sets a deadline near the end of 2037 for lead replacement by water utility providers for assets under their control, among other stipulations. American Water consistently meets water quality standards related to lead and copper rules across our footprint, and we are supportive of new or revised water quality standards such as LCRI. Removing the risk of lead service lines over time is absolutely the right thing to do for the health and safety of our customers. We are now expecting to spend about $1 billion over the next five years related to LCRI or about twice the rate of our recent annual spending, and we are still planning to invest approximately $1 billion in capital to comply with EPA's PFAS rule. In total, looking out over the next decade, we expect to invest about $40 billion to $42 billion in our regulated systems and acquisitions, which is $5 billion higher than the previous 10-year plan. One of our key initiatives with this higher level of investment is the expansion of our infrastructure renewal and replacement program. I want to finish this slide by acknowledging that our teams have done a great job executing our accelerated capital investment plans these last few years. We have consistently met our capital deployment goal each year, and we're on pace to do it again by spending $3.3 billion this year, which includes acquisition investments. These investments are crucial to continuing to deliver safe and clean water and ensure continued reliability of service to our customers. On Slide 16, I want to emphasize that timely capital recovery, which for us covers about 75% of our capital investments is foundational to promoting consistently excellent customer service and affordability. Investing in needed infrastructure on a continuous basis drives consistency of reliability of our services and of water quality. It also enables us to mitigate the size of general rate increases for our customers, which helps promote affordable monthly bills. And by reducing regulatory lag, timely capital recovery allows us to more closely earn our allowed return and better deliver consistent earnings growth. The pie chart on the right side of the page shows the breakdown of our capital spend by purpose over the next decade. While the vast majority of our capital is dedicated to basic replacement of aging pipes, we are also focused on fortifying our systems through resilient spending and preparing our systems for environmental compliance through investments in water quality. For example, we've recently invested $9 million in Sheridan, Indiana to help solve the community's sewer overflow issues that had restricted the community from growing due to EPA noncompliance. And in Hopewell, Virginia, we constructed a 2.5 million gallon storage tank to support proper water storage capacity. We have dozens of stories just like this that demonstrate the vital need for the capital investments we're making. And as we approach the 50th anniversary of the SAFE Drinking Water Act later this year, we know there is still much work to be done in our country and that our expertise in helping communities solve their drinking water issues will be needed for decades to come. Turning to Slide 17. You can see that we expect these capital investments in infrastructure and in acquisitions will grow regulated rate base at a long-term rate of 8% to 9%. Rate base growth, of course, will drive earnings growth. We believe the higher degree of visibility to our capital investment plan, combined with the low-risk nature of the plan, uniquely positions American Water in the utility sector and is fundamental to our investment thesis. Turning to Slide 18, where I'll cover customer affordability. We remain very focused on balancing customer affordability and the magnitude of the necessary investments in our plans. As I mentioned, customer affordability is a key variable in our annual capital planning analysis. We once again believe that the average residential water bill across our footprint as a percentage of median household income will continue to be below 1% throughout our five-year plan. Another recent example of the affordability programs we offer is in Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania American Water expanded its H2O Help to Others discount program to customers with an income of up to 200% of the federal poverty level, up from 150% of that level. This change will expand discounted service to an additional 55,000 Pennsylvania American Water customers. We also expanded the H2O Help to Others grant program for customers up to 250% of the federal poverty level from 200%. Of note, as part of its acquisition of BASA, Pennsylvania American Water already committed to increase its shareholder contribution to the H2O Help to Others grant program by $3.5 million over five years, which will assist more customers through this important affordability program. Turning to our discussion of growth through acquisitions. Let me first say that I'm excited to lead our growing business development teams at the state and corporate level. On Slide 19, you'll see that we have successfully closed on six systems totaling $349 million through October 30, which added almost 50,000 new customers so far this year. Included in this total, as John mentioned earlier, is the big news in Pennsylvania from just a few days ago that we closed on the Butler Area Sewer Authority Wastewater System acquisition for $230 million. We remain very confident in our Pennsylvania acquisition pipeline and our ability to grow there. Looking ahead, we also continue to be well positioned for strong growth through acquisitions across many states with 43,400 customer connections totaling $169 million under agreement as of yesterday. Two quick highlights there. We have received commission approval of the acquisition of the Silver Creek, Indiana Water system and expect to close on it very soon. And in Maryland, we received commission approval in our first fair market value acquisition in the state, and we look forward to serving the former Severn Water Company customers. As we've mentioned over the last 18 to 24 months, we have invested more resources and added personnel to our business development teams and are starting to see that investment bear fruit with increased opportunities across our footprint. This expanded team, along with a more focused process for deal origination is driving a larger pipeline of potential acquisitions, now over 1.5 million connections compared to the previous pipeline of 1.3 million customers. With that, I'll turn it over to Susan for some closing thoughts. Susan?
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Cheryl, and I'm happy to be batting cleanup for us here today. You've heard from John, David, and Cheryl, a recap of our long-term strategy, and it should sound very consistent. Beyond our words, though, we have a proven track record of execution on our plans, including achieving our EPS guidance year after year. I fully expect 2025 to be another successful year, demonstrating consistent execution of our plans. Slide 21 is a compilation of the unique competitive advantages that we have at American Water that make us stand out as a premium utility. I've been on all sides of the regulated utility industry in the U.S. throughout my 40-year career, gas, electric and now water and wastewater. I know very well that there are some other great companies in the utility industry, ones that could cite three, four or maybe more of these qualities on their own resume. But what makes American Water unique from all of the others, though, in my opinion, is the collection of all of these attributes in a single investment opportunity. But let me be specific and call out just a few of these key attributes. American Water, without any dispute, is a top-tier performer on earnings and dividend growth. We have a geographic and resulting regulatory diversity that is rivaled by few. That diversity reduces risk period. And speaking of risk, our capital plan is low risk on a number of measures like decades of need and basic infrastructure renewal at the core of our plan. Our investment appeal based on our company's mission, values and these distinguishing fundamentals is compelling. Our mission is to provide safe, clean, reliable and affordable services to the customers we are privileged to serve and to those that we hope to serve in the future that today are in need of the services we deliver. We can fulfill this mission and provide a fair return to our investors. Look, American Water has been doing this work since 1886. That's nearly 140 years, but there's much left to be done. Some may question and some do still today, the sense of urgency that we exhibit as we execute this investment plan. The sense of urgency is driven by the tremendous need, simply put. We will continue to do this work and deliver the superior returns our investors expect. It is a privilege to lead the 6,500 member team that is committed to and focused on delivering solutions to our customers. And you, our investors, make it possible for this important work to continue. And with that, I'll turn it back to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Richard Sunderland of JPMorgan. Go ahead, please.
Richard Sunderland: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for the time today.
Susan Hardwick: Good morning, Rich.
Richard Sunderland: So I've been getting a lot of questions on the financing plan and hoping you can walk through the $1.5 billion equity increase versus the $1 billion CapEx increase. Are there any timing factors to the financing plan driving equity higher than the incremental CapEx, like maybe capturing some of the years six through 10 equity in this current five-year plan?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question, Rich. And obviously, we've seen a lot of commentary on that overnight and this morning as you all have been digesting the new plan here. I think it's as simple as a continued growing investment plan, as you've noted, and our continued focus on the strong balance sheet. We take very seriously the strength of the balance sheet and the metrics associated with that, and we've been very transparent on what those are. And we'll continue to finance the plan, the growing plan to maintain those expectations. I think it's pretty simple to think about it in those terms. The timing, I think, is maybe what's tripping people up a bit, but I think you just need to think about the size of our plan, the long-term nature of our plan, the outlook that we've provided from a long-term perspective here and our continued focus on that balance sheet. It's all just directly tied to those key objectives we have. And David, John, anything to add from your perspective here?
John Griffith: No, I think you've really covered it, Susan.
David Bowler: Yes. Maybe I'll just add one comment, Rich, which is if we think about the $1 billion increase in our five-year plan investment plan, keep in mind that even if we increased -- we didn't -- if we did not increase the five-year plan at all, right, we would still intend to raise equity in the latter part of the new plan period, right? We are growing the company 8% to 9% rate base growth. We generate a lot of internal cash flow. We raise debt, but we'll always be raising equity periodically to fund what we consider to be a robust capital plan. So I'd say the $1 billion increase in the five-year plan incrementally increased the amount of equity that we will be raising, but we'll always be in the business of periodically raising equity.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. That's very clear. And maybe I'll pick up on that last point and just unpack that a little bit more, because if you look at last year's update and then this year's update on the full balance of sources, the cash flow guidance uptick last year was larger than the uptick this year, maybe $2 billion versus $1 billion. I'm curious, if you could just unpack a little bit more of what's going on there in terms of your assumptions and expectations embedded in that? Are there any factors we should think about the roll forward last year versus the roll forward this year purely on the cash flow guidance?
David Bowler: Rich, I think one factor that we have incorporated in here would be related to alternative minimum tax as a driver where we fully expect to be a cash taxpayer starting in 2025.
John Griffith: And Rich, I would just add to that, that yes, as you recall, Rich, when we first accelerated our CapEx plan back in 2021, what we found is that we are investing even more capital than that accelerated plan. And so the enhanced capital investment that we're seeing is generating additional internal cash flow.
Richard Sunderland: Perfect. Very helpful commentary. Thank you. I’ll leave it there.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. You ahead please.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. David, congrats.
David Bowler: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Susan. Nice job batting the closing remarks here. And David, congrats and look forward to working with you.
David Bowler: Thanks.
Durgesh Chopra: Yeah, absolutely. So maybe just guys, get your perspective on the strategy in Pennsylvania. As you roll this plan forward, how are you thinking about CapEx in the state versus previous assumptions, and then the rate case filing strategy in light of the order? Just any color you can offer there would be great. Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, Rich, probably not a lot to add from our discussion last quarter. As we've continued to emphasize, our capital planning process is really risk-based. We're really looking at where the need is the greatest, and we'll allocate capital first according to that need. And then to the extent there are opportunities to continue to enhance service in those areas -- other areas, we'll look at those opportunities. I think that process has continued, and I think you'll continue to see us make significant investment in Pennsylvania, so no change there. And I'd also say -- and again, we talked about this last quarter as it relates to our rate case outcome there, while the ROE might have been lower than we had hoped for, we certainly have that built in this plan, and you can see us continue to emphasize strong growth rates year-over-year, our 2025 expected growth at 8%, all fully reflected in our plan. So we're moving forward.
Durgesh Chopra: That's helpful, Susan. Thank you. And then, David, maybe I could just quickly follow-up. You talked about the AMT and being a full cash taxpayer in 2025. Could you help us with what like dollar amount of cash payments are you expecting in 2025 and going forward?
David Bowler: Yes. I think you can think of it in the range of $100 million, plus or minus a year in cash taxes paid as part of AMT.
Durgesh Chopra: Awesome. Thanks, again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Seaport. Go ahead, please
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So just one somewhat of a random question. So I'm just wondering, if you guys are making any plans on any changes in how you procure electricity. I mean I'm looking at the states where you operate, it seems like you will be exposed to quite an inflation in the cost of electricity. And so, are you trying to maybe lock in some of those prices ahead of time? And are you concerned about, for example, the affordability argument when the electricity prices were to go meaningfully up?
David Bowler: Good morning, Angie, yes, good question. And we might have touched on this a little bit, I think, last quarter. But certainly, it's a major focus for us. Electricity costs are a big cost associated with the work that we do. And to that end, we have multiple long-term contracts already in place. I think some as far out as 2029. So we have this risk, I'd say, fairly well mitigated through our current contracting strategy.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Changing topics. So you've obviously extended your growth rate. I think we're all looking at your earnings power beyond '26, right, when you lose the benefit of interest income. So I mean, what fills up that $0.10? Is it that you sort of step up the level of spending? Is it that you're hopeful for additional municipal M&A? I'm just wondering, again, how you can bridge the gap.
David Bowler: Yes, Angie, we certainly have addressed this, I think a couple of times. I'll ask John to sort of reiterate what our view is here.
John Griffith: Thanks for the question, Angie. As you recall back in 2021, when we put the note into place, we accelerated our capital plan at that point in time, increasing the 5-year plan by a couple of billion dollars at that point. And in the context of another question earlier, what we found is we've not only achieved that, I would say, but more. And so when you -- and we're always injecting equity into our operating companies to generate incremental regulated earnings. And that's really what's driving our ability to replace the interest income from the note. If you think about the interest income from the note, a lot of people look at it on an incremental basis and say, okay, there's effectively $0.20 of earnings going away, and that's from the $720 million note, it's 7% interest that we built into our 7% to 9% guidance forecast back in 2021. What people need to remember is we are bringing in $795 million, which is the original $720 million plus the earn-out payment that was rolled into the note. And if you think about that $795 million as -- that's avoiding incremental capital issuance, whether it's equity or debt. So if you're -- if you assume that we're avoiding long-term debt with that $795 million, pick a long-term interest rate, 5.5%, whatever you want to make up as a long-term debt interest rate. That result -- that offsets that $0.20, not all of it, but it gets you, call it, $0.17 or so. And we're really only filling kind of a $0.03 hole there. Nothing -- and so people kind of can't forget about the right side of the page that, yes, the interest income is going away, but we do have capital that we're avoiding incremental debt with. I would also note, Angie, that it's good for people to keep in mind that the final maturity date on the note is December 2026. But the borrower can call the note as of December 2025. And so it -- we'll see when the note gets taken out, but that's something just -- we could see it earlier than December 2026.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, on the frequency of rate cases. So again, we're trying to sort of understand what happened with the last rate case in Pennsylvania. And obviously, some of it was the frequency of the rate case filings. So I'm just wondering one could argue that you're filing rate cases more often, not just in Pennsylvania, but in other states because you really have to hit your allowed ROEs and the realized ROE has to be close -- as close as possible to the allowed. So I mean, how do you see it in your plan? I mean, are you assuming that in every jurisdiction, you basically hit that allowed ROE and that's what drives the earnings growth? What if there is some either slippage in those rate cases or the negative outcome of some of them?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Angie, on the rate case strategy, and I think we've been trying to make this point for a couple of years now. What really drives our rate case cycling is the need and the investment. We just continue to believe there is such tremendous need to do the work that we're doing that we've accelerated our capital investment program accordingly. And the more investment we make, the greater the growth in the rate base and the need for timely recovery. Now we have mechanisms and other approaches to get essentially 75% of that investment recovered what we would call sort of more timely, through periodic adjustments, but we still have the remaining investment that is subject to traditional regulatory process and the need to get timely recovery of that investment, along with the size of the investment is what drives that cycling. So our -- we don't build a rate case cycle just to hit a rate of return. We build it because that's how we're investing, and that's what the regulatory process calls for. So that's really what's behind the strategy. It's the need.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome, thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and American Water's third quarter 2024 earnings conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations Web site. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Danielle. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some Safe Harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the second quarter earnings release and in our June 30 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. After our prepared remarks, we'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 5, and I'll start by covering some highlights of the first half of the year. As we announced yesterday, we delivered solid financial results in the second quarter and first half of 2024. Earnings were $1.42 per share for the quarter, compared to $1.44 for the same period last year. In the first 6 months of 2024 and 2023, earnings were $2.37 per share. The results for both periods were in line with our expectations. Our expectations were based on the timing of revenue increases from several general rate case proceedings and infrastructure mechanism filings expected to be effective in the latter half of 2024, which I'll speak more about shortly. With our year-to-date execution and customer usage declines being a bit less than we had planned for so far in 2024, we have raised our 2024 EPS guidance by narrowing it to the top half of the guidance range. Our expectations for 2024 are now $5.25 per share to $5.30 per share. John will share more about our results and guidance a bit later. Moving on to some of our other key accomplishments so far in 2024. We invested $1.4 billion in capital projects year-to-date, again, reflecting great work by our teams responsible for planning and completing these investments. We were also very pleased to add 43,000 customers in our first half of the year from acquisitions and organic growth. Our outlook for future acquisitions remained very strong as we have nearly $500 million in acquisitions under agreement. And earlier this week, we were pleased to publish our company's latest sustainability report for 2023. It reflects how we are fulfilling our mission of providing safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater service in a very sustainable manner to American Water customers. This has been our mission for over 135 years and counting. Turning to Slide 6 and back to the topic of regulatory recovery, I want to acknowledge the great work of our state and corporate regulatory teams as they continue to successfully execute on our regulatory strategy. We have completed four cases already in 2024 in Indiana, West Virginia, Kentucky, and Pennsylvania, all of which authorized 100% of the capital investments we have made or will make in each state. We also have several other general rate cases and timely infrastructure recovery mechanisms currently in front of regulators that I'm confident will be reasonably decided. Cheryl will provide some additional updates on our active general rate cases a little later. Let's zoom out for a minute, though. I want to remind investors that we strategically choose to operate in a diverse set of regulatory environments that we believe have been and will remain supportive of water and wastewater utility investments and consolidation. As I told you earlier this year, American Water continues to receive tremendous support at the state and federal level for the work that we do across our footprint. Policymakers in our states often understand that historic $20 or $30 per month water bills don't equate to adequately invested systems or the highest quality services for residents. Those relatively low legacy rates often signal significant underinvestment, below average reliability and/or water quality, wastewater overflow issues, or all of the above. That's why policymakers frequently encourage American Water to keep growing, keep investing, and keep solving problems in their states. We often are called on by regulators and policymakers when there is a need for experts to take over a failing community water system. We have a very recent example of just that in the state of Pennsylvania. As you know, we just completed our rate case in Pennsylvania, and the Commission released its order in that case on July 22. It was a case that reflected $1 billion of investment since our last case, which was decided just a short 18 months ago. It's important to note that the Commission approved 100% of the capital invested or to be invested by the end of the future test year of June 30, 2025. There is no dispute about the investments being made and the absolute need for the investment to continue to update our systems to ensure that citizens of Pennsylvania, where we operate, are confident in their water and wastewater service. Certainly, we've received comments about the pace of our regulatory strategy in Pennsylvania. What drives that pace is the need, plain and simple. And of course that pace of investment leads to increased customer bills. We're focused on that issue in every aspect of our regulatory planning and the efforts we continue to drive to ensure customer affordability, from cost management and driving efficiencies, to innovative tariff approaches, to a direct customer assistance. At the end of the day, though, the need for investment is not decreasing. As you assess the recent Pennsylvania order outcome, it's helpful to understand the reconciliation of the order findings to our request. Really there are only two or three things that reconcile the full difference. Recall that we requested a revenue increase of about $200 million and an ROE of 10.95%. An ROE request, which is fully reflective of an increasingly risky business because of higher capital costs, new and emerging regulations, and an increasing need for resiliency, to name just a few of the drivers. The ROE differential between our request and the commission's unprecedented and frankly unsupported finding of 9.45% is $71 million of revenue. Additionally, the Butler Area Sewer Authority acquisition, though fully approved by the commission previously, was removed from the revenue requirement because the transaction is not yet closed. That impact is $23 million of requested revenue. The remaining $11 million delta from our request to the final authorized revenue requirement is made up of a few cost-of-service items. In summary, the order found our request to be fully reasonable, but for the ROE finding. We will continue to be very present in Pennsylvania as we serve our customers, but we will evaluate what is the -- what this result means to our overall allocation of capital investment among our various states. Investors certainly expect a fair return, and it is part of our mission to provide that opportunity while fully serving our customers. Selectively, we believe there is a very long runway of investment opportunities in the communities we serve across our 14 states for organic CapEx and for growth through acquisitions. And further, we believe the regulatory and legislative environments in our 14 states continue to be conducive to earning a fair and reasonable return on the investments we're making and that you, our investors, are counting on. We do all of this while keeping customer bills affordable and staying true to our high value of quality service and sustainable operations, which leads us to Slide 7, and what I believe are the drivers of American Water's very competitive and sustainable shareholder return built on the foundation of the regulatory execution I just discussed. This quarter we are again affirming our long-term targets, including both earnings and dividend growth targets at an industry-leading pace of 7% to 9% over the next 5 years and beyond. This affirmation is based on our clear top-tier growth, capital growth plan, and our solid regulatory and operational execution. Our track record of execution on these fronts gives us confidence and should give investors confidence in our ability to achieve our short-term and our long-term financial targets. Finally, let me spend just a few minutes on the leadership news we detailed in our earnings release. I'm excited to release [ph] John has been named President of American Water. This is a decision the American Water Board and I have worked on for some time, and it really is about our intentional effort to build a pipeline of talent through career development to ensure we have a strong leadership foundation for the long-term. With this shift, I will continue to lead the overall strategic direction of our company as the CEO, and as an American Water Board member. John will lead the continued execution of our strategies and daily operations. He will continue to report to me and our Executive Leadership team will report to John. Cheryl will expand her COO role and now lead Business Development. When you consider how she has led our increased capital program, her extensive water quality expertise given the ever-increasing regulations, and her reputation in this industry. This is a natural expansion of her role as we continue to bring solutions to even more communities across the country. David Bowler, who you will hear from next quarter, has been named Executive Vice President and CFO, and Nick Furia has been named Vice President and Treasurer. Let me just say a few words about John, Cheryl, David and Nick, as we are really pleased to have all four expand their roles. You know John well. He has more than 25 years of industry knowledge and expertise and significant experience in leading high-performance teams, strategy development, and execution. Most importantly, he has a deep understanding of our company's purpose and a strong commitment to our customers, employees, and shareholders. Cheryl has more than 35 years of experience and expertise. She has led our lab, served as President in three of our states, and does an incredible job leading all areas of our operations. She, too, has a strong sense of the purpose of American Water. David has nearly 20 years of deep experience in the utility industry and has been our Deputy CFO and Treasurer since 2022. He has significant experience in all aspects of financial management and strategy, including finance strategy and planning, treasury, accounting, enterprise risk and capital markets. And Nick Furia has 10 years of experience with American Water and has served as our Assistant Treasurer since 2021, overseeing key treasury-related functions, including financing, cash flow, liquidity, overall cap structure management. He also served as the Director of Acquisitions at American Water and has nearly 20 years of experience in accounting and finance roles. All have a strong commitment to the success of our company and are well suited for their new and expanded roles. We firmly believe we have further solidified an already top talent leadership team. Our leadership team and the American Water Board of Directors are excited about these changes and highly confident this team will support the execution of our plans now and well into the future. And with that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our recent regulatory updates, affordability and the capital plan. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by saying how excited I am about today's leadership news, and I look forward to working even more closely with our business development team to provide water and wastewater solutions to many more new communities. I'm also very confident that we have the right team for the long-term success of this company. On Slide 9, I'll cover the latest regulatory activity in our states. In Pennsylvania, as Susan just laid out, the commission issued an order in July authorizing an additional $99 million in annualized revenues effective August 7. There are two other items from the order worth noting. The PUC encouraged Pennsylvania American Water to set a target donation to its hardship fund of an additional $1 million. Of note, as part of its acquisition of the Butler Area Sewer Authority, Pennsylvania American Water already committed to increase its shareholder contribution to the H2O Help to Others grant program by $3.5 million over 5 years. As you know, the BASA acquisition was approved by the PUC in November of 2023, but it was appealed to the Commonwealth Court. So the PUC approved expansion of these assistance programs awaits a decision from that court. Regarding the water quality issues raised in the order, we acknowledged that some customers in the Northeast part of our Pennsylvania service area experience temporary aesthetic disturbances associated with system improvements and operational maintenance. Let me be clear. Our water meets all state and federal drinking water regulations. We take customer comments about water quality very seriously and will work with the Commission on the matters raised. As part of this commitment, we attempted personal outreach to every customer who raised a water quality concern during the public hearings to better understand and resolve their issues. With 33 Pennsylvania American Water's water treatment plants nationally recognized with the Director's Awards for participating in the EPA's Partnership for Safe Water. We are fully committed to high-quality, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services. Switching over to Kentucky, the Commission there issued an order on May 3 authorizing an additional $11 million in annualized revenues. Since the company had implemented interim rates effective February 6 based on the requested revenue of $26 million. The order requires a refund with interest to customers retroactive to this date. It does not include the infrastructure surcharge revenues of $10 million, which add to our investment recovery in the state. We filed with the Commission a petition for a rehearing of the rate case order seeking clarification or correction of certain quantifications with respect to the authorized amount of annualized revenues. Of the handful of issues we have raised, the one of most significance appears to be a mathematical error that once corrected would result in a higher revenue requirement. We expect resolution of this proceeding later in 2024. Turning to active cases, you can see we have general rate cases in progress in seven jurisdictions. All of these cases are centered around the capital investments we've made and will continue to make in these states, and all of them are proceeding as we expected. On July 1, we filed a general rate case in Missouri, reflecting a $1.5 billion in system investments, covering January 2023 through May 2026. We are seeking $148 million of additional annual revenue. Rate cases in Missouri usually take up to 11 months, and we expect new rates to become effective mid-2025. In Illinois, the next milestones in the case will be evidentiary hearings in August, followed by briefing from all parties in September, and then a proposed order due in October. In California, we still expect a final rate case decision in the second half of 2024. New rates will be implemented retroactively to January 1, 2024. As a reminder, we reached the partial settlement agreement in November of 2023 with the CPUC's Public Advocates Office, which would address our revenue requirement -- request, but does not address rate design or certain other matters, including our request for continuation of a revenue stability mechanism. Also of note, the California Supreme Court issued a unanimous opinion concluding that the Commission erred when it prohibited water utilities from proposing to continue their water revenue adjustment mechanisms. According -- accordingly, the court vacated the portion of the Commission's 2020 decision relating to this prohibition. Decoupling is a critical tool for conservation efforts in California. Adequate water supply reliability for all uses is essential to the future economic and environmental health of the communities we serve there. In New Jersey, as outlined in the procedural schedule, the company is in confidential settlement discussions among the parties to the proceeding and we hope to have a resolution soon. To show the magnitude of our regulatory execution efforts, you can see on Slide 10 that we have $266 million in annualized new revenues and rates so far in 2024. This includes $176 million from general rate cases and step increases and $90 million from infrastructure surcharges. In total, we have $546 million of total annualized revenue requests pending. Most of the annual authorized revenues we are expecting in 2024, have effective dates which will have a stronger impact on financial results in the second half of the year. Moving to Slide 11, and a topic you've heard us cover just about every quarter, customer affordability. And as we've said, we are very focused on balancing customer affordability and the magnitude of the system investments that are needed. An example of this is included in the Missouri general rate case we filed on July 1st. We are proposing a new income-based discounted rate for customers below 150% of the federal poverty level. We also currently offer assistance through our H2O Help to Others program, which is available to any Missouri American Water customer and meets the basic needs criteria as set by the community action agency caseworkers. We also continue to strongly advocate for a permanent, federally funded, low-income water assistance program similar to what's been in place for many years for gas and electric utility customers and what was temporarily in place for water customers during COVID. Turning to Slide 12. As Susan reviewed earlier, highlighted here is an example of the constructive regulatory and legislative environments we operate in. Our theme here is not only around timely, consistent recovery of investments and operating costs, but also around offering affordability programs and tariffs to those customers who need it the most. As I alluded to earlier, American Water has consistently engaged with policymakers and regulators over the years to find the best ways to invest in water and wastewater infrastructure to serve the long-term best interest of our customers while also achieving timely recovery. When we achieve timely and consistent recovery, it promotes affordability by leveling out customer ability bill impacts over time, making those bills more manageable for our customers. I'd like to point out that we offer affordability programs in most of our states, which is something we have been doing for some time now. We also have specific low income tariffs enacted in four of our biggest states, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Illinois, and West Virginia. And as I mentioned on the last slide, we are seeking to add Missouri to this list once our general rate case concludes next year. Lastly, Slide 13 shows that our state and corporate leaders and their teams again did a great job in the quarter executing on our increased capital plan. They safely completed the hundreds of projects that improved our systems and drove capital investment higher by almost $200 million in the first half of 2024, compared to the same period last year. This result keeps us on pace to hit our goal of approximately $3.1 billion of capital investment in 2024. With that, I'll hand it over to John to cover our financial results and plans in further detail. John?
John Griffith: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone. I, too, look forward to all of our new roles. We have a great future ahead of us and much work to do as we continue to make communities stronger through the essential water and wastewater services we provide. Turning to Slide 15, I'll provide some further insights into our financial results for the quarter. Earnings were $1.42 per share for the quarter, down $0.02 per share versus the same period in 2023, but up $0.02 per share on a weather-normalized basis. Recently completed rate cases in Indiana, West Virginia, and Kentucky, in addition to rate outcomes achieved last year, are driving increased revenues. While weather led to a net unfavorable impact on earnings quarter-over-quarter of an estimated $0.04 per share, earnings in the second quarter of 2024 were favorably impacted by an estimated $0.03 per share of weather due to warm and dry conditions, primarily in New Jersey, while earnings were favorably impacted in Q2 of 2023 by an estimated $0.07 per share of weather due to warm and dry conditions, primarily in Missouri, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. And looking at operating costs, increased employee-related costs caused O&M to increase $0.03 per share, as expected, from normal wage increases somewhat offset by lower headcount. Production costs related to fuel, power, and chemicals costs were flat compared to this period in 2023. Next, depreciation increased $0.07 per share, and long-term financing costs increased $0.11 per share, both as expected, in support of our investment growth. Long-term financing costs include interest on the $1 billion convertible note issuance from last June and the $1.4 billion long-term senior note issuance this February. And finally, we had $0.02 per share of additional interest income from the February 2024 amendment of the seller note related to the sale of HOS. We will continue to break this out quarterly so investors will be able to track the ongoing growth of American Water from its core regulated strategy without this additional interest income. Turning to Slide 16, earnings were flat for the year-to-date period compared to the same period last year, driven by many of the same factors as in the second quarter. On a weather-normalized basis, earnings have increased $0.04 per share year-to-date, which as Susan mentioned, is in line with our expectations for the first half of the year. Turning to our discussion of growth through acquisitions, on Slide 17 you'll see that we successfully closed on five systems for $119 million through June 30, which added approximately 33,400 new customers. The newest additions include the water and wastewater systems in Salem, New Jersey, and Cape Charles, Virginia, which followed the Granite City, Illinois, Wastewater Treatment Plant acquisition we closed in Q1. We've also added 9,600 customers through organic growth through June 30. We continue to be well-positioned for strong growth through acquisitions, with 59,000 customer connections and $483 million under agreement as of quarter end. Many states in our footprint are contributing to this total, which mirrors the broad-based pipeline of opportunities we have in progress across the country. As a reminder, we have received PUC approval for the acquisition of the 15,000-customer BASA wastewater system in Pennsylvania. The PUC's approval is under appeal, and we await a decision from the Pennsylvania Commonwealth Court to proceed with closing. On June 13, the Pennsylvania Commission voted to adopt revisions to procedures around Act 12 fair market value. The provisions in this final order were largely the same as the proposed version we covered on the first quarter call. And as we said on the first quarter call, we believe these provisions are a constructive step for continued consolidation in Pennsylvania as they reaffirm the core principles of Act 12. We do expect the closing of current pending transactions will likely take more time than usual, but to be clear, we are confident in our Pennsylvania acquisition pipeline. Slide 18 is a summary of our continued strong financial position. Our total debt-to-capital ratio as of June 30, net of our $48 million of cash on hand as 56%, which is comfortably within our long-term target of less than 60%. And finally, on Slide 19, yesterday we announced that we are raising our 2024 EPS guidance by narrowing it to the top half of the range we first disclosed in February. The 2024 EPS guidance range is now $5.25 to $5.30, from $5.20 to $5.30 previously, and still on a weather-normalized basis. As Susan mentioned, this change is driven by lower-than-expected declines in customer usage, which is something we track closely and now believe we can count on for the remainder of the year. Coupled with the fact that we have several revenue increases effective in Q2 and Q3, we expect second half 2024 will deliver financial results to achieve this narrow guidance range. This puts us on track to deliver 8.5% EPS growth in 2024 at the new midpoint. Our high-level outlook for 2024 otherwise remains unchanged from what we previously disclosed, and we again affirm our long-term financial targets. We believe our industry-leading EPS and dividend growth, coupled with our affordability position and DSG leadership, will continue to be highly valued and rewarded by investors. We believe these aspects of our business and our position as the largest and most geographically diversified water and wastewater utility in the country distinguish us from all other utilities. With that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team, good morning. First off, congrats on all the leadership announcements here to all of you.
John Griffith: Good morning, Durgesh. Thanks.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Susan. Susan, thank you for all the color you provided as it relates to Pennsylvania rate case. I'm just thinking about how, if at all, this changes your regulatory strategy in the state, the timing of rate cases, the ask, the capital spending, how should we think about that just thinking about the impacts of the order?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think it's a great question. It's obviously something we're going to continue to analyze very closely as we continue to work on our plan update for the fall. But as we said in prepared remarks, the need is not going away. The state of infrastructure and the need for continued focus on improvements and resiliency is not declining in any way, so we know we have investments that need to made in Pennsylvania. We will need to look, though, at how we -- how and how much capital we allocate to the state of Pennsylvania relative to our other states, given this low ROE result in Pennsylvania. It is a real balance of shareholder expectations and the allocation of capital that we really need to think through. Again, we're not going to compromise service. We're not going to compromise safety in any way, but as we think about the pace at which we are making investments, we do have to take into account the return opportunity provided to investors. So I think it's just a question, Durgesh, we're going to have to continue to evaluate a bit, and we'll have more to say about that as we get into sort of our fall planning and updates that we'll provide later in the fall. In total, we don't expect our capital plans to change at all. We again know that the need exists across our entire territory and to the extent we shift dollars from one state to the other should not impact our total expectations.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's very helpful. That's all I have. Thank you.
John Griffith: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning. Thank you for the time today and congratulations as well for all the leadership updates.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Rich.
Richard Sunderland: Following up on the capital reallocation question earlier, understand the considerations you just laid out particularly around ROE, but wanted to ask this specific to M&A in Pennsylvania. Is that something you're also looking at potentially slowing the pace of acquisitions in the state?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, again, I think there's so many opportunities in all of our states really from a acquisition growth perspective and we know we've got a great pipeline in Pennsylvania, a lot of good opportunities there and our team continues to work very, very hard to identify those opportunities and move them all along. And we're not going to slow that pace at all. I think if there's a pace issue at all in Pennsylvania, it will really be around just the environment-related to fair market value and the commission's process they put in place to review acquisitions, which we think, by the way, is very positive. We think the approach the commission has taken there to really put some guidelines around looking at acquisitions and benefits being provided to customers we think will be helpful. But it's still a difficult environment to get those transactions across the finish line. So again, our view is we don't change anything about what we're doing. We'll see how the process works with all the parties involved in those types of proceedings and how the commission handles all of that through the approval process.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. That's helpful commentary there. And then separately, you pointed out the 2H weighting to earnings and very clear what the drivers of that are. I guess thinking about this dynamic over your forecast period, how do you see your EPS profile tracking over the period? Do you expect any lumpiness in results?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I'll probably turn to John on that. John, you want to comment there?
John Griffith: Rich, not lumpiness. So we maintain our 7% to 9% long-term growth. We've been asked a question in the past off of what base year? We don't pick a base year. As you know, we came out of a transition in 2021 selling HOS, selling New York. That was '21 to '22, '22 to '23, we were inside of the 7% to 9%. We expect to be this year. And we frankly think our goal is that it shouldn't matter a lot what year somebody picks. We do, as everyone is aware, have the note coming due in 2026, but that's an event that we've been planning for and we will continue to plan for. So we are not -- so we expect to remain in the 7% to 9% range.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Thank you for the time today, I'll leave it there.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo from Jefferies. please go ahead.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning, team. Thanks for taking the call.
Susan Hardwick: Hey, good morning, Paul.
Cheryl Norton: Good morning.
Paul Zimbardo: Great. My first question was just if you could unpack a little bit some of the detailed guidance changes within the subcomponents, like in particular, you mentioned that decline -- lower-than-expected decline of customer usage, like how much of that was the guidance raised and just if that carries forward, also there's some moves in like MSG and other. If you could just help unpack some of the more material pieces in the change.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, John can add to it. I just say high-level, Paul, that's really it. We've continued to track customer usage trends pre and post-COVID, and we've certainly expected some measure of customer behavior, and it's probably not tracked quite as we'd expected, and that's really the driver, I think, of what we're seeing so far in results this year and the reason that we've increased our guidance by narrowing the range. John, anything to add there?
John Griffith: If you think about kind of a midpoint to midpoint change, Paul, we're talking about a few cents here. So I think you've -- I think Susan got it right.
Susan Hardwick: Yes.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great. And then just to follow-up on Durgesh's, Rich's questions about Pennsylvania. Does the commentary about like potentially shift CapEx around also carry to interest in M&A in Pennsylvania? I know it's been kind of a long arduous road and the changes legislative at the commission. Just any change in your views about kind of growing inorganically in Pennsylvania as well?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, as I said, Paul, just a minute ago, I think in response to Rich's question, it really doesn't change our behavior. We've got a very dynamic and robust process in Pennsylvania to identify opportunities. We've got a great team there that's very focused on identifying opportunities and we will continue that. We think that the guidance that the Commission has laid out to analyze these transactions going forward is very helpful. But as I said, it's an environment where multiple parties have opinions relative to these transactions. And so we'll have to see how that continues to play out before the Commission. Again, we think the guidelines are helpful and our part doesn't change in terms of our interest in growing through acquisition in the state of Pennsylvania.
Paul Zimbardo: Great. Thank you. Very clear. And also congrats again to everyone on the leadership changes.
Susan Hardwick: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, just again, I know it was just one decision in Pennsylvania, but I'm wondering, this is the largest rate base for your company. The ROE reduction is quite substantial versus, again, you had a black box settlement that again versus the 10% we were all counting on. So, as you look to the future, I mean, is there an offset to this lower profitability of the largest asset in your portfolio or is it just that you're still within the range and so that's why you're reiterating your growth rate from an earnings perspective?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Angie, I think it's, again, sort of a good question. First I would just remind folks, and I don't know, back in the back of our deck, we've got detail around rate base on the various jurisdictions. Of course, it changes quickly because we are so active in the regulatory environment, but I think you will see the gap closing from Pennsylvania to some of our other larger states pretty quickly in terms of rate base. We have been making significant investments all across our territory. So while Pennsylvania is large, we have many other states that are gaining ground in terms of size of investment. I think the other answer to your question, though, we addressed in prepared remarks that across our 14 states, we have a lot of opportunity to continue to invest. This need is the same across the country. The need for investment in infrastructure and replacement and resiliency, which I think doesn't get enough of a play. The resiliency issue is a huge one as we see climate changing in different ways in different parts of the country. So we need to continue to focus on our resiliency investment. We have a ton of opportunity across all of our states to deploy capital. So as I said, I think in response to the first question, we don't envision any change in our total capital spending. Where we spend it, we will continue to look at.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. That's all I have. Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Reeder from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning, team, and congrats on the management leadership announcements today.
Susan Hardwick: Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: I wanted to build on a couple of the questions that have already been asked, but where exactly does that legal challenge related to Butler, stand? And how soon do you think that's going to get resolved by the Commonwealth Court?
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think that's really it. It's in the court and we're waiting. I don't know that we have a whole lot more to add in terms of timing, mostly because we don't have any idea. I think the court will act when it's prepared to do so. And we are really just at this point waiting on the court's decision.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. But there's no like precedent in terms of how long from the point that the challenge was filed or are you just waiting on the court order or all the processes played out at this point?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, not really. We've looked at that, but we don't really see any definitive pattern here that would give us the ability to kind of predict timing.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. I understand that. On the [indiscernible] deal, I know that's the other kind of large pending one in PA for you. With the fair market value revisions, because that one need to like potentially be recut or what’s the latest thoughts on when that will be filed and potentially approved and closed?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's in limbo, too. John or Cheryl, you want to comment on current status there?
John Griffith: Yes, Jonathan, we're still moving forward with the approval process on [indiscernible] in terms of going to the PUC. So there's no additional update on that.
Jonathan Reeder: Has the filing been made with the PUC or not yet?
John Griffith: Not Yet.
Jonathan Reeder: Not yet.
John Griffith: Okay.
Jonathan Reeder: All right. And then I did want to dive a little deeper into Paul's question earlier about the components like, I saw, there's a 15% increase in the lower end of the revenue. Is that all due to the lower-than-expected declines in customer usage, or was there even more like downside cushion baked into the previous 105 to 125 range around uncertainty related to the PA outcome or something like that?
Susan Hardwick: John, you want to cover that?
John Griffith: Sure. Jonathan, I think you said it right. We are seeing on the demand side a little bit lower or not as much customer usage decline as we expected to see. And that's a significant driver for the change here.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And that's lower weather normalized customer usage, right?
John Griffith: Correct.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. What about the long-term financing headwind? I saw the midpoint there came down by like $0.075. Is that it all relate to the pushback and the expected closing dates are like Butler and [indiscernible]? No, the financing, Jonathan, really just relates to the timing of the financings that we've done today. In terms of the convert that we issued last June and then the straight debt that we issued this year.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So the ...
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think that's the bulk of it. There is a little bit of an impact from just the delayed closing on the BASA acquisition too since we have not financed that essentially. So there's a little bit of contribution there too.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Yes, no, I thought the last time you updated it, you had already done that February $1.4 billion offer. And so I thought that was already wrapped in there.
Susan Hardwick: Well, we've been sort of waiting on the closing of that for a while. So we probably didn't have fully baked in our expectations around that earlier in the year.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Thank you for that. And then on the MSG and other, I guess, kind of what caused it to turn into a potential headwind in '24 versus like kind of a $0.05 benefit. Is that something that is kind of ongoing or is it timing-related or …?
John Griffith: No, that's not an ongoing MSG issue. That's just a collection of smaller modest puts and takes that are one-offs.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. All right. Great. Thank you so much for the time today. I appreciate it.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The next question comes from Aditya Gandhi from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Aditya Gandhi: Good morning, Susan, Cheryl, and John. Can you hear me?
Susan Hardwick: We can. Good morning, Aditya.
Aditya Gandhi: Good morning. Congratulations on the leadership updates. I just wanted to follow-up on one of the Pennsylvania questions that was asked earlier as it relates to the lower ROE and your 7% to 9% EPS CAGR. I understand you just reaffirmed it today, but in the interim, while the rate base in your other states picks up, should we be expecting an impact where you're maybe trending towards the lower end of your range in the near term, or are there any other levels or offsets that we should be considering?
Susan Hardwick: I would say in a word, no. We raised our guidance by narrowing the range to the upper half, and we obviously were taking into account this decision on Pennsylvania. So, no impact, and we reaffirmed our long-term targets.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. Okay. And have there been any material updates on the PFAS multi-district litigation where you're still waiting for proceeds from some of the defendants there?
Susan Hardwick: Cheryl, you want to cover that?
Cheryl Norton: Yes, sure. Yes, so we have submitted all of our data that was requested to determine what that payout would be. And now we're just waiting to hear that they've closed that period. It was supposed to close last week. And it could get extended, but we think that the date will hold firm. But now we just have to wait for them to do all the calculations to determine what the payout will be. We don't know for sure when that's going to happen.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Seeing [ph] that there are no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being live webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for 1 year on American Water's Investor Relations website.  
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin. 
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Betsy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. 
 Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the first quarter earnings release and in our March 31 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC.  And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share referred to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. After our prepared remarks, we'll then close by answering your questions.  
 With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Hardwick. 
M. Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron. Good morning, everyone. As we announced yesterday, we started 2024 with solid financial results. As shown on Slide 5, earnings were $0.95 per share for the quarter compared to $0.91 last year. The increased results were as we expected and put us on track to achieve our full year earnings guidance, which we are pleased to affirm.  First quarter 2024 results included $0.02 per share of additional interest income from the February 2024 amendment of the seller note related to the sale of HOS, which reflected the higher interest rate and the successful earn-out of the $75 million contingent consideration as we detailed in our February call. Here, you can also see a recap of some of our other key accomplishments so far in 2024, and John and Cheryl will add to these in their remarks.  
 As we announced in late February, we completed a successful long-term debt issuance of $1.4 billion. This delivered on the highest priority in our 2024 financing plan. We also invested well over $600 million of capital in infrastructure this quarter. In addition, we completed a large acquisition and filed general rate cases in several states in accordance with the traditional process of earning a return on the capital investments we have made. We did all of this while keeping customer bills affordable and staying true to our high value for quality service and sustainable operations, which we highlighted in our disclosures we published in early April as noted on this slide.  
 The other significant news so far in 2024 for us and the water industry as a whole came on April 10 when the EPA announced the final national primary drinking water regulations for 6 PFAS chemicals. Cheryl will elaborate further on the PFAS water quality standards, but I want to reiterate that we fully support the EPA's efforts to protect drinking water quality.  I want to again assure our customers, regulators, investors and other stakeholders that American Water has the expertise to tackle this issue head on. And in fact, we have demonstrated that in many locations for some time now.  
 Turning to Slide 6. This quarter, we again -- we are, again, affirming our long-term targets for both earnings and dividend growth at 7% to 9%. This affirmation is based upon clear top-tier capital growth plan and our strong regulatory and operational execution that I believe is a positive differentiator from our peers. As we've done in the past, we expect to consistently deliver on our annual and long-term plans, growing earnings and dividends at an industry-leading pace over the next 5 years and beyond. 
 Moving on to Slide 7. As we announced yesterday, our Board of Directors approved an increase in the company's quarterly cash dividend from $0.7075 per share to $0.765 per share, an 8.1% increase. We have grown our dividend consistently over the last 5 years, significantly outpacing virtually all of our utility peers, while maintaining a consistent payout ratio of less than 60%.  Looking ahead, we continue to expect to grow our dividend at 7% to 9% per year on average, which is in line with our compelling 7% to 9% EPS growth target. Our Board and management team understand and appreciate how important the dividend component of our total shareholder return is to our investors.  
 And with that, let me turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about PFAS, recent regulatory updates, affordability and rate base growth. Cheryl? 
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by turning to Slide 9 and reviewing the U.S. EPA's drinking water rule on PFAS published in April. As Susan stated, we fully support the EPA's efforts to protect drinking water quality. These contaminants are among the multiple challenges that the water industry faces regarding water quality, quantity and reliability.  We remain steadfast in our commitment to be a leader in the U.S. water and wastewater industry and a provider of solutions to these challenges. EPA's final rule was unchanged in terms of the drinking water limit of 4 parts per trillion for PFOA and PFOS. However, the federal timeline to comply was extended from 3 years to 5 years in the final rule.  The federal compliance window now includes the 2-year extension that states would have been allowed to grant the water systems for capital improvements. 
 As always, we will work with our state regulators to incorporate any additional state specific guidance related to implementing the new federal rule, including maximum contaminant level guidelines. Based upon our preliminary analysis of this new PFAS rule and assuming states don't adopt more stringent limits, we currently do not anticipate any change to our estimate of $1 billion of capital and our estimate of up to $50 million annually of operating expenses to comply with the rule.  We also do not currently expect the new limits set by the EPA for 3 additional PFAS compounds to impact these estimates. 
 Through a separate rule-making in April, U.S. EPA also designated PFOA and PFOS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. As a reminder, we continue to actively advocate and support bipartisan federal legislation that would provide PFAS liability protections under CERCLA for water and wastewater systems as passive receivers of PFAS.  Previously, we've disclosed that we remained a party to 2 settlements so far with 3M and DuPont coming out of the multi-district litigation, or MDL lawsuit. As we shared, we believe this is the best path to recouping the most dollars possible from PFAS manufacturers in an expedient manner for our customers. The MDL Court issued its final approval of the DuPont and 3M settlements in February and March of this year, respectively. The amount of proceeds to be received from each settlement is still pending.  
 Turning to Slide 10. I'll cover the latest regulatory activity in our states. In West Virginia, the Commission issued an order authorizing an additional $18 million in annualized revenues effective February 25. We also received an order for $7 million of additional revenue related to our DSIC request, effective March 1.  In Indiana, the Commission issued an order authorizing an additional $66 million in annualized revenues effective over a phased 3-step process through May 2025. They also approved a new rate design that provides 1,500 gallons of water usage at no additional cost above the fixed monthly customer charge for all water customers. The change will allow Indiana American to provide low-cost basic water service for customers on fixed incomes that use a lower volume of water than the typical residential customer. With this change, the cost for the typical residential water customer using 1,500 gallons will be approximately $20 per month. This is just one example of the many innovative ways we are addressing customer affordability.  
 Turning to active cases. You can see we have general rate cases in progress in 8 jurisdictions. All of these cases are centered around the capital investments we've made and will continue to make in these states. Our cases in California, Virginia, New Jersey and Illinois are progressing well as expected. In Illinois, the next milestones in the case will be staff and intervenor testimony in May, followed by our rebuttal in June. In New Jersey, the next milestones in the case will be staff and intervenor testimony in July, followed by our rebuttal in September and evidentiary hearings in October.  In Kentucky, we expect an order any day now as the story deadline for the Commission to act is May 7. Interim rates in Kentucky were implemented on February 6. 
 In Pennsylvania, we expect new rates to be effective in August for the case we filed last year that was driven by $1 billion of vital capital investment. The next milestones expected in the case are a proposed decision from the ALJ likely in May and a final order in July. We expect a constructive outcome that reflects the State of Pennsylvania's long-standing support for needed capital investment that improves infrastructure for the benefit of customers.  And finally, on the rate case front, just yesterday, we filed general rate cases in Iowa and Tennessee. And last week, we filed notice with the Missouri Public Service Commission that we plan to file a case by midyear. 
 On the legislative front, 3 state bills were passed and signed that will incrementally help water utilities in those states in the areas of lead service line replacements, expediency of approval of smaller acquisitions and fire hydrant maintenance.  To show the magnitude of our regulatory execution efforts, you can see on Slide 11 that we have $98 million in annualized new revenues in rates since January. This includes $43 million from general rate cases and step increases and $55 million from infrastructure surcharges. In total, we have $636 million of total annualized revenue request pending.  
 Moving to Slide 12 and a topic you've heard us cover just about every quarter, customer affordability. As we've said, we are very focused on balancing customer affordability and the magnitude of the system investments that are needed. Our industry and our company are in very good relative positions in terms of affordability or wallet share. Our system-wide average residential water customer bill is $55 to $65 per month. The investment plan we have in place will allow us to stay within our consolidated target for residential water bills of 1% or less of median household income. That analysis is supported by U.S. Census Bureau data specific to the geographies we serve that project rising levels of median household income in these communities. 
 At the same time, we realize we must continue to involve our strategies around rate design and programs to assist our customers who are challenged with affordability, as I described earlier, with what we're doing in Indiana as an example. As another example, just last month, California American Water announced an additional $8 million in bill relief for customers who faced financial hardship due to the COVID-19 pandemic. This funding comes through a California program that utilizes Federal American Rescue Plan Act funds. This brings the total benefit for challenged California American Water customers to $15 million under the program. We also continue to strongly advocate for a permanent federally funded low-income water assistance program, similar to what's been in place for many years for electric and gas utility customers. And we are continuing our focus on technology, efficiencies of scale and cost management to deliver on customer affordability especially as regulatory demand such as the final PFAS rule and the proposed lead and copper rule improvement increased capital needs.  
 Lastly, Slide 13 shows that our state and corporate leaders and their teams did a great job in the first quarter, executing on our increased capital plan. It required significant effort to safely and efficiently deliver the hundreds of projects that improved our systems and drove capital investment higher by almost $200 million in the quarter, compared to the same period last year. This result keeps us on pace to hit our goal of approximately $3.1 billion of capital investment in 2024.  The pie charts on the right side of the page speak to timely recovery and the nature of our investments across our footprint. As we share with regulators and legislators, our capital spending is driven by a risk-based strategy, balanced by a focus on affordability. For us, infrastructure renewal includes the basics of replacing older damaged pipe, but it also includes proactively meeting our standards related to lead service line replacements. 
 As we have said many times before, we firmly believe removing the risk of lead service lines over time is the right thing to do for the health and safety of our customers.  Through capital recovery mechanisms and forward test years, we can reduce regulatory lag and lessen the reliance on general rate cases. This not only helps us to seek to earn our allowed return, but also to mitigate the size of general rate increases for our customers. We expect at least 75% of capital investments over the next 5 years to be recoverable through infrastructure mechanisms and through the use of forward test years, which is the key to driving modest bill increases and to unlocking a more consistent annual earnings growth pattern for the long term.  
 With that, I'll hand it over to John to cover our financial results and plans in further detail. John? 
John Griffith: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 15, I'll provide some further insights into our financial results for the quarter. Earnings were $0.95 per share for the quarter, up $0.04 per share versus the same period in 2023. As Cheryl mentioned, we have completed rate cases recently in Indiana and West Virginia in addition to rate outcomes achieved last year and we are seeing increased revenues as a result.  And looking at O&M, production costs from increased fuel, power and chemicals as well as increased employee-related costs caused O&M to increase $0.07 per share. 
 Next, depreciation increased $0.06 per share and long-term financing costs increased $0.11 per share, both as expected in support of our investment growth. Long-term financing costs include interest on the $1 billion convertible note we issued last June and the $1.4 billion long-term senior note issued in February along with $0.04 of dilution related to the $1.7 billion of equity we issued last March.  Short-term financing provided a benefit of $0.07 per share, primarily from interest earned on the cash reserves we held during the quarter. Other net consists of net unfavorable onetime nonoperating items year-over-year. And finally, as Susan mentioned, we had $0.02 per share of additional interest income from the February 2024 amendment of the seller note related to the sale of HOS.  
 We will continue to break this out quarterly, so our investors will be able to track the ongoing growth of American Water from our core regulated strategy without this additional interest income.  
 On Slide 16, you'll see that we successfully closed on the Granite City, Illinois Wastewater Treatment Plant acquisition in the first quarter. This acquisition will help ensure we can provide high-quality service to the customers in Granite City we already serve. We continue to be set up for strong growth through acquisitions with over 60,000 customer connections and over $500 million under agreement as of quarter end. Many states in our footprint are contributing to this total, which mirrors the broad-based pipeline of opportunities we have in progress across the country.  Of the over 60,000 customers represented by signed agreements, nearly 20,000 have already been approved by the State Public Utility Commission. This includes the 15,000 customers in the Butler Area Sewer Authority, or BASA Wastewater System acquisition in Pennsylvania. We continue to expect BASA to close in the near future. This also includes the water and wastewater systems in Cape Charles, Virginia, which we closed just last week and marked the second acquisition completed under Virginia's fair market value law enacted in 2020. We look forward to serving our new Cape Charles customers.  
 As we've discussed before and as we lay out on this slide, the environment in Pennsylvania related to acquisitions is undergoing change, which we think is ultimately necessary and positive. We are very confident that the core principles of the original Act 12, fair market value law, will remain in place and continue to have good support since so much consolidation is still needed in Pennsylvania to address the underinvestment in infrastructure. In the meantime, closing of current pending transactions will likely take more time than usual, but to be clear, we are confident in our Pennsylvania acquisition pipeline.  We are continuing to invest in regulated acquisition opportunities in Pennsylvania driven by the need for system consolidation and upgrading all for the benefit of communities who deserve safe and reliable water and wastewater service.  
 Slide 17 summarizes our successful long-term debt financing completed in February. The offering was for $1.4 billion and included $700 million of 10-year notes at 5.15% and $700 million of 30-year notes at 5.45%. Our treasury team did a very nice job proactively executing on our main financing plan objective for the year amidst a challenging interest rate environment. These proceeds will fund our regulated businesses' growth and were used to pay off a maturing senior note and outstanding commercial paper of which we had a zero balance at quarter end.  Though the current higher interest rate environment is challenging, we are in a position of strength on a number of fronts in dealing with the challenge. Our strategy of issuing debt at the holding company level allows us to take advantage of our scale and pricing debt issuances, and we will remain proactive in managing risk and achieving a low cost of capital to the benefit of our customers and shareholders.  
 And finally, Slide 18 is a summary of our continued strong financial condition. In March, S&P affirmed our solid single A investment-grade credit rating and stable outlook and noted our improved FFO to debt ratio, which followed Moody's affirmation of its rating and outlook for us in January. We are confident our FFO to debt ratio will continue to support our current credit ratings.  Our total debt-to-capital ratio as of March 31 net of our $584 million of cash on hand is 56%, which is comfortably within our long-term target of less than 60%.  
 In closing, what you've heard today should sound very familiar. Our focus is on execution at every level. We believe our industry-leading EPS and dividend growth and ESG leadership will continue to be highly valued and rewarded by investors. We believe these aspects of our business and strategy separate us from all other utilities. And our execution includes the outstanding efforts by our Military Services Group to proudly serve the 18 military installations in our footprint.  
 With that, I'll turn it back over to our operator and take any questions you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan. 
Richard Sunderland: Can you hear me? 
M. Hardwick: Yes, we can. 
Richard Sunderland: Great. First, I want to start on the Pennsylvania front. With the rate case, curious about the path forward and if settlement is still an option or if litigating is just the path to close out? And then separately, on Pennsylvania, the fair market value revisions, do you see that 1.68 cap limiting willingness to sell at all? 
M. Hardwick: Yes. Good questions, Rich. I think first on the rate case, I would say probably just where we are in the process. I'd say settlement is probably unlikely at this stage. And as Cheryl, I think, outlined, we would expect some activity by the Commission here in the next probably several weeks, and then we'll wrap that case up later in the summer. So I don't expect to settle at this point. And again, we're pleased with where we are in the process related to that case. 
 On fair market value, lots going on, obviously there, and we'll continue to watch those activities. And obviously, we're involved in discussions around any potential changes that may get made. I think in terms of what impact some of those changes may have on community's interest in selling, I think it's just wait and see. I think so many of these communities need the help, and we're quite confident in our ability to help them. And I think our focus always is on coming up with the right solution for these communities, and we'll continue to do that. So we'll certainly work with whatever framework that is provided to us by regulators and legislators in this respect. 
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Appreciate the commentary there. And then separately, on Slide 9, the latest around these new circular designations, curious how you view litigation risk under these new classifications or anything we should be thinking about on the litigation front, given the commentary around the liability protections that you also referenced? 
M. Hardwick: Yes. And Cheryl certainly can weigh in here too. I think our view is we'll continue to be proactive here in trying to get resolution to a CERCLA designation. But we're also just confident in our ability to execute our plan here to be compliant with the rules. We've been doing it for some time in many of our jurisdictions already. So we're quite confident in our plans and don't expect this to be a huge risk for us. Cheryl, anything you want to add? 
Cheryl Norton: Yes, I would just add that we're working really hard on the legislative front to get the language fixed so that we are protected from those CERCLA rules, and we'll continue down that path. We've had lots of conversations with EPA around this, and their intent is not for us to be impacted by that, but those conversations will continue until we get to a solution that we're all really comfortable with. 
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: I do want to go back to Pennsylvania rate case. I understand the sensitivity around it, but there are just a number of issues raised in it by I mean many intervenors, the commission itself about how often you file rate cases, the allowed ROE? I mean you guys mentioned a number of other rate cases that seem to be going smoothly, but I'm just wondering if there's -- if there are any thoughts about a change in the strategy of still how often you file rate cases, any impact of these comments that you're seeing on the level of capital investments, especially in Pennsylvania. Again, I don't think that we've ever seen filings like these in Pennsylvania. 
M. Hardwick: Yes, Angie, it's a good question. And again, we remain very confident in our plans, both in terms of how we execute them and the regulatory process that supports the work that we're doing in the State of Pennsylvania. There's just tremendous need in the State of Pennsylvania as there is in many of the jurisdictions that we operate in. So our focus on investment is really around the need for infrastructure improvement and we'll continue to do that work. I think the Pennsylvania case is a great example of that. We spent over $1 billion or will have spent over $1 billion in that case, and it's all focused on rate base growth. It is all focused on infrastructure renewal and replacement and the necessary work to be done in the State of Pennsylvania to bring these systems up to appropriate standards so that we can consistently provide safe and reliable water service. 
 So we're -- again, we remain very confident in our plan and our ability to navigate the regulatory arena. And there is, of course, some observation around the speed with which we're filing these cases, and I think it is directly tied to the pace of our spend. We've really increased the level of spend, again, driven by the need. And when you really look at the time line of this case, it's really not much different than other water peers in the state of Pennsylvania. We may be ahead just a bit by than our nearest competitor in the state, but not by much in terms of pace. And so I don't think it's that unusual. And again, it's all driven by the need for investment and the work that we're doing to improve the quality of service in the State of Pennsylvania. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. And then just one other point, which is being mentioned is the inclusion of a pending acquisition in that rate case. I thought that, that's happened in the past. So I'm a little bit surprised that this is a point that is being raised. And I'm wondering if this has anything to do with the changes that are happening to Act 12. You guys referenced that it could take longer for to get regulatory approvals for some of these pending acquisitions. And I'm assuming that, that is in response to those questions being raised in this rate case. But I'm just wondering, again, going forward, how do you expect actually these many deals to be approved or reflected in rates? 
M. Hardwick: Yes. I think it's probably a fair assumption to say that all of this is getting a bit tied together. The landscape around the potential legislative changes in fair market value, I think, do sort of spill over into the rate case analysis a bit. And to be clear, we included in this case, acquisitions that we have approved and expected to close during this period of time. And so as the commission sorts through that, obviously, they've got to take into consideration the status of those acquisitions and their findings in the case, which we would fully expect them to do. 
 I think on a go-forward basis, we wouldn't expect there to be really any change in how we consider acquisitions in future rate cases. 
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. 
Gregg Orrill: More of a general question just in might have covered this before, but on sort of the impact of with so many discussions are around these days, just data center presence and how that impacts your growth and any constraints that, that has on your business? 
M. Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. Cheryl, you want to talk about any preliminary thoughts we have about potential water usage in some of these large data center moves. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes, Gregg, we haven't seen a big uptake in the amount of water that our customers are asking for related to the data center moves at all. So we're thinking that's a minimal impact for us unlike our electric utility peers. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Aditya Gandhi with Wolfe Research. 
Aditya Gandhi: Can you hear me? 
M. Hardwick: We can. 
Aditya Gandhi: Just on the PFAS legislation that you're advocating for, could you give us some color on whether it's attached to other related bills? And if there's any sort of milestones we should be watching for there? And then could you also just explain what steps you're taking to sort of secure support on both sides of the aisle as it relates to legislation. 
M. Hardwick: Sure. Yes. Cheryl, do you want to take that? 
Cheryl Norton: Yes, sure. So there has been legislation filed both on the Senate and the House side that it's the Water Systems PFAS Liability Act. On the house side, it's 7944 and I'm trying to see -- I don't have the Senate number, but this act would help protect us along with some other industries as a passive receiver and so we work really hard on both sides of the aisle all the time to connect with our legislators and also educate them on the real issues at hand. We've had some really great conversations on the Hill and are hopeful that this still will continue to move forward both in the House and the Senate, so that we can push this forward. And I think you would just watch for the key things like getting out of committee, getting a floor vote. And so we'll continue to push that forward and update you in these calls as things unfold there. 
M. Hardwick: And Cheryl, it is stand-alone, right? There's nothing else defined. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes. It's not tied to anything else except to try to protect passive users or passive receivers from this liability. 
Aditya Gandhi: Right. That's helpful. And maybe just 1 follow-up there. Is there a particular timeline by which you're expecting this legislation to either pass or by when -- by when should we know whether this thing is going to pass or not? 
Cheryl Norton: Yes. I think it's impossible to anticipate the timeline. We would love to say it will be all completed by the next couple of months, but it could take much longer. The political process is really challenging at times. So we think we've got good support, and we'll continue to push on it as fast as we can, but there's just no timeline for it. 
M. Hardwick: We do think it probably helps a bit that we now have the final rules out. We've been working on this particular angle for quite some time even before the final rule was published. So now that the final rule is here, that sort of eliminates one reason why legislators didn't want to take this issue up. If they were waiting to see what the final rule was, and that was sort of an excuse to not address this issue, I think that's been removed from their list of reasons not to move. So hopefully, that helps, and we'll see continued movement here. 
Cheryl Norton: Yes. And in addition, the EPA said that they want to be able to use discretion. So part of this is some discretionary flexibility for them because they did not intend by designating these compounds as hazardous substances that it would apply to water and wastewater utilities. So they're planning to use discretion, but we think it's a much tighter protection to have this legislation. So we'll continue to pursue that in addition to working with EPA. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. That concludes our conference call today. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-15 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I'd now like to introduce you to your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Dave. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the fourth quarter earnings release and in our 2023 Form 10-K, each filed yesterday with the SEC.. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. After our prepared remarks, we'll then close by answering your questions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to American Waters' President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron. Good morning, everyone. As we announced yesterday, we finished 2023 with very strong financial results that were right on plan. As shown on slide five, earnings were $4.90 per share for the year, which included $0.13 per share of favorable weather, most of which we discussed earlier in the year. Excluding the estimated weather impact, earnings of $4.77 per share were at the midpoint of the guidance rates we shared originally back in November of 2022. I'm very proud of our company's ability to stay focused on serving our customers safely and reliably through numerous economic events this past year, which gave us the ability to confidently execute on the plan we had for 2023. I'm also proud of the resilient service we consistently deliver, and especially over the past few months during a cold January and active storm season across the country. I want to thank our employees for safely providing reliable service to the 14 million people we serve in their homes, businesses, and communities. You can see here on slide five an abbreviated list of some of our key accomplishments in 2023, and John and Cheryl will add to these in their remarks. Overall, we believe the takeaway today for investors is that our strong execution in 2023 amid the challenging macro backdrop coupled with our clear top-tier growth plan demonstrates American Water's ability to deliver on our long-term plan. I'm very confident we will execute our plans in 2024 and beyond with the great momentum we have from 2023. Turning to slide six. As you can see, we have delivered an excellent total shareholder return over the past five and ten years, including our growing record of significant dividend increases. We're proud of this history, which compares very favorably to other utilities. I want to acknowledge, though, that our stock and utility stocks in general did not perform nearly as well as the S&P 500 in 2023, which dampened the outperformance we've had versus the S&P 500 over the last decade or so. Relative valuations of utility stocks fell without regard to specific performance, all of that while we continued our very strong performance. I'm confident our company's fundamentals and the execution of our strategies will continue to produce superior shareholder value and very competitive total shareholder returns for years to come, which takes us to slide seven. The comments that we'll share today are largely an affirmation of the financial plan, long-term targets, and guidance we laid out last November, highlighted by 7% to 9% EPS and dividend growth. Later, John will recap the drivers for our growth in 2024, including the increase to our EPS guidance range that we announced yesterday. Big picture, though, we believe the combination of our EPS and dividend growth, our low-risk capital plan, our ESG leadership, and the affordability of our service continues to be rewarded by investors and distinguishes us from other utilities in the sector. I'll remind you that we believe the runway for our growth and for achieving these targets is very long, certainly through 2028 in our five-year plan and beyond that. This, of course, is driven by significant investments in infrastructure and acquisitions coupled with our track record of constructive regulatory outcomes, all with a keen focus on affordability. And on top of all of that, we continue to grow organically, including in our military services business that successfully serves 18 military installations across the country. One final thought I want to leave you with as we begin 2024. American Water continues to receive tremendous support at the state and federal level for the work we do across the country. The impact we are making in communities across our 14 states to improve water and wastewater service is critical to the well-being of the citizens we are proud to serve. And as we've told you many times, we are committed to solving local infrastructure issues while at the same time driving efficiencies in our business to remain very affordable to our customers. Policymakers frequently encourage our leadership to keep growing, keep investing, and keep solving problems in their states. And this includes Pennsylvania, where we applaud the Public Utility Commission's proposal on February 1 to enhance the process around the implementation of fair market value legislation. We believe the spirit of the enhancements is to increase public awareness and establish greater procedural consistency, all in support of much-needed consolidation of the common wealth water and wastewater systems. While the business of providing these critical services can at times lead to enhancements in the way we do business, including in the regulatory construct, we have no doubt about the overwhelmingly positive support we receive from stakeholders as we pursue our company's mission. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about rate-based growth, our regulatory plan, and some recent news around lead service lines. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, Susan and good morning, everyone. Let me start by turning to slide 9, where these graphs illustrate that our continued successful execution of our capital investment plan is succeeding in growing regulated rate base consistent with our long-term rate of 8% to 9%. Rate-based growth, of course, will drive earnings growth. We believe the high degree of visibility to our capital investment plan, combined with the low-risk nature of the plan, uniquely positions American Water in the utility sector and is fundamental to our investment thesis. Turning to slide 10, I'll cover the latest regulatory activity in our states, beginning with our most recently filed cases. In Pennsylvania, we filed a general rate case in November and are seeking recovery of $1 billion of investments. The case is proceeding as planned, including testimony and evidentiary hearings that are scheduled for February and March, with rates still expected to be effective in August. As a reminder, Pennsylvania uses a forward test year for rate-making purposes. In New Jersey, we filed a general rate case in January and are seeking recovery of over $1.3 billion of investments through December 2024. This case includes, for example, infrastructure improvement projects at all seven of our surface water treatment plants in the state. We expect the New Jersey case to be completed sometime later this fall. We also filed a general rate case last month in Illinois, where we have invested over $550 million since our last case. Our general rate cases in California, West Virginia, and Virginia are all progressing well and as expected. In California, we reached a partial settlement in the case in November related to the revenue request. We will prepare to implement the new rates retroactively to January 1, 2024, upon receiving the CPUC's decision on the settlement agreement and outstanding topics related to rate design and revenue stabilization mechanisms. Our request for a one-year extension on the cost of capital was also granted, pushing the next filing out to May of 2025. In Indiana, we received a final order just yesterday, and it looks very constructive. We are currently evaluating it and will share key takeaways in the next day or two, but overall, we're generally pleased. Finally, in Kentucky, we expect to receive a final order very soon. As a reminder, we expect to file general rate cases about every two years in our larger jurisdictions. Because we make prudent investments and have skilled and dedicated employees working on these cases, we're very confident in obtaining constructive outcomes again in 2024, as we did in 2023. On the legislative front, in New Jersey, new legislation supporting capital investment was passed and was signed by the governor in January. The Resiliency and Environmental System Investment Sharge, or RESIC for short, establishes a new regulatory mechanism that will enable water and wastewater utilities to recover in a more timely manner capital spending related to investments in resiliency, environmental compliance, safety, and public health. This includes capital related to PFAS remediation. In fact, most of our states where PFAS is present, there are either existing environmental mechanisms that we believe PFAS investments will fit under, or we're proactively advocating for such mechanisms. To show the magnitude of our regulatory execution efforts, you can see on slide 11 that we have $390 million in annualized new revenues and rates since January of 2023. This includes $273 million from general rate cases and step increases and $117 million from infrastructure surSharges. We also have $670 million of total annualized revenue requests pending. As a reminder, American Water recovers about 75% of our overall capital spend through infrastructure mechanisms or forward test years, which greatly reduces regulatory lag. Alongside all of the investments we're making, we remain extremely focused on customer affordability and operating efficiently. We are continuing to evolve our strategies around rate design and programs to assist our customers who are challenged with affordability. We are also continuing our focus on technology, efficiencies of scale, and cost management to deliver on customer affordability, especially as the regulatory demands of the proposed PFAS rule and lead and copper rule improvements drive increases on our capital program. On slide 12, I'd like to cover our recent announcements regarding the US EPA's proposed lead and copper rule improvements. Like PFAS, we think clear rules are important and should be enforced for all providers. American Water consistently meets water quality standards related to the lead and copper rules across our footprint and believes removing the risk of lead service lines over time is the right thing to do for the health and safety of our customers. But also like PFAS, we believe all stakeholders must understand the costs associated with the proposed improvements to the lead and copper rule and that the EPA estimates are likely understated. The cost to identify the material of all unknown service lines and replace all lead service lines, including the customer-owned lines and galvanized lines were needed by 2037 will require significant investment for all water systems. We are currently developing preliminary estimates based on the proposed rule. Unlike PFAS, though, the expected timeline for complying with the lead and copper rule improvements is much longer, so the impact on capital spend will be more gradual. Providing safe, reliable, and affordable water is American Water's business. We continue to work with the EPA, Congress, regulators, and policymakers to ensure that the implementation of any final standards protect customers, communities, and the general public. As I close on slide 13, you can see that our five-year capital plan, which is unchanged from November, has $1 billion for PFAS and approximately $500 million for lead service line replacements. We have been proactively investing about $100 million per year to replace lead service lines for several years now and expect to continue that level at least through 2030 or beyond. Depending on the EPA's requirements in the final lead and copper rule improvements, such as for customer-owned service lines, our annual investment level may need to be revised and likely over a longer period of time. Also, we are still awaiting a final rule from the U.S. EPA on PFAS. We continue to expect that there will be no material changes to the proposed rule, and we have not changed any of our announced plans or estimates from last November related to PFAS compliance. We continue to treat for PFAS in compliance with state regulations, and we continue to prepare for full compliance with the new federal rule once released. Previously, we have disclosed that we are a party to the multi-district litigation, or MDL, lawsuit in U.S. District Court for the District of South Carolina against manufacturers of certain PFAS, like 3M and DuPont, for damages. In early December, there were deadlines to decide whether or not to remain partly to the two potential settlements with manufacturers, and we did remain a party to both settlements. We believe this is the optimal path to recouping the most dollars possible from PFAS manufacturers in an expedient manner for our customers. On February 8, the MDL Court issued its final approval of the DuPont settlement. We will now begin the process of perfecting our claims under the settlement within the time period provided by the MDL. A fairness hearing on the 3M settlement was held on February 2. This matter remains pending. In closing, it's important for investors to understand that the ever-changing regulatory environment is leading to significant industry challenges, including those related to lead and PFAS, but also with issues like cyber-security, for example. Each change on its own is significant, but the layering effect of all these changes is even more dramatic. The expertise we bring to the table to solve these challenges is well recognized across the states where we operate and sets us apart from others. It's a privilege and a great responsibility to deliver safe, clean, reliable, and affordable services to our customers and communities. With that, I'll hand it over to John to cover our financial results and plans in further detail. John?
John Griffith: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 15, let me provide a few more details on financial results for 2023. The appendix also has details of fourth quarter EPS. Consolidated earnings were $4.90 per share in 2023, up $0.39 per share compared to 2022, and up $0.32 per share on a weather-normalized basis. Increased revenues were driven by general rate cases we completed in late 2022 and early 2023 in our larger states. These additional revenues are driven by the significant investments we've made and continue to make in our systems. As noted, earnings were higher in 2023 by an estimated net $0.13 per share as a result of weather in the second, third, and fourth quarters due to warm and dry conditions primarily in Missouri, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania. This compares to net favorable weather in the third quarter of 2022 of $0.06 per share, which related mostly to warm and dry conditions in New Jersey. In looking at operating costs, higher pension expense of about $0.13 per share and increased chemical costs of about $0.11 per share, including inflationary pressures, are being recovered in large part through higher revenues we proactively sought in general rate cases we completed in the last 12 months to 18 months. In the fourth quarter, we also had higher costs of about $0.10 per share related to waste disposal, equipment repairs, tank painting, and other maintenance costs across our footprint. Supporting our investment growth, depreciation expense increased $0.24 per share, and the cost of additional long-term financing increased $0.38 per share, primarily related to share count dilution. As I have mentioned all year, the EPS impact of the higher share count from our equity issuance back in early March was offset by avoided interest on the year. An additional benefit realized this year from the equity issuance is the interest income we have been earning from the cash balance held since March. Other reflects primarily post-closing acquisition adjustments in 2022 from the sales of HOS in New York, which added to EPS. Turning to slide 16, you will see we continue to be set up for strong growth through acquisitions. We closed on '23 acquisitions totaling $77 million across eight states in 2023. We also have 25 transactions under agreement across seven states at year end, totaling $589 million and 88,000 customer connections. This total includes both the Butler Area Sewer Authority wastewater system in Pennsylvania and the Granite City wastewater treatment plant in Illinois. We are very close to completing the Granite City acquisition where we already provide wastewater collection service for approximately 12,000 customers. In Pennsylvania, as Susan briefly discussed, the regulatory environment relating to acquisitions is undergoing change, which we think is ultimately necessary and positive, but will take a period of time to sort out. We are very confident that Act 12 fair market value legislation will remain in place and continue to have strong support. As is often the case, implementation of legislation needs to be worked through in the regulatory arena, and that is what is happening now. In the meantime, closing of our current pending transactions will likely take more time than usual, but to be clear, we are confident that the previously approved Butler acquisition will close soon. We are continuing to invest in regulated acquisition opportunities in Pennsylvania, driven by the continued need for system consolidation and upgrading for the benefit of communities in Pennsylvania who deserve safe and reliable water and wastewater service. As you know, we have a strong track record of closing acquisitions. Over the past five years, we have closed over 100 acquisitions across 12 states, totaling nearly 200,000 new customer connections. Of course, as we close transactions, the work to build and refill our acquisition pipeline is continuous. Our pipeline of more than 1.3 million customer connections with meaningful contributions from across our platform continues to be a strong leading indicator that supports this piece of our rate-based growth outlook. As you recall, in November, we introduced our long-term target of 2% annual customer growth from acquisitions, as shown on slide 7. This equates to about 70,000 acquired customers per year, based on our current customer count of approximately 3.5 million customers. We are proactively investing in our capabilities across our platform to bolster our system-wide contribution to acquisitions to support this growth and are confident in meeting our 2% long-term target. Turning to slide 17, here we show the buildup from 2023 weather-normalized actual to the 2024 EPS guidance range of $5.10 to $5.20 that we introduced last November, which reflects 8% growth at the midpoint of $5.15. Working from that same buildup, yesterday, we announced an increase of $0.10 per share to our 2024 EPS guidance range, which is now $5.20 to $5.30 per share. The increase is due solely to additional interest income we will receive in 2024 and expect to receive annually through 2026 from the amended terms of the secured seller note from the sale of HOS. As we described in the 8-K we filed on February 5, the note balance has been increased to $795 million from $720 million, which satisfies payment of a contingent consideration owed to American Water of $75 million, triggered by the extension of HOS's service agreement with the New York City Water Board. In addition, reflecting current market interest rates and removal of American Water's option to require prepayment of the note at a future date, the annual interest rate on the note has been increased from 7% to 10%. American Water is pleased to see the continued growth of the HOS business under its new ownership, including the service contract extension with New York City, as well as the significant acquisition recently announced by HOS, which will be funded with new equity from HOS's owners. As it relates to future earnings guidance, it will be important for investors to be able to track the ongoing growth of American Water from its core regulated strategy before this additional interest income. Therefore, when we provide forward year EPS guidance each November, we will be sure to note the EPS associated with the additional interest income from the secured seller note in that guidance. To wrap up, slide 18 is a summary of our continued strong financial condition, which we further solidified in 2023. Just last month, Moody's affirmed our solid Baa1 investment grade credit rating and stable outlook and noted our improved FFO to debt ratio. We are confident our FFO to debt ratios will continue to support our current credit ratings. Our total debt to capital ratio as of December 31, net of our roughly $330 million of cash on hand is 55%, which is comfortably within our long-term target of less than 60%. While having moderated somewhat, the current higher interest rate environment continues to be challenging. As I said in November, though, we are in a position of strength on a number of fronts in dealing with this challenge. Our strategy of issuing debt at the holding company level allows us to take advantage of our scale and pricing debt issuances, and we will remain proactive in managing risk and achieving a low cost of capital to the benefit of our customers and shareholders. With that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning. Yes, I don't usually lead off with sort of an M&A question, but I know John loves talking about M&A, and we saw that in the prepared remarks. And obviously, it's timely given the Eversource news yesterday where they essentially put a querying on the block. Can you speak maybe to your appetite for larger inorganic opportunities and specifically any geographic aversions to the Northeast in light of the developments yesterday?
Susan Hardwick: Thank you. Yes, Shar, I think it's a great question. Obviously, we saw the news as well, and John certainly can comment more. I'd say, first of all, of course, we don't comment on any activity in the M&A space of that nature. I think for us, it continues to be our standards that we've shared. We have to be confident in the ability to grow. We have to have confidence in regulatory environments, confidence in policy, support in any jurisdiction that we're currently in or other jurisdictions we may be looking at. So I think that's always the gate at which we evaluate opportunities. So I'd probably just say that. John, any additional comments from your side?
John Griffith: Well said.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just a follow-on. I know you're still kind of working through some of the ins and outs lead and copper rule. Is there even a general CapEx upside amount you could give us to think about would the spend sort of be additive in your view to the current plan? Or would it shift out some spend out like we saw with -- obviously, with PFAS spend on the last update.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Shar, let me again sort of generally answer and then Cheryl can add to it. I think it's -- first of all, it's sort of too early to be able to give any additional guidance around impacts to our overall plan. I think the important thing to remember here is it is over a much longer period of time than what we're seeing with the PFAS rules, for example. So it will give us more time to figure out what the actual impacts are to the plant, give us more opportunity to look at opportunity to move other projects around to sort of accommodate whatever spend we think maybe incremental here for us. So we just probably need a little bit more time to sort through it and then we can give a clearer guidance. Again, as Cheryl said in her prepared remarks, we know it will be significant. I don't think it will have the dramatic impact on our plan for shorter-term windows like we saw with PFAS, for example. Cheryl, anything you want to add to that?
Cheryl Norton: Yes. The only thing I would add, Shar, is just that we have been making really good progress in that space and we'll continue to be focused on removing our lead service lines and the customer lead service line where they exist. But this is a more inclusive rule that, as Susan said, is over a longer period of time, so we'll continue to look at how we can layer that in.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think just to sort of punch line on that one, and Cheryl again made the comment in her prepared remarks, this is about unknown service lines, unknown material, and it is about customer owns. So as we've been working through our own program of replacing our lines, now we have the added requirement to look at unknown pipe and customer service lines. So that's why it gets bigger. And then again, the long-term time horizon to deal with it, I think, is also important to keep note of.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. 
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for giving me time. Hey, just… Morning. Good morning, Susan. Just I hate to go back to the M&A. I know you're kind of going to be very limited in what you can say. But we've been getting a ton of questions on this. So I just want to be clear about something. In your seat, your peers generally describe M&A as a high hurdle rate, right, with the organic growth opportunities that they have as a company. How would you characterize the Connecticut water assets? Are these ones -- one-of-a-kind assets, those large assets that don't often come to markets extremely attractive? Or would you say the M&A opportunity is still a high hurdle rate versus the organic CapEx that you have? And I don't want to put words in your mouth, but I just want to see how you're thinking about it.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Durgesh, I'll tell you at the outset, you're not going to be happy with my answer because I'm not going to sort of go into a whole lot of detail here. I think -- our focus continues to be on the communities and the states that we currently operate in. And as you know, we're in 14 different states. We think there are just a significant number of opportunities in those states, and we're going to continue to focus on that. As you would expect anyone to do, we'll take a look at this kind of an opportunity as everyone would, but I think, again, our screens are the critical thing you should focus on. Regulatory environment, legislative environment, business climate and the ability to grow and that we're always going to look at opportunities from that perspective.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Susan, I appreciate that. Maybe then switching gears. Can you just update us on the Pennsylvania rate case, the commission, I think, came out in December, I think they may have suspended the rate case schedule. Maybe just talk to that, what does that mean? What are the next steps there, please?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Cheryl, I think laid out the details around timing. We've disclosed the size of the case, et cetera. Sort of big picture for me on this case. As is the case really with all of our general rate cases we have in progress, it's all about investment. We're not trying to do anything tricky in any of these cases, no significant policy changes from our perspective. This is simply about investment. That's what this Pennsylvania case is about and we'll continue to work through the process. There are no indications of any issues associated with this case as we work through the process, and we'll continue to to stay on that path. I'd say that's generally the case on all of our jurisdictions, all the cases that we have on file today. We've been signalling this, I think, for quite some time that the expectation to be in for general rate cases on this roughly 2-year cycle. We've been saying that for probably two, three years now, and this is just the continuation of that program. And it's all really driven again by our investment -- the pace of our investment, we've been increasing our capital spend plan for a number of years now to really address the needs that exist in the communities that we serve. And I think our regulatory strategy is consistent with that approach. So Pentyvania is no different than any other state in terms of our approach to it, and we'll continue to work the process there like we always do and we think Pennsylvania again, is a very constructive state, and we're confident in our ability to work through that case.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Just a quick follow-up there, Susan, -- like do does the procedure like the steps in the rate case in terms of testimony, intervenor testimony and all that stuff. Does that go along as planned with the suspension? Or is that on pause? I might have seen something that maybe on pause. I'm not sure if.
Susan Hardwick: No, no change. Yes, no change. It's on schedule and on the normal process.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport. Please go ahead.
Agnieszka Storozynski: Good morning. I'm going to ask about Illinois first. I mean we have some very bad outcomes, regulatory outcomes on the electric and gas side in the states. You have a case there where we're already seeing some noise around it. So I'm just wondering how -- if there is any lesson learned from what happened in December and if you've incorporated that into the current timing? And then secondly, on PFAS, so we're seeing some lawsuits against investor-owned utilities on the back of PFAS. I understand that you've mentioned that you've been in compliance and going beyond requirements, but I'm just wondering how you manage this risk.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Again, let me sort of start off here. On Illinois, I would take my answer to Pennsylvania and insert the word, Illinois. We are proceeding there as scheduled with no significant issues in that case. It is about investment, and we'll continue to process that case like we always would. Certainly, there is noise around the electric and gas industry cases there. We think, again, our cases are different in that they are about investment only, and we're confident in our ability to continue to work through that case as well. On PFAS, Cheryl, you might just actually want to comment on Illinois, if you like. And then on PFAS. There's obviously a lot going on here, too. I think the litigation environment around this is probably not surprising. There'll be all sorts of plaintiffs' attorneys looking for an angle here. And I think that's probably what mostly you're referring to and what we're seeing. But Cheryl, anything you want to add on either of these topics?
Cheryl Norton: Yes. I would just say, Susan, you were completely accurate on Illinois. We built a really strong case based on capital investment and we feel good about that case and the process. We're just going to go through the process there, the way we normally would. As far as the PFAS stuff, I do believe that there -- we've seen some lawsuits out there, Angie, as you mentioned. But we've been working really hard both to make sure that we're in compliance with all the rules that are out there that we're being proactive in our approach. But we're also working with EPA on the CRC designation and working at the federal level to try to get protections for water utilities all across the U.S. because we believe that we shouldn't be held accountable for polluted waters that are coming to us, and we're doing everything we possibly can to treat for that pollutant. And so we think that we should be protected from that. So we're going to continue to work in that vein and in that space and being part of the MDL, that's one step in that process to get recovery from the people who caused the solution in the first place.
Operator: Next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thank you very much for the time. I appreciate it. And nicely done on the guidance here, I got to say. Maybe actually, to that point on guidance, given the bump here. Just with respect to resetting higher the CAGR going forward, I just want to recognize that this goes through '26. Implicitly, could we say this is a statement of confidence through the forecast period? Or is this more nuance to the specific 3-year forecast period, '25, '24 to '26 here, if you will?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think we've tried to be clear, Julien, on the sort of duration of this additional interest we'll have on the note. But John, do you want to comment on this further?
John Griffith: Yes, I think you've got it right, Julian. It's -- think of this as an increase over our ongoing guidance for that period through '26. And that's -- but we've not made changes as we tried to describe in our comments from our original guidance on the regulated strategy from back in November?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Yes, understood. I just wanted to clarify that extra clear. With respect to Illinois here, obviously, you've got this case out there, there's a certain degree of attention. Can you comment a little bit about maybe some of the rate mitigation factors, what other pieces could help offset some of the rate increases to customers in Illinois? And any other mitigating factors and circumstances around that case that we can speak to here, for instance.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I'll comment on sort of overall strategy on that point. I think we treat Illinois the same as we do our other states. I mean we've been very focused on mechanisms or approaches to regulatory solutions that will help lessen and mitigate the direct impact of inflationary cost pension and other things, we've done that via trackers, we've done that via deferrals, and we've done that sort of across many of our jurisdictions, and we have a good amount of those costs actually, frankly, already sort of dealt with and embedded in rate structures across our territory. In Illinois, really no different than that. And as Cheryl said, we're just not experiencing other issues currently in that case. Now we obviously have to finish it. We have to get through the rest of the procedural schedule. And work through any issues that may come up. But we're not anticipating anything materially different there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Excellent. And then lastly, just going back to the M&A point you were making earlier. I thought you were pretty clear about this. It needs to be accretive and/or provide robust visible growth. I just want to make sure I'm hearing you right about the growth piece there in terms of a key element in ingredient.
Susan Hardwick: Well, I don't know that I said it has to be accretive. Are you -- I guess you're talking about the M&A piece. I think, again, I'll just repeat it. I think our view is that for us to look at new jurisdictions, it has to be productive, regulatory, legislative business environment. And the opportunity for growth, and I really, I guess, was referring to sort of footprint growth there. And obviously, you would apply a meaningful financial contribution from that too. So it's the same screens we've always had. It's the same dialogue we've always had on potential expansion into other territories. So I don't think this particular situation changes anything about how we feel about growth in other jurisdictions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just going back to lastly on that FMV piece, you guys commented extensible here, but just the time line on getting that clarity there. And you talked about being a little bit more protracted. Just how does this sort of at least from a process perspective, finally get to some resolution as far as you guys are concerned? And then prospects on expanding it even from there, given where we stand.
Susan Hardwick: Well, Julian, you're going to have to help me. On the first part of your question, I'm not sure what you're referring to.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Well, just on the fair market value just in terms of potentially taking a little bit longer yes, indeed.
Susan Hardwick: I got you. I just didn't hear the first part. Yes, I think that, as I said in my remarks, and John expanded on a bit, I think that what the PUC has done in Pennsylvania is actually quite helpful. And I've got a lot of experience in the regulatory world over the last 40 years or so. I've seen many pieces of legislation enacted, and I've seen many situations where commissions have to work through the implementation of that legislation. And I think that's exactly what we're doing here. And as we said, we applaud the commission for taking this approach and really being thoughtful about it and understanding the importance of this legislation to the larger strategy in the Commonwealth. So I think the steps that are being taken make good sense. Now having said that, we do have to continue to work through how those guidelines ultimately may be employed. But we think it's just helpful. And we'll give a framework for all of us to be able to work more productively in. Now having said that also, we do have to sort out what it means in terms of timing, and we've got a number of cases, acquisitions that we're working on in Pennsylvania through the regulatory and approval process, and it's obviously impacting that a bit currently, but we expect that to clear soon and be able to get back on our way here.
Operator: Next question Comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please go ahead.
Anthony Crowdell: Just a quick housekeeping question after Julien. You talked about the HOS note in the income, and you're very clear about that, that's more -- or not much of an ongoing earnings number. I think you talked about maybe it rolls off in 2026. When we move forward post '26, should we think about additional rate base that maybe backfills that on a more linear growth rate? Or -- and I know $0.10 of a $5 in some number is very small, but just does something backfill that to keep their earnings trajectory pretty linear?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think you hit on it, Anthony, there at the end. It's not terribly material. We think this is a great benefit from a cash flow perspective. The additional interest is nice to have. We think the certainty associated with that contingent payment we had on the New York contract extension is quite helpful now to have that secured. So we think there's just a variety of things about the restructuring that made a lot of sense for us that don't necessarily translate into any material impact to our overall plan. So long answer to your question, we would not expect there to be a need for finding additional capital to sort of fill in that very minor hole that this $0.10 will create.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And just if I could squeeze one more. And it's -- it's to Cheryl's comments earlier and unfortunately, it looks like most of the Q&A has been sidetracked by Eversource question. So I'm not asking an Eversource question. Just when Cheryl talked about the increased needs on water systems, cybersecurity, you just think of that, is that maybe a foreshadow to that maybe the smaller bolt-on acquisitions may come at a greater frequency because of the requirements that are being -- the compliance requirements that are being put on these smaller systems, was that where that was headed?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think this is an area we've tried to signal, I think, for the last several discussions we've been having, and I think really probably what prompted that even was PFAS as an example. We see that as just another area that may be difficult for some of these smaller systems to be able to manage, both from an investment standpoint as well as an expertise standpoint. Cyber is another great example. Interest rates is another great example. I mean, the list just gets longer, not shorter for these communities to sort of have to deal with. And from our perspective, we have always been very focused on trying to define what the need is for a community and helping satisfy those needs. And again, from an M&A perspective or an acquisition perspective, as that list gets longer, it creates more opportunity for us to have that dialogue and work with communities to solve those kinds of problems. So yes, we think it does have upside to our acquisition strategy. It’s probably not a Tsunami though to use a water term. It's probably a much sort of longer-term impact I think it takes a bit of time for communities to sort of wrestle with these issues and determine impacts to them before the ready to make a move. So again, we use these kinds of issues in our discussions. I think it will take some time before we see any measurable impact directly related to these issues.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning. Good morning, Steve.
Steven Fleishman: Not an M&A question, so the -- a couple of things on the HOS changes. So -- just the -- thinking about the shift in the interest rate on the note 7%, 10%, which is great; I mean that's a pretty high rate to pay for the seller and I guess, I guess soon to get rid of the prepayment. And so I guess I'm just wondering how do I think about just making sure that, that seller in terms of getting paid back, getting paid.
Susan Hardwick: Great question, Steve.  Yes. John, do you want to take this question?
John Griffith: Sure. From a credit perspective, we stay very close to the HOS business. We're, in fact, a partner. And as lender, we're constantly in touch with the business. The company has evolved, the credit has improved. Extending the New York contract is a significantly positive credit move and as I mentioned in my comments, the company is currently making an acquisition with new equity funding from their owners as well as cash on their balance sheet. So we do have covenants. They've remained in compliance with the covenants. And in fact, we've taken the opportunity to tighten covenants as well. But when you look at the underlying business, it's frankly doing better than it ever has. So we feel very, very good about the underlying credit here.
Steven Fleishman: Okay. Does the owner, does the private -- does the firm back it up to? Or is it just the business back up paying the rest?
John Griffith: Yes. No, the owner backs it up, and that's what I was trying to say. So when there's fresh equity coming into the business to make this acquisition, that's coming from APAC who owns the business.
Steven Fleishman: Got it. And then just -- I know you have that sharing mechanism, too for the business. Could you just maybe let us know kind of how much income you made on the sharing mechanism part in, let's say, 2023 or 20 -- Yes.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Steve, I don't know if we had that disclosed. Is it separate in the 10-K? Yes. Steve, we can point you to it. I'll have Aaron follow back up with you to point you to it. But I think it is in the 10-K, which obviously, we filed last night. And this is the revenue-sharing mechanism you're referring to, where we collect the share of the revenue that's generated from the warranty work that they're doing in our various state jurisdictions where we have contracts. Yes. So Aaron will redirect you to that.
Steven Fleishman: Last on the Pennsylvania case, I think two of the commissioners sent a letter at the beginning of the case, just kind of framing it. I'm not sure -- is that abnormal would you say? Or is that normal for your Pennsylvania cases? How would you characterize that?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I would say it's probably not necessarily customary, but again, we think that this case is proceeding as it should. We don't really see, again, any issues here. It's a big case. I mean it's $1 billion worth of investment and we were in just a little under two years ago on this case. So it's certainly material. And again, solely driven by investment in the jurisdictions that we -- or the communities that we serve there.
Operator: Next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning, team. I just wanted to come back to EA and the fair market value stuff, do you anticipate that all the changes to the fair market value will come via the commission process? Or do you think some of the bills in the legislature will make it across the finish line?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Our view is that this is the best path and the likely path to sort of resolve issues around fair market value in Pennsylvania. Again, I think this is normal practice. And I'm not speaking specific to Pennsylvania. I'm just saying normal in my 40 years of experience, this happens fairly regularly where commissions are charged with interpreting legislation and applying the provisions of it. And that's what I think this commission is doing, and I think they took a very proactive step here to do exactly what you're talking about to resolve the issues and be able to effectively implement the legislation. I think there's no one -- well, I shouldn't say no one. There are a few probably that have conceptual problem with what fair market value legislation was intended to do. I think there's a good understanding of the need for consolidation in the state, and this is the mechanism to allow for that to occur. So I think it stands, and I think the commission will do the work necessary to make sure that the legislation is effectively enacted and implemented.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes. So I mean you're saying PA is, in your opinion, very much fully behind continued promotion of consolidation.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think as a state, as a Commonwealth, I believe that is a true statement, yes.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. what sort of impact do you think it will have on the deal activity? And would you say the proposed RRR will make it tougher for AWK to deliver on the M&A CapEx placeholders?
Susan Hardwick: I think we'll have to see how it plays out and how ultimately it gets worked from a procedural standpoint. But I'd say, generally speaking, no. we do not see it having a material impact on available opportunities and then ultimately, the outcomes on transactions.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then last question for me. I saw that in at least the PA and New Jersey rate case filings that revenue decoupling requests were made, possibly, it's in the Illinois case, too. Do you typically make those decoupling requests and just don't get them? Or is that something new that you're pursuing?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. I'd say it varies across jurisdictions. And again, part of our job here is to really understand what each commission is comfortable with and what mechanisms work or don't work in a particular jurisdiction. And it's also part of our responsibility to educate and to inform commissions and their staffs about how various mechanisms can work and what the impacts are. So we do that across our jurisdictions. And I think we have really been more proactive in that regard over the last couple of years. And so I think as we do that education and that dialogue it will inform where we propose what mechanisms. So I wouldn't necessarily say it's a broad application. The decoupling is always on our list. In every jurisdiction, I think it's all circumstantial. What mechanisms work best in what jurisdictions and we work accordingly.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. But for PA in New Jersey, are these new proposals? Or have they been there and, say, your most recent case, too?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I'd have to go back and look to see if we had them specifically in those cases. I don't actually recall. But again, I wouldn't necessarily think this is breaking new ground on either of these proposals.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. Just a question on the PFAS settlements. Just sort of your expectation on the outcome following up on the 3M settlement there. And thanks for the additional updates. I'm just curious if anything's changed around your view of the company's sort of legacy liability to PFAS if there is one?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. On the first question, Greg, around just settlement expected outcomes. Obviously, that process is proceeding. And we had one settlement approved and the other one fairness hearing has occurred, and we would expect it to ultimately get approved. And then the process begins of claim submittals and really going through the settlement allocation process. So obviously, it's too early for us to be able to give you any indication of what we think the outcomes will be financially. But as we've said all along, these will be cents on the dollar in terms of recovery. We don't expect, obviously, for it to cover the full cost of exposure here. But the amounts to be recovered through the settlement, we think is quite important and the best avenue, as Cheryl said in her remarks, to to collect dollars on behalf of the customer to reduce the overall obligation the customer has. So it's a good process. We've been happy to be involved in it. Our team, I think, in a lot of ways, is leading much of the effort around getting this work through the courts and getting outcomes here that are quite favorable. To your second question on how do we view sort of legacy exposure here. I don't think our view changes. As we said earlier, this will be an environment like all where there will be plaintiff's attorneys that are looking for an opportunity here and how that ultimately gets worked through the larger process around the MDL, the multi-district litigation is yet to be seen. But in terms of our exposure, we don't have any different view than we've had from a legacy perspective. Again, as Cheryl said, on a go-forward basis, we are treating and we're preparing to treat, and we're confident in our ability to do that on a go-forward basis.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast within an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I'd now like to introduce you to your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Chris. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the third quarter earnings release and in our September 30 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO, will share highlights of third quarter and year-to-date results and will comment on our 2024 EPS guidance and longer-term targets. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our new capital investment plan, including the expected impact of PFAS-related investments, and will conclude with a regulatory update, including our views on customer affordability. John Griffith, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will then discuss our year-to-date financial results in more detail, discuss our acquisition outlook, and will close with details behind our 2024 outlook and longer-term goals and our 2024 to 2028 financing plan. After a few final remarks, we'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Waters' President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide five, and I'll start by covering some highlights from the third quarter and year-to-date periods. As we announced yesterday, we delivered strong financial results in the third quarter of 2023, and we're pleased to again reaffirm our 2023 guidance on a weather-normalized basis. Earnings were $1.66 per share for the quarter compared to $1.63 for the same period last year. In the first nine months of 2023, earnings were $4.03 per share compared to $3.70 per share in the same period of '22. The estimated net favorable weather impact year-to-date in '23 is about $0.11 per share compared to $0.06 per share favorable in '22. These weather-normalized results so far in 2023 continue to reflect our strong execution in line with our growth expectations for the year. John will elaborate further on results later. Moving on to some of our other key accomplishments to date in 2023, we have invested $1.8 billion in capital projects year-to-date, reflecting great work by our teams responsible for planning and completing these investments. As you will recall, the total capital investment planned for 2023 includes approximately $400 million of acquisitions, including one sizable transaction in Pennsylvania we expect to close in December and another in Illinois around the end of the year. As you know, we completed an equity issuance of $1.7 billion in March and a $1 billion convertible debt issuance in June. These were the two key priorities of our 2023 financing plan. We were focused on completing these issuances in the first half of the year to reduce market-related pricing risk and overall execution risk, which has served our investors, customers -- and our customers well, considering the current market conditions. Turning to Slide six, as we roll out our new five-year plan today, we are affirming our long-term targets, including 7% to 9% EPS and dividend compounded annual growth rates. We are also initiating our 2024 earnings guidance of $5.10 per share to $5.20 per share, which John will discuss further later in the discussion. This represents our expectation of 8% EPS growth in 2024 compared to our weather normalized 2023 EPS guidance. One thing to note on this slide is that we have revised the look of our earnings growth outlook. Recall that we'd historically referred to it as our growth triangle. We believe this new version better highlights our compelling 7% to 9% earnings growth expectation and better represents the key drivers of growth. As a nearly 100% regulated water and wastewater utility, rate-based growth and regulatory execution are the key drivers of growth for our company. Rate-based growth continues to be driven by the accelerated CapEx plan we put forth two years ago and now with this updated plan. Combined with our robust regulated acquisition strategy on which we've proven we can execute, we continue to expect 8% to 9% rate-based growth over the next decade. Later, Cheryl will review the amount of capital we expect to spend over the next five years, including related to acquisitions. On this slide, you can see we are highlighting our acquisition growth strategy measured by a compounded annual growth rate in customer connections of 2%. The timing of closing on acquisitions is often difficult to control within a calendar year, which can cause volatility in acquisition investment on a year-to-year basis. This 2% customer additions CAGR target should be an easier way for investors to monitor and measure our growth through acquisitions. And as I said, rate-based growth, which includes acquisition investment is the key driver to earnings growth. Our growth outlook also includes the organic revenue growth opportunities we expect from our military services group from the 18 installations we currently serve with an added upside for any new bases secured. One of our company's competitive advantages is its diverse regulated operations across 14 states that provides us with flexibility in the timing of rate cases and capital deployment. We also have a very predictable and controllable set of capital projects annually, almost half of which are recoverable through infrastructure mechanisms. Along with our other regulatory approaches, we are confident we can deliver consistent earnings growth and dividend growth over the next five years and beyond. While utility stocks, including ours, have seen the impact on the short term of higher interest rates, history has shown that over medium and longer term horizons, the utility sector and certainly American Water has delivered compelling value to investors. We believe the combination of our EPS and dividend growth supported by our significant yet low risk capital investment plan and our focus on customer affordability and ESG leadership will continue to be rewarded by investors. Based on this long-term plan and our history of executing on our strategies, we intend to continue to deliver a very competitive, sustainable shareholder return for many years to come. With that, let me turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our capital investment plan and our focus on customer affordability and regulatory execution. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Before I jump into a discussion of our current long-term capital plan, starting on Slide eight, I want to first acknowledge that our teams have done a great job executing on our accelerated capital investment plans these last few years. We have consistently met our capital deployment goal and we're on pace to do it again by meeting our overall capital plan of $2.9 billion this year, which includes acquisition investments. Looking ahead to 2024, we expect a modest increase in our investment spending level to roughly $3.1 billion. Over the next five years, we expect to invest approximately $16 billion to $17 billion, an increase of about $2 billion over our previous plan. We expect constructive outcomes for this important water quality initiative, and we will continue to advocate that the ultimate responsibility for the clean-up of these contaminants should fall to the polluters. We will also continue to advocate that all water and wastewater utility providers, regardless of ownership, have equal access to any federal and or state funding related to treating PFAS. In addition, we'll continue our efforts to request permanent federal funding for a water and wastewater low-income customer assistance program. The other two drivers of increased CapEx in the 2024 to 2028 plan are a higher level of spend related to prioritized renewal projects across our footprint, such as for hydrant, pipe and meter replacement, as well as a higher level of expected follow-on capital related to future acquisitions. Following recent acquisitions, we have continued to experience a higher level of investment need in order to bring water and wastewater systems into regulatory compliance and up to our operating standards, which is driving the higher estimated capital need of $600 million. You can also see that we have deferred $500 million of lower risk projects to later years beyond the five-year plan. We did this as a part of our extensive risk-based project analysis in conjunction with our ongoing affordability analysis. For example, we deferred until later in the 10-year capital plan the replacement of some services in Maine where it was determined that they did not pose an immediate risk to service reliability or water quality. Let's turn to Slide 10 and I'll cover the latest regulatory activity across our states. Shown in the slide is a summary of our pending general rate cases with some key facts for each. In the appendix, you'll also find some details related to infrastructure charges as well as a snapshot of the key outcomes from the most recent general rate case in our top 10 states. Our general rate cases in California, Indiana, West Virginia and Kentucky, are all progressing well and as expected. All of these cases, except perhaps California, will most likely be resolved in early 2024. Just yesterday, we filed a general rate case in Virginia reflecting $110 million in system investments covering May 2023 through April 2025. We're seeking $20 million of additional annual revenue and expect interim rates to go into effect in May of next year. Outside of our general rate cases, as we discussed last quarter, we filed a request as authorized by California's water cost of capital mechanism seeking a 52 basis point increase to our ROE in 2023, which was approved on July 25, or increasing the return on equity to 9.5%, effective July 31. We filed a similar request in October for an additional 70 basis point increase to go into effect January 01, 2024, which would bring our ROE to 10.2%. And finally, related to the customers we have proudly served in the Monterey community for over 100 years, in October, a local entity adopted a resolution enabling it to file an eminent domain lawsuit with respect to the Monterey system assets. This is not a new issue, just the latest chapter in a long-running effort by an entity that we believe lacks the expertise to own and operate a very complex water distribution system serving these Monterey customers. Bottom line, we believe based upon existing legal precedent, we'll be able to successfully defend against an eminent domain lawsuit if it's filed. You can find more information on this topic in our SEC filings, including this quarter's 10-Q. Moving to Slide 11, I'll wrap up with a discussion of customer affordability and this new capital investment plan. Using U.S. Census Bureau data specific to the geographies we serve, our research and analysis concluded that projected rising levels of median household income combined with conservative assumptions around an increasing customer base would allow us to stay within our target for residential water bills of 1% or less of median household income. One of the most difficult challenges we face in the water and wastewater industry is balancing customer affordability with the magnitude of the system investments that are needed. Thankfully, today, our industry and our company are in very good relative positions in terms of affordability or wallet share. At the same time, we realize we must continue to evolve our strategies around rate design and programs to assist our customers who are challenged with affordability. We must also continue our focus on technology, efficiencies of scale, and cost management in order to deliver on customer affordability. Our dual focus on operating efficiency and customer affordability has been a valuable part of our company's DNA for many years. As you know, we've historically used O&M efficiency as one of our benchmark metrics to measure our success at managing costs as we grow the business. In recent years, we've emphasized that revenue growth has been just as impactful to the O&M efficiency metric as managing costs. As we look ahead, we're continuing to evaluate whether this is the best metric by which to judge our effectiveness at managing costs and running an efficient business. More to come on this in 2024. With that, I'll hand it over to John to cover our financial results and plans in further detail. John?
John Griffith: Thank you, Cheryl, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 13, let me provide a few more details on year-to-date results. The appendix also has details of third quarter EPS, which has many of the same drivers as year-to-date results. Consolidated earnings were $4.03 per share year-to-date, up $0.33 per share compared to the same period in 2022, and up $0.28 per share on a weather normalized basis. Increased revenues were driven by general rate cases we completed in late 2022 and early 2023 in our larger states. These additional revenues are driven by the significant investments we have made and continue to make in our systems. As noted, earnings were higher year-to-date by an estimated net $0.11 per share as a result of weather in the second and third quarters due to warm and dry conditions, primarily in Missouri, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. This compares to net favorable weather in the third quarter of 2022 of $0.06 per share, which related mostly to warm and dry conditions in New Jersey. In looking at operating costs, higher pension expense of about $0.10 per share and increased chemical costs of about $0.09 per share, including inflationary pressures, are being recovered in large part through higher revenues we proactively sought through the use of forward test years and traditional updates to base cost of service and general rate cases we completed in the last 12 months to 18 months. This strategy has limited the bottom line impact of those higher costs in 2023 and is a strategy we are continuing to use in our recently filed and upcoming cases. Supporting our investment growth, depreciation expense increased $0.17 per share, and the cost of additional long-term financing increased $0.28 per share, primarily related to share count dilution. As I mentioned last quarter, the EPS impact of the higher share count from our equity issuance offsets the avoided interest expense in the current interest rate environment. We expect the impact to be approximately neutral to EPS for the full year as well, based on the current outlook. Turning to Slide 14, this graph illustrates that our continued execution on capital investments, both infrastructure projects and acquisitions, are succeeding in growing regulated rate base at a long-term rate of 8% to 9%. Rate-based growth, of course, will drive earnings growth. We believe the high degree of visibility to our capital investment plan, combined with the low-risk nature of the plan, uniquely positions American Water in the utility sector and is fundamental to our investment thesis. Turning to Slide 15, you'll see that we continue to be set up for strong growth through acquisitions. We closed on 14 acquisitions, totalling $36 million across six states in the first nine months of 2023, which demonstrates our continued ability to close deals in many states. We also had 32 transactions under agreement across 10 states through the end of September, totalling $611 million, two of which we closed in early October, including one in West Virginia for $27 million. This total also includes both the Butler Area Sewer Authority wastewater system in Pennsylvania and the Granite City wastewater treatment plant in Illinois we previously announced. We expect the Butler acquisition to close later this year in Granite City around year end, pending regulatory approvals for each, and we look forward to serving those customers. Also included in our acquisitions under agreement is the Towamencin Township Wastewater System in Pennsylvania we expect to purchase for $104 million, as announced back in March. We expect to close this acquisition in late 2024 or early 2025, pending final regulatory approval, and we look forward to serving those customers as well. Our outlook for future acquisitions remains very strong, as we expect to have over $250 million of acquisitions under agreement at the end of 2023 after the expected closings of Butler and Granite City. Of course, as we close on transactions, the work to build and refill the acquisition pipeline is continuous. Our pipeline of 1.3 million customer connections is a strong leading indicator that supports this piece of our rate-based growth outlook. On Slide 16, we provide some considerations regarding our outlook for 2024 results in our newly established EPS guidance range of $5.10 to $5.20 per share. First, as you would expect, our growth will be driven by capital investment to serve our customers and earning a return on that investment. As we've talked about previously, 2023 is year two of our accelerated CapEx plan following the HOS sale. So we see that ramp up reflected in earnings in 2024, both from base rate increases and infrastructure mechanisms. As a reminder, approximately 45% of our CapEx is recoverable by infrastructure mechanisms, so it's a very meaningful driver of consistent earnings growth for us. Recent regulated acquisitions that are being incorporated into active or just completed rate cases will also drive growth next year. I'd like to note that our military services group does add incrementally to our earnings growth expectation, as we have continued to show in our growth outlook. MSG's great work on the 18 military installations it serves has built trust and resulted in the U.S. government allocating additional funds for improvement projects, driving increased revenues. Just as critical to our growth strategy is our ability to prudently manage the operating costs it takes to run the business, which goes to my final point on this slide. Because of our strong culture of operating efficiency and cost management, we expect only modest increases in O&M in 2024. These efforts go to the heart of the customer affordability construct we want to protect, which is closely aligned with the interests of regulators and ultimately investors in managing affordability of customer bills. Finally, related to pension, I'd simply remind you that our pension obligation remeasurement will be done at yearend 2023, and that will drive the determination of our 2024 pension expense. Turning to Slide 17, I'll provide a financing plan update before closing with a look at our balance sheet and liquidity profile. In our prior five-year plan through 2027, we expected a total of $2 billion of equity financing need. We successfully issued $1.7 billion of the $2 billion earlier this year, leaving $300 million of equity financing needed toward the end of that prior plan. Based on our new capital plan, our financing plan now includes an estimated $1 billion of equity issuances from 2024 through 2028. The $1 billion of equity in our new plan is expected to be issued near the middle of the 2024 to 2028 period, subject to market conditions. The $700 million increase in the anticipated external equity need is driven by the incremental $2 billion of CapEx in the new plan. As we've said many times now, we expect incremental CapEx to be funded roughly 50-50 debt and equity, which includes both external equity and cash flow from operations. Our financing plan design also takes into account the goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing to meet our long-term debt-to-capital target of less than 60%. Another assumption inherent in our new plan is that we will continue to be a cash taxpayer, especially as we will likely become subject to the new corporate alternative minimum tax in the coming years. On Slide 18, we provide a summary of our continued strong financial condition. Our total debt-to-capital ratio as of September 30, net of roughly $630 million of cash on hand remains at 54%, which is comfortably within our long-term target of less than 60%. As we are all aware, the current higher interest rate environment is challenging. We are, however, in a position of strength on a number of fronts in dealing with the challenge. Our strategy of issuing debt at the holding company level allows us to take advantage of our scale and pricing debt issuances. We remain confident that we will have strong access to capital for the long term. In fact, we just extended the maturity of our revolving credit facility to October 2028, which has a capacity of $2.75 billion. Our diversified banking relationships with some of the largest and strongest banks in the world, coupled with our fully regulated business model and strong credit ratings, gives us great confidence around liquidity. Our laddered approach to long-term debt financings over the years is very important in environments like the current one to manage cash flows and minimize interest rate risk, which contributes to managing customer affordability. And our short duration between general rate cases allows us to minimize any lag we may experience related to recovery of debt costs. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan for some closing thoughts. Susan?
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, John. To close on Slide 20, you've heard our latest strategic thinking today, and it should sound very familiar. It's all about execution at every level. As we continue to demonstrate our ability to consistently execute, we believe our industry leading EPS and dividend growth, combined with our focus on affordability and ESG leadership will continue to be highly valued and rewarded by investors. We believe these aspects of our business and strategy separate us from all utilities. They are underpinned by our significant low-risk capital investment plan, which includes our best-in-class execution on acquisitions and our excellent regulatory execution, all while maintaining a strong balance sheet with a well-planned debt maturity profile and a differentiated affordability proposition. Through our consistent achievement of high operating standards, including our leading safety culture and water quality accolades, our team at American Water has raised the bar for success in the water and wastewater industry and that includes the outstanding efforts by our Military Services Group team to proudly serve the 18 military installations in our footprint. Our history of executing on our strategies has delivered a very competitive, sustainable shareholder return. With this long-term plan, we have full confidence in our ability to achieve the goals we talked about today and continue our track record of delivering superior shareholder value. And with that, let me turn the call back over to Chris to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Today's first question comes from Richard Sunderland with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning. Am I coming through clearly?
Susan Hardwick: You are, Rich. Good morning.
Richard Sunderland: Great, thank you. Appreciate the details around the update here. I wanted to start with the CapEx revision and the bill outlook. Looking back to 2021, when you first outlined the Accelerated Investment Plan, you gave some details on the customer affordability angle, but I'm curious, kind of bridging, not back to last year, but back to '21, is there anything different in that outlook now? Obviously, CapEx is up significantly. Also curious if the 2% customer additions target in the language around there for M&A has factored into how you've crafted this new capital plan around the customer affordability angle as well.
Susan Hardwick: Okay, Rich, yeah, there's a lot in there. Let me start and then Cheryl and John can add to it. I would say our focus has sharpened over the last number of years related to customer affordability. And that sharpened focus, I think, has really been around this sort of wallet share concept that Cheryl talked about. I think it's important for us to understand the communities that we operate in and the demographics of those communities and what are the challenges of customers in those communities and we've been able to do a lot of analysis at a very detailed level around affordability, around household income, around just economic impacts in the various communities that we serve and our focus has been, I think, very clearly defined around our wallet share as a percentage of that household income and we've been developing this concept here now for a number of years and I think that our ability to confidently say this plan as we've continued to grow it, we'll continue to maintain our position of roughly 1% or less of a customer's bill in the communities that we serve specifically and I think that focus has allowed us to really think about how to build this plan, how to continue to grow it, how to continue to grow rate base while not overburdening customers with our growth expectations. I think this plan fits very nicely in that concept. Cheryl, you want to add anything?
Cheryl Norton: Yeah, I would just add, Rich, that as Susan said, we look at all the communities that we serve. We look at the demographics, and yet the capital investments are not that different from community to community. And we need to make sure that we are investing at the right level in all of those communities. New regulations like PFAS, but also the lead and copper rule, that is driving a lot of capital investment across the board and so we have to continue to do that and we need to do that in all the communities. So these affordability calculations, the risk priority model that we use, we think it's really the best balance to getting the right amount of infrastructure investment in all of the communities that we serve and as we grow the number of communities that we're serving, that will continue to increase, but we think we're getting the right balance there because we have to treat all of our customers in a fair way. They all deserve clean, safe drinking water.
Susan Hardwick: And Cheryl, I might just add one additional comment. From a regulatory perspective, this is also a concept that we've been sharing very transparently with regulators. This affordability analysis that we've done, and as we lay out in every jurisdiction, the plan and the investments that we have made, we're right alongside it talking about impacts to customers and how we've thought about the plan and how it affects affordability for the customers in the service territory. So again, it's a concept and a view that we've taken that we think is differentiating here and I think regulators, just as one party, are certainly recognizing that.
John Griffith: And Rich, I'll pick up on the 2% part of your question. As Susan mentioned in her commentary, 2% is a metric that we think is good to think about as a long-term metric given just the short-term variability around acquisitions, but you're right to point it out in this context. As you know, the 8% to 9% rate-based growth is what drives the 7% to 9% earnings growth, but being able to spread that 8% to 9% rate-based growth over a larger customer base is a healthy element of our growth.
Richard Sunderland: Great. That was very helpful, color there. Thanks for laying all of that out. And then separately, turning to the financing plan here, you were clear on the drivers around the equity relative to the CapEx. I'm curious on the operating cash flow side. It looks like a significant step up, '24 to '20 versus '23 to '27, is that just normal course kind of rate recovery, any discrete items in there, just how to think about prior versus new?
John Griffith: Yeah, it's a good question, Rich. Really, there is a big step up. If you think about the increase in our capital plan as we go back from 2021, 2022, 2023 and forward, it's such a significant step up that when you drop 2023 out of the plan and you bring 2028 into the plan, the accumulation of the capital spend through that period, it accounts for a very significant portion of that operating cash flow step up and then as you would also intuitively think, there is increased cash flow in the interim years as well, just given the increase in capital plan.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. Well, thank you for the time today.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning, team. Just to clarify on that last line, confirm my understanding, so there's effectively no change in the growth triangle, as you call it, it's just kind of a representation.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, I think that's fair. We want to continue to emphasize that rate-based growth is the driver. Rate-based investment, which includes acquisitions, is the driver. What we're trying to do here, I think, is just give some clarity around or maybe a better view as to how you can measure our progress toward growth through acquisition by giving you that sort of metric around customer additions. The investment that we'll continue to make in acquisitions just rolls into rate-based, which it always has. So no real change in that. I just think it's a better view potentially for investors to be able to see progress we're making around the acquisition strategy.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. Understood. That's what I thought. And then shifting to the financing plan, so if I understand it right and correct me if I'm wrong, it doesn't assume any litigation proceeds, state funding, federal funding for PFAS. Is there any sense of what that kind of offset could be to help out on customer bills?
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, it's a good question. Obviously, the numbers that we have laid out here, as Cheryl outlined, continue to be our best estimates of the cost necessary to meet the current proposed rule. Obviously, we don't have a rule yet. So finalizing those numbers will occur once we have a final rule and we do participate in the ongoing litigation around this whole issue. We've laid all that out in the Q. So you can look at that there and probably won't talk much more about it than that since it is ongoing litigation. I think it is fair to say that our estimates today are the costs we would expect to incur. We have to see how the litigation ultimately works out to see what impact that may have. And I think Cheryl covered this well. We do believe, by virtue of our participation in the litigation, that polluters should be our first line here of responsibility. So we are quite involved in that to make sure that that is properly executed.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay. To make sure, it does have an assumption around getting external funding or it does not?
Susan Hardwick: It does not at this point, no. It is just the cost estimates that we have developed so far.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, that is what I thought. Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Will Granger [ph] with Mizuho. Please proceed.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask, on the PFAS billion dollars that you have outlined today, how should we be thinking about the makeup of that over your service territories? Is it pretty radical? Yeah, if you could unpack the underlying assumptions there, that would be helpful.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, I will ask Cheryl to comment on that. We hit on, I think, a pretty high level, but Cheryl, you might want to just reemphasize that.
Cheryl Norton: Yeah, as we have looked at this, as I mentioned in my comments earlier, we expect the bulk of the spend to be in our states where we have a larger footprint of customers, New Jersey, for example and the reason for that driver of that being the largest amount of spend is that there is more contamination there in general, but also these are large surface water plants that are very costly to add treatment to. We have Pennsylvania as a larger state, numerous locations there, but we really haven't outlined everywhere that we're going to add treatment, but anywhere that it's a surface water plant as opposed to a groundwater source is going to be a lot more costly to add that treatment and so New Jersey is our biggest dollar state for sure.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Got it. That's helpful and then maybe just on the equity for your plan, is that the incremental equity is just $700 million, if I've got my math right? The $300 million that you're planning to issue now and then an incremental $700 million, or is it an incremental billion?
John Griffith: You've got it right, Will. It's an incremental $700 million.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Okay. And we should expect the timing of that to come in towards the back half of your plan, or would that be issued like as an ATM and just kind of pretty radical?
John Griffith: What we've said is we'll issue it in the middle of our new 2024 to 2028 plan, subject to market conditions, obviously.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Got it. I'll leave it there. Thank you very much for the time.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning, team. Just kind of following up a little bit on that last question, despite the higher operating cash flows, it looks like the external capital needs increased more than the $2 billion CapEx increase. You've got the $700 million of equity, and then I think its $1.7 billion of debt. Anything unique going on there?
John Griffith: No, Jonathan. We really lead this analysis by looking at our credit metrics, and so a lot of it just goes back to what we've said in the past, where incremental CapEx will fund at 50-50 debt and equity. As we think about equity there, it's internally generated funds as well as new issuance. So we think of it as lining up in that regard.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. No, I was just thinking the debt portion was a little higher than I would have thought.
John Griffith: Yeah, that's just a function of the capital spend as well as the maturity schedule.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, yeah, maybe the maturity schedule. Okay. So, Cheryl, I know you said that California filed on 10-16 to increase the '24 allowed ROE. Has there been any opposition filed to this request? I think there's like a 30-day comment period, which probably ended maybe yesterday.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, there is that 30-day period, and Jonathan, I am unaware of any kind of intervention or any kind of concern over that.
Cheryl Norton: Okay. It's pretty formulaic, Jonathan. Yeah, we don't expect there to be any issue with that. It really just follows a formula.
Jonathan Reeder: Yeah, no, I think investor concern is more on the electric side, whether you see some intervention than the water, but we monitor both. I think the 10-year CapEx plan, you bumped up the M&A placeholder by a billion. Is there anything specific driving that, or is that just kind of passage of time more than anything?
John Griffith: Yeah, I'd say, Jonathan, it's certainly passage of time as part of it. We are investing in our capability across the system, starting with originations as well as due diligence and integrations. As we look at what happens when we make acquisitions and just our standards as a best-in-class operator relative to the systems that we acquire, we just continue to think that there's a lot of momentum there and a lot of strength in us as continuing this program. So it is a capability that we're investing significantly in and, yes, as you pointed out, as we move forward in time, we expect those numbers to become bigger to maintain that relative level of contribution.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then last, you mentioned the pension costs for '24 and figuring that out, but do you have much exposure on that, or do most of your key states now have tracking mechanisms for pension?
John Griffith: We have trackers and deferral accounts in certain states, Jonathan, and we can go through that with you in detail. So there's a mix there of what we pick up already and what would need to be picked up in the future.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions this morning.
Operator: [Operator instructions] The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning. I think you mentioned you're working on an acquisition in Pennsylvania of $104 million to close in late 2024-2025. How do you think about, when you go into acquisitions, sort of the reasonable timeline for getting approvals? How do you think about that?
Susan Hardwick: John, you want to comment on that? I think the one you're referring to in particular is a little more complicated. I wouldn't say it's sort of a traditional process, the Towamencin acquisition. I recall we stepped into that arrangement when NextEra decided to exit the opportunity. So that one's just a little more complicated, but, John, you want to talk sort of typically how we think about the process around acquisitions?
Gregg Orrill: Yeah. And, Greg, it varies state to state, but since you mentioned Pennsylvania, there's a process you go through to file an application. The application has to be deemed complete, and then that starts a statutory clock and so in the case of Pennsylvania, there's a six-month statutory clock that runs through and then either you're settling your approval or you're litigating your approval, but all within that six-month statutory timetable and so what's different about this situation?
John Griffith: Well, Towamencin is one where there's opportunity based on precedent in Pennsylvania. We'll see how the post-PUC approval plays out, but we're just allowing a little bit of latitude in the event that there's any follow-up to the PUC approval from interveners.
Operator: The next question comes from Aditya Gandhi with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Aditya Gandhi: Good morning, Susan, Cheryl and John. Can you hear me?
Susan Hardwick: We can. Good morning.
Aditya Gandhi: Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to start on PFAS. I'm curious to hear your latest thoughts around two specific topics. How are you thinking about the protection of water systems from any PFAS-related financial liability under CERCLA? Do you see risk if a final rule is released and it doesn't contain any protections and then the second topic is, can you maybe give some color on what portion of the $50 million additional annual O&M qualifies for [indiscernible] or expense mechanisms?
Cheryl Norton: I can take those questions. This is Cheryl. As far as protections around the SOCLA, we have been really engaged in that process, and we have been pushing really hard to ensure that water and wastewater utilities are protected in that space. And so we're going to continue to fight that battle. Right now, you're right, there is a little bit of vulnerability out there, but we feel pretty confident that we're going to be able to manage through that and that we're going to be able to impact how we're treated in that space. So more to come on that, but rest assured, we're going to fight like crazy to make sure that we are protected there. And as far as the $50 million, I don't have an exact breakdown, and we haven't talked about an exact breakdown from state to state. But whether or not that would be recovered through mechanisms just depends on the type of mechanisms that a state would have. So if they have a mechanism that would allow them to recover their production costs, any kind of tracker in that space would be really helpful in those costs. In some cases, we have environmental riders that include capital improvements. Some of them include capital and operating improvements, so that would allow them to recover those costs as well. So there's going to be a portion that we're going to be able to recover right up front, but the rest of them will just recover through a general rate case with very little lag, I would anticipate, as far as those costs are concerned.
Susan Hardwick: Yeah, and the only thing I would add to that is where we don't have an existing mechanism or an approach to ensure timely recovery, we're going to work to design one. Our view here is that these are federally mandated costs, and we are taking care of a problem created by someone else and because of that federal mandate and the federal rule behind it, we think we'll have a great argument to make around recovery and timely recovery. So we'll be looking for where we don't have existing solutions, we'll be looking to create a new opportunity to do that. So there'll be a lot on the regulatory front here to do once we have a final rule and know how this plays out.
Cheryl Norton: Yeah, Susan, I would just add that that three-year implementation period that we have to put treatment in place gives us time to do those kinds of things and make those regulatory improvements.
Aditya Gandhi: Right. Got it. That's super helpful color. Thank you. And just one question for John, on the equity needs, you mentioned it's in the middle of your new '24 through '28 plans. So sort of in the '26 time frame. You're also going to have proceeds from the HOS note come in. I believe they're due at the end of 2026. Just can you add a little bit more color on timing and the form of equity? Is this just going to be like a straight block, or is this going to be some sort of forward where you'll maybe draw down on the forward over a couple of years? How should we think about that?
John Griffith: Yeah, I would say that we're not close enough yet in terms of time to have made the decision on the exact form of equity. You're right on the timing of the HOS note proceeds, but as we approach the more immediate timing, then we'll develop our thinking closer to that point, but certainly, we'll look and do what's best for shareholders there. I'd say that you've seen us issue the straight equity as we did this year with the $1.7 billion. We issued the convert this year for $1 billion, and so we're willing to look at everything, but I'd say that's a decision we'll make as that time approaches.
Aditya Gandhi: Okay, got it and just one follow-up. Can you just clarify the point you made on your cash taxpayer status? I just wanted to confirm, is there a base for your 7% to 9% EPS CAGR at all, I can find that in the slides or the earnings release.
John Griffith: Yeah, and let me just clarify, Aditya, on the equity that we've talked about, to be clear, it will be equity, not another instrument to replace the equity. With regards to our cash taxpayer status, with the Inflation Reduction Act, we do expect that we'll become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax in the coming years. Those regulations are not finalized at this point, and there are certain elements that are in play that will dictate the precise timing for when we would become subject to the AMT, but we are expecting that to be the case for us. With regards to the 7% to 9% in a base year, I'd say on that, this is a target that we think of as a long-term target. You're aware that over the last few years, we reset the capital plan with the sale of HOS and the sale of New York, and we needed time to redeploy those proceeds, which was the case in '22 and '23 and as Susan pointed out, our '24 guidance reflects an 8% EPS CAGR at the midpoint. So we really think of 7% to 9% as a long-term target driven by the long-term 8% to 9% rate-based growth CAGR.
Aditya Gandhi: Got it. That's super helpful. Thanks for taking all my questions.
Operator: At this time, we are showing no further questioners in the queue, and this does conclude our question-and-answer session as well as our conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the American Water's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast within the accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for 1 year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I will now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Sasha. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the second quarter earnings release and in our June 30 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and diluted earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO, will share highlights of second quarter and year-to-date results and thoughts on our affirmed 2023 EPS guidance and longer-term targets. John Griffith, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our successful financing activities in the first half of the year, cover our financial results in more detail, and we'll close with an update on our acquisition activity. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our capital investment plan, regulatory updates and will conclude with a review of our recently published sustainability report and other new disclosures. We'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick : Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 5, and I'll start by covering some highlights of the first half of the year. As we announced yesterday, we delivered strong financial results in the second quarter and the first half of 2023. Earnings were $1.44 per share for the quarter compared to $1.20 for the same period last year. In the first 6 months of 2023, earnings were $2.37 per share compared to $2.07 per share in the same period of 2022. The results were in line with our expectations as we knew the first half of the year would be strong compared to last year due to revenue increases from several general rate case proceedings completed in '22, and in early '23 and from infrastructure mechanism filings. We continue to execute on our regulatory strategy, which continues to be the key driver of our results. Revenues in the second quarter were also higher due to increased usage from warm and unusually dry weather in several of our states. Tempering results were higher operating costs, which John will elaborate on further. Moving on to some of our other key accomplishments so far in 2023. We invested nearly $1.2 billion in capital projects year-to-date, reflecting great work by our teams responsible for planning and completing these investments. Also, as you will recall, the total capital investment plan for 2023 includes approximately $400 million for acquisitions, including 2 sizable transactions we expect to close in the fourth quarter. Our outlook for future acquisitions remains strong as we have over $550 million of acquisitions under agreement, including those 2 sizable deals. As we announced in March, we completed a very successful equity issuance of $1.7 billion of American Water common stock. This delivered on the highest priority in our 2023 financing plan. And as we announced last month, we completed a convertible debt issuance of just over $1 billion that achieved the other key element of our 2023 financing plan. Finally, earlier this week, we were pleased to publish our company's latest sustainability report. Cheryl will share a few highlights of the report, but at its core, it tells the story of how we are fulfilling our mission of providing safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater service in a very sustainable way to American Water customers. And this has been our mission for over 135 years. Turning to Slide 6. We are affirming our 2023 EPS guidance range of $4.72 per share to $4.82 per share on a weather-normalized basis. And once again, we are affirming our long-term targets. I continue to believe that our regulatory -- our strong regulatory financing and operational execution is the differentiator from our peers.  Our track record of executing on these fronts gives us confidence and should give investors confidence in our ability to achieve our short-term and our long-term financial targets. As we've done in the past, we expect to consistently grow earnings and dividends at a top-tier pace over the next 5 years and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to cover some second quarter highlights and financial results in more detail. John?
John Griffith : Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 8, I'll start by reviewing the successful completion of our 2023 financing plan. As Susan mentioned, and as I covered on the last call, earlier this year, we completed an upsized equity offering for proceeds of $1.7 billion. The remaining portion of the $2 billion of our currently planned equity is expected to be issued near the end of this 5-year plan, as we've previously communicated. Then last month, we issued just over $1 billion of exchangeable senior notes due in 2026 with an annual interest rate of 3.625%. As we previously disclosed, this exchangeable debt issuance supports our long-term growth as a diversified low-cost funding source that benefits customer affordability and shareholder value. Upon any exchange of the notes, the principal amount will be settled in cash with flexibility to settle any remaining value above the principal amount in cash, shares or a combination thereof at our election. We used the proceeds from both of these transactions to bring our commercial paper balance to zero by quarter end with almost $800 million of cash yet to be utilized, that is earning interest. With our 2023 long-term financing needs now complete, our balance sheet is well positioned to fund our robust water and wastewater investment growth. On Slide 9, we provide a summary of our continued strong financial condition, our total debt-to-capital ratio, net of cash on the balance sheet remains at 54% as of June 30, which is well below our target of 60%. We believe our current debt maturity levels in conjunction with future debt needs are very manageable. And I would remind you, as shown on this slide, of the $720 million of no proceeds that we will receive in 2026 from the sale of HOS completed in 2021. Our laddered approach to long-term debt financings over the years is important to manage cash flows and minimize interest rate risk. And finally, on liquidity, we remain confident that we will have sufficient access to capital for the foreseeable future. Turning to Slide 10. I'll provide some further insights into our financial results for the quarter. Earnings were $1.44 per share for the quarter of $0.24 per share versus the same period in 2022, and up $0.17 per share on a weather-normalized basis. As you know, we have completed rate cases recently in our larger states and are seeing the increased revenues as a result. These additional revenues are driven by the significant investments we have made and continue to make in our systems. As noted, earnings were higher in the quarter by an estimated $0.07 per share due to weather in 2023 due to warm and dry conditions, primarily in Missouri, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. But we did see unusual weather in the quarter resulting in higher throughput, which we typically don't see during this time of year, our investments in resiliency and our proactive communications to customers around water conservation, ensured that we did not experience any significant operating issues during the quarter. And looking at operating costs, higher pension expense of about $0.04 per share and increased chemical costs of about $0.03 per share, including inflationary pressures were largely mitigated by the higher revenues. Based on the current outlook, we are not expecting the cost of chemicals to decrease in the near term as demand remains elevated. Our operating costs in the second quarter also increased due to a higher employee headcount to support growth in the business. As we've said, our proactive strategy last year to seek [rate] of rising production costs and expected higher pension costs has positioned us favorably to limit the bottom-line impact of those higher costs in 2023. This approach continues in our recently filed cases. Supporting our investment growth, depreciation expense increased $0.06 per share and the cost of additional long-term financing increased $0.11 per share primarily related to share count dilution. As I mentioned last quarter, the EPS impact of the higher share count from our equity issuance offsets the avoided expense and the current interest rate environment. We expect the impact to be approximately neutral to EPS for the full year as well based on the current outlook. Turning to Slide 11. Earnings increased $0.30 per share for the year-to-date period compared to the same period last year driven by many of the same factors as in the second quarter. On a weather-normalized basis, earnings have increased $0.23 per share year-to-date, which, as Susan mentioned, is in line with our expectations for the first half of the year. Before we look at our expected full year 2023 EPS details, I should note that, as you would expect in the year of an equity issuance, our quarterly EPS results may not sum to equal the year-to-date EPS results each quarter. This is simply due to a different amount of average shares outstanding used in the EPS calculations as the year progresses. Turning to Slide 12. I'll echo Susan's comments that our results remain on track to achieve our 2023 EPS guidance of $4.72 to $4.82 per share on a weather-normalized basis. Here, we provide some updated details related to 2023 guidance that reflect results so far this year, including the completed 2023 financing plan. You can see, for example, that our implied revenue growth for the second half of the year will be strong, though somewhat less than the first half growth as new rates became effective in New Jersey last September. Looking ahead, I am pleased that we have the right fundamentals in place, including our strengthened balance sheet to achieve our long-term financial targets, which we are also affirming today. Turning to Slide 13, you'll see that we are set up for strong growth through acquisitions in 2023 and beyond. We closed on 10 acquisitions totaling $33 million across 5 states in the first half of 2023, which demonstrates our continued ability to close deals in many states. We also had 32 transactions under agreement across 10 states through the end of June totaling $555 million and includes both the Butler Area Sewer Authority, wastewater system in Pennsylvania, and the Granite City wastewater treatment plant in Illinois we previously announced. We now expect to close both of these transactions near the end of 2023 pending regulatory approvals for each.  Also included in our acquisitions under agreement is the Towamencin Township Wastewater System in Pennsylvania, we expect to purchase for $104 million as announced back in March. We continue to expect to close on Towamencin by midyear 2024, pending regulatory approval, and we look forward to serving all of these customers. Of course, as we close on transactions, the work to build and refill the acquisition pipeline is continuous. Our pipeline of over 1.3 million customer connections is a strong leading indicator that supports this piece of our earnings growth triangle. With our track record of closing on acquisitions and executing on our CapEx plans, we are confident that we will achieve our capital investment plan of $2.9 billion for 2023. And when you combine that with the financing we have already completed to fund growth, we believe our outlook for 2023 and beyond is very attractive for investors. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our capital investment, rate case and other regulatory updates. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton : Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by commenting on our continued focus on investing in our systems. Slide 15 shows a recap of our capital investment so far in 2023.  As John said, we remain on plan to meet our goal of approximately $2.9 billion of total capital spending for the full year. Our state teams continue to execute each quarter on the multitude of projects that improve our systems. Two examples of the types of projects we're working on are improvements to the lime softening system, chemical facilities and filters at the Jerseyville, Illinois water treatment plan and enhanced aeration capabilities and other digester improvements at the Coatesville water treatment plant in Pennsylvania. These renewal and improvement projects are typical examples of how the capital we deploy is essential to our mission of providing safe, clean, reliable and affordable drinking water and wastewater services. And finally, as John mentioned, our larger acquisitions in 2023 are expected to occur in the second half of the year as compared to 2022, when the first half of the year included our largest acquisition for the year, over $200 million for the City of York's wastewater system. Let's go to Slide 16 and cover the latest regulatory activity in our states. Shown on the slide is a summary of our pending general rate cases with some key facts for each. In the appendix, you'll also find some details related to infrastructure charges as well as a snapshot of the key outcomes from the most recent general rate case in our top 10 states. Sharing with our -- starting with our general rate cases in California and Indiana, both are progressing as expected. In Indiana, hearings are expected in early fall, which follows testimony filed by all parties in July and August. In California, we expect hearings in the fall as well. At the beginning of May, we filed a general rate case in West Virginia, reflecting $340 million in water and wastewater system investments covering 2020 through 2025. We are seeking $45 million of additional annual revenue, excluding infrastructure surcharges, we would expect an order in February of next year. At the end of June, we filed a general rate case in Kentucky reflecting $330 million in water system investments since the last rate case order in 2019. We are seeking $26 million of additional annual revenue, excluding infrastructure surcharges to support continued safe and reliable service and recovery of increased production costs. We would expect an order in this case in February of next year. In Missouri, we were pleased to receive a final decision from the Missouri Public Service Commission in May. The negotiated settlement reflects the increase of $95 million in annualized revenues, including $51 million for previously approved infrastructure surcharges. Though not specifically noted in the order, our view of the return on equity allowed is 9.75%, and the equity ratio is 50%. Outside of general rate cases, the California Commission issued a decision on June 29 on California American Water's 2021 cost of capital application authorizing an 8.98% ROE with an equity component of 57.04%. The decision was not retroactive and will be effective through the end of 2024. The following day, we filed an advice letter as authorized by the state's water cost of capital mechanism seeking a 52 basis point increase to our ROE in 2023, which was approved on July 25, increasing the return on equity to 9.50% effective July 31. As Susan mentioned, our regulatory execution is a key driver of our results and our team continues to do an excellent job. As we previously discussed, we submitted written comments on the federal EPA's proposed PFOS rule in May. The key concern that we voiced is that EPA's cost estimates are materially understated. Our internal and preliminary estimates show that capital investments in excess of $1 billion will be needed by American Water, along with nearly $50 million of annual operating expenses in order to comply with the rule as currently proposed. We are still evaluating the potential impact of our 5-year capital plan, including whether PFOS will drive incremental CapEx in the plan or if some currently planned projects will be completed later beyond the 5-year horizon or both. We expect to have more to share on that in the third quarter earnings call. Related to ongoing PFOS litigation and the announcement of some settlements with manufacturers of PFOS, we are a long way from knowing what these settlements mean for our customers, including if, how and when funds from these settlements or other litigation may ultimately be distributed. We will continue to advocate that the ultimate responsibility for the cleanup of these contaminants should fall to the polluters, and we will continue to work cooperatively with the EPA and with Congress, regulators and policymakers in support of water quality standards that protect customers and communities balanced with affordability. Another topic that's been in the news recently is around certain telecommunication companies and their historical usage of lead insulated cables. While these stories don't relate to American Water, we'd remind you to review the disclosures we've had for many years in our Form 10-K around the replacement of lead service lines in our regulated service territories. We are in great shape related to that replacement program. Finally, on Slide 17, earlier this week, we released our latest sustainability report covering the years 2021 and 2022. This report highlights our commitment to excellent water quality, customer affordability and continued investing in water and wastewater infrastructure and our sustainable business practices and values that align with these commitments. To demonstrate our ESG leadership and commitment to transparency, we also continue to expand and update disclosures related to how we operate the business, some of which we've referenced here. And we're pleased to continue to be recognized by leading ESG rating services such as MSCI for our actions and our disclosures in this space. One final comment before I wrap up. As you know, there have been several weather events this quarter, including the severe flooding in New York State. While we no longer have regulated utility operations there, we do operate the water system and 2 wastewater treatment plants at U.S. Military Academy West Point through our Military Services Group business. Our teams there went above and beyond to ensure West Point could continue to operate and have continued access to safe and reliable water and wastewater services, and we did so safely. Our teams across the entire business are experts at what they do every day. We thank them and are grateful for their commitment and expertise in delivering to those we serve and doing so in a safe and sustainable way.  With that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Paul Zimbardo from Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo : Great. The first question I had was, I know there was a good number of changes on the drivers within full year '23 guidance. If you could just unpack like where were you seeing that better revenue net O&M strength in the year-to-date or second half, wherever it lands.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Let me comment first and certainly, John can add to it. I think really it's -- you can look on the revenue side, primarily timing of rate cases and the resulting revenue increases and then also additional costs that we have built into those rate cases. We've been talking quite a bit about inflationary impacts and higher chemical costs and production costs, and we've been successful in getting those higher costs built into a number of the cases we did last year. And as those cost increases have gone up, the associated revenue recovery has gone up. So I'd say those are the primary drivers. On the sort of financing cost side, those changes really driven by just the timing of primarily this long-term debt issue we just did and then higher costs associated with short-term debt financing. I think, John, that probably covers the main ones. Any other items to add?
John Griffith: Yes, I think it does. That's right. Paul, we started to pick up New Jersey revenue last September, so that moderates year-over-year growth. And I'd say on from an inflation perspective, we're starting to see production costs moderate as we've come through the second quarter here.
Paul Zimbardo : Okay. Great. And then on the balance sheet side, I know a great job cleaning up, taking out all that short-term debt. On the long term, 1 question I had was, I noticed you changed the language slightly to equal to or less than 60% debt to total cap versus before it’s just less than 60%. Does that mean you anticipate that trending up closer to 60%? Just overall thoughts on kind of where you stand on that going through the long-term plan?
John Griffith: Yes. Paul, no real change there as we’re thinking about it. As you know, we’re raising financing in a periodic sort of manner. So we do expect to trend up over time until we reset again with equity, but no significant change there.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Seaport.
Angie Storozynski : So first, maybe -- you mentioned the rainy July in New York State. I mean it's for us living in the Mid-Atlantic, it seems like it's been the weather pattern in New Jersey and Pennsylvania as well. So is there any sense how -- if there's an offset to that $0.07 weather benefit from the second quarter thus far in the third quarter?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Angie, we don't have any sort of prediction so far on impacts in July. I'd just remind you again that our outlook for the year remains on track to hit our expectations, again, on a weather-normalized basis. So just a bit early to tell what impact July may have across the entire territory.
Angie Storozynski : Okay. Secondly, the exchangeable bonds that you guys did, I mean they came at a low coupon likely -- I mean, probably not something that you have considered in your guidance. So should I think that it's actually a benefit to guidance? And also, how does that tie up to the financing of those 2 big acquisitions that you expect to close later this year? Were they always planned to close still in '23. Again, I'm just trying to see if there's any benefit from an interest expense perspective.
Susan Hardwick: I'll answer the second part first and then ask John to sort of come the financing impacts. We continue to look very closely at the timing of those 2 transactions. And we've always expected them to be sort of at or close to year-end. That's still our expectation. That's been built in our plan all along. The regulatory process is a bit unpredictable, but we feel confident about the ability to get those wrapped up right towards the end of this year. John, you want to comment on the financing piece.
John Griffith: Angie, I would just say on the financing piece that we set our plan last fall at a time when we can't predict interest rates. And I think where we've come out on the convert is consistent with our guidance and our affirmation of 2023.
Angie Storozynski : Okay. And my last question on the municipal M&A. So you've been very successful at those very large acquisitions even though some other companies have stumbled from those. Is this very much sort of a deal specific issue. So there's no any deterioration in the regulatory environment or the receptivity of municipalities to sell large assets? I mean, again, we're trying to see if there's a trend, you seem to be way more successful than others in large municipal M&A?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think, Angie, I'll say what I always say here, I think we are very good at it. I think we spend a lot of time in these communities, cultivating the relationship. Our teams are very much embedded in these communities. I think they work closely with communities to define the need and to come up with the best solutions to meet those needs. I think that is continuing to be our strongest asset as it relates to acquisitions. I think the prospect for deals also continues to evolve. And I'd say these larger deals have come about I think because circumstances warranted. It doesn't signal a change in our strategy. It doesn't signal a change in what I believe to be the environment either for opportunity or regulatory acceptance or enthusiasm for deals generally. So I'd just say they're circumstantial, and our expertise, I think, continues to be a real advantage we have here.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill from UBS.
Gregg Orrill : Regarding the Indiana rate case proceeding on schedule, are you expecting revenue recommendations from interveners? So is that coming up?
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think the normal process would be to have testimony filed with all the parties in the case, sort of later this summer, early fall. So I think the normal process, we would expect to see sort of full recommendations or positions taken by the various parties through that process.
Gregg Orrill : Okay. Sort of traditional process like other places?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Yes, really nothing different.
Operator: The next question is from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
James Kennedy: It's actually James on for Shar. I guess, just -- First question was just on the PFAS figures, so the $1 billion. I guess, could you just speak to maybe the puts and takes as it relates to your ability to update with the capital plan on the third quarter call. What, I guess, a little bit more color on how we should think about what of that $1 billion can roll into the forthcoming plan?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question and it's something obviously we're continuing to work on. And Cheryl alluded to this in her comments, we would expect to have quite a bit more visibility on our third quarter call, partly because our evaluation is certainly ongoing and our continued analysis of our various facilities to see where we may have exposure and what sort of treatment may be necessary. So that process is continuing. But I'd also just say this is the time of year where we're doing all of our work relative to our financial plan. All the various updates throughout the business, and our capital planning is certainly a big part of that. So our normal cadence would be to continue to work through that planning process and be complete with it in the early fall with the expectation that we would roll out our guidance and expectations for the next year and then the next 5-year and even 10-year outlook relative to capital when we get to that third quarter call. So we're just on sort of a normal cadence from a planning perspective. And then, as I said, on the evaluation of potential exposure. We're just still in the process of doing that work. And Cheryl, anything to add there?
Cheryl Norton: No. I would just say that we also continue to collect samples at all these locations to just verify what the levels are and look for any seasonal kinds of variations and such as that. So we're still drilling into the details, but as Susan said, as we go through our regular planning process, we're using our prioritization models and deciding what could we move out or not move out. And so it's a lot of work and the teams really dug into the details right now.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. And I think that is the key. We just need to complete that risk analysis piece, and we'll see how much of this $1 billion ultimately results in incremental capital expansion of the plan versus just shifting to later periods, shifting other work to later periods.
James Kennedy: And I guess just the follow-up to that, too, is just the -- so we've got a few different regulations, EPA, a little uncertain over the circular designations. But has any of this changed your near-term approach to wastewater M&A?
Susan Hardwick: No, I don't think so. We're continuing to look at that as a very important part of our strategy and continuing to look at those opportunities. We think there's a good set of opportunities in that space, largely driven again by just the aging infrastructure and how many of those systems were built initially and then many of them coming to sort of the end of their useful life. So we think the opportunities are plentiful. I would say it doesn't change our strategy relative to that. But I do think, as we think about sort of total capital allocation and from a risk perspective and a growth opportunity perspective, we'll manage all of those opportunities within our capital financing capabilities.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] This concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference call has now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave : Thank you, Betsy. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the first quarter earnings release and in March 31st Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO, will share highlights of results, 2023 EPS guidance and longer-term target and proposed PFAS rule recently announced by the USCPA. John Griffith, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will cover our first quarter financial results in more detail, discuss our successful equity issuance and we'll close with an update on sizeable acquisitions announced so far this year. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our capital investment plan and active general rate cases and conclude with the few regulatory updates including details of the EPA’s proposed PFAS rule. We will then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. As we announced yesterday, we're off to a good start in 2023 with strong financial results. As shown on slide 5, earnings were $0.91 per share for the quarter compared to $0.87 per share last year. The increased results were as expected and put us on track to achieve our full year earnings guidance, which we're pleased to affirm. Here you can also see a recap of some of our other key accomplishments so far in 2023, and John and Cheryl will add to these in their remarks. As we announced in March, we completed a very successful upsized equity issuance of $1.7 billion of American Water common stock. This delivered on the highest priority in our 2023 financing plan. We also invested well over $500 million of capital in infrastructure in the quarter. In addition, we secured two large acquisitions so far this year, which puts us at over $550 million acquisitions under agreement. We did all of this while keeping customer bills affordable and staying true to our high value of quality service. The other significant news in the first quarter for us and the water industry as a whole came from the US Environmental Protection Agency when they released proposed national standards for PFAS. We support the EPA's efforts to protect drinking water quality. These contaminants are among the multiple challenges the water industry faces regarding water quality, quantity and reliability. We remain steadfast in our commitment to be a leader in the US water and wastewater industry and a provider of solutions to these challenges. Providing safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater service to customers has been American Water's mission for over 130 years. We will continue to work cooperatively with the EPA and with Congress, regulators and policymakers in support of water quality standards that protect customers and communities balanced with affordability. Cheryl will elaborate further on the PFAS proposal and our response to it. But I want to assure our customers, regulators, investors and other stakeholders that American Water has the expertise and the will to tackle this issue head on and to advocate for reasonable policies and outcomes related to this very important topic. Turning to slide 6. As I mentioned, we are affirming our 2023 EPS guidance range of $4.72 to $4.82 per share as well as our long term targets. We believe our strong regulatory and operational execution is a positive differentiator from our peers. As we've done in the past, we expect to consistently deliver on our annual and long term plans, growing earnings and dividends at a top tier pace over the next five years and beyond. Moving on to slide 7. As we announced yesterday, our Board of Directors increased the company's quarterly cash dividend from $0.6550 per share to $0.7075 per share, an 8% increase. We have grown our dividend at a compounded annual growth rate of 9.7% over the last five years, significantly outpacing most of our utility peers. Looking ahead, we continue to expect to grow our dividend at 7% to 9% per year on average, which is in line with our compelling 7% to 9% EPS growth target. Our Board and management team understand and appreciate how important the dividend component of our total shareholder return is to many of our investors. And with that, let me turn it over to John to cover some first quarter highlights and financial results in more detail. John?
John Griffith: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Turning to slide 9, I'll start by reviewing the equity issuance completed in March, really the first primary offering of meaningful size for American Water since 2009. As we've said, our plan was to issue in 2023 a significant portion of the $2 billion of expected equity needed in our current five year plan that goes through 2027. We were pleased to see very strong demand for the offering, which was upsized, and the greenshoe fully exercised for proceeds of $1.7 billion. The remaining portion of the $2 billion of our currently planned equity is expected to be issued near the end of this five year plan. We used the proceeds to bring our commercial paper balance down to zero by quarter end with a modest amount of cash left over. With the equity issuance, our balance sheet is fortified to fund our robust water and wastewater investment well into the future. Our total debt to capital ratio, which at year end was just above our target of 60% or less, has meaningfully to 54% as of quarter end. With our growth plan, this metric will rise somewhat over the next few years until we reset again as we receive in late 2026 the no proceeds from our sale of HOS and issue the remaining equity that is in our current five year plan. So to wrap up on equity, we believe the execution of this issuance is another indicator that the American Water investment thesis is strong, led by our compelling growth story and the leadership role we play in the utility sector. I'd like to take a moment to thank our treasury, legal, IR and many other teams at American Water, as well as our external advisors who worked diligently to prepare us to be ready to execute this transaction early in the year when the window of opportunity emerged. Turning our attention to slide 10, I'll provide some further insights into our financial results for the quarter earnings were $0.91 per share for the quarter, up $0.04 per share versus the same period in 2022. As you know, we have completed rate cases recently in our larger states and are seeing the increased revenues as a result. These additional revenues are driven by the significant investments we are making in our infrastructure, including the acceleration of spend made possible by the proceeds from the sales of New York American Water and Homeowner Services. As we've said consistently since the sales, it takes time to reinvest the sales proceeds and we are beginning to see those impacts. And looking at operating costs. higher pension expense of about $0.03per share and inflationary pressure on chemical, fuel and power costs of about $0.04 per share were largely mitigated by the higher revenues. Our proactive strategy last year to seek rate case recovery in many of our large jurisdictions of rising production costs and expected higher pension costs has positioned us favorably to limit the bottom line impact of those higher costs in 2023. As with the rate case we just filed in Indiana, we will be looking to recover higher operating costs in other jurisdictions over the next year though earning a full return on rate based investments and acquisitions continues to be the key driver of our general rate cases. Next, depreciation increased $0.06 per share and interest on additional long term debt increased $0.04 per share due to the $800 million senior note issuance from last May, both supporting our investment growth. Interest expense in the quarter also reflected about $0.04 per share from higher short term interest rates. I would also note that the EPS impact of the higher share count from our equity issuance was essentially neutral to EPS when considering the avoided interest cost in the first quarter by paying off commercial paper. We expect dilution from the higher share count net of avoided interest expense to be approximately neutral to EPS for the full year as well. Finally, other net consists primarily of favorable post close adjustments recorded in the first quarter of 2022 from the sale of HOS and additional earnings in 2023 from our new Military Services Group contract with Naval Station Mayport in Florida that we were awarded last summer. Turning to slide 11, you'll see that we are set up for strong growth through acquisitions in 2023 and beyond. We had 27 transactions under agreement across nine states through the end of March, including the Butler Area Sewer Authority wastewater system in Pennsylvania we previously announced, as well as the Towamencin Township wastewater system in Pennsylvania we are purchasing for $104 million as announced in March as part of an agreement to assume that asset purchase agreement from NextEra. Then just a few weeks ago, we were pleased to announce the purchase of the wastewater treatment plant in Granite City, Illinois for $83 million, which puts us at over $550 million of acquisitions under contract. We hope to close on Granite City by the end of 2023 and expect to close on Towamencin by midyear 2024, both pending regulatory approvals, and we look forward to serving those customers. Of course, as we close on transactions, the work to build and refill the acquisition pipeline is continuous across our footprint. Our pipeline of over 1.3 million customer connections is a strong leading indicator that supports this piece of our earnings growth triangle. Before I turn it over to Cheryl, I'll echo Susan's comment that we're off to a very good start to the year. I'm confident in our ability to achieve our 2023 EPS guidance of $4.72 to $4.82 per share. Looking ahead, I am pleased that we have the right fundamentals in place, including our newly strengthened balance sheet, to achieve our long-term financial targets, which we are also affirming today. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk more about our capital investment, rate case and other regulatory updates. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton : Thanks John, and good morning, everyone. Slide 13 shows that our state and corporate leaders and their teams did a great job in the first quarter executing on our increased capital plan. It required significant effort to safely and efficiently deliver the dozens of projects that improved our systems and drove capital investment higher by nearly $100 million in the quarter compared to the same period last year. This result keeps us on pace to hit our goal of approximately $2.9 billion of capital investment spending in 2023. To show the magnitude of our regulatory execution efforts in timely recovery of these investments, you can see on slide 14 that we already have $279 million in annualized new revenues and rates since January of 2023. This includes $229 million from general rate cases and step increases and $50 million from infrastructure surcharges. We also have $144 million of total annualized revenue requests pending, including two infrastructure surcharge proceedings. Moving on to our regulatory strategy on slide 15, our theme here is around timely, consistent recovery of investments and operating costs. We have consistently engaged with policymakers and regulators to find the best ways to invest in water and wastewater infrastructure and achieve timely recovery. When we achieve timely and consistent recovery, it levels out bill increases to our customers, making those bills more manageable. The pie chart on the right side of the page also speaks to timely recovery of our investments across our footprint. Through capital recovery mechanisms and forward test years, we can reduce regulatory lag and lessen the reliance on general rate cases. This enables us not only to earn our allowed return, but also to mitigate the size of general rate increases for our customers. We expect about 75% of capital investment over the next five years to be recoverable through infrastructure mechanisms and through the use of forward test years, which is the key to unlocking a more consistent annual earnings growth pattern for the long term. The ability to execute our regulatory strategies is a critical success factor for continuing to grow our business each year. As water and wastewater industry challenges grow, we'll continue to focus on constructive regulatory and legislative outcomes to help us work through those challenges. Let's go to slide 16 and cover the latest regulatory activity in our states. Shown on this slide is a summary of our pending general rate cases with some key facts for each. In the appendix, you'll also find some details related to infrastructure charges, as well as a snapshot of the key outcomes from the most recent general rate cases in our top ten states. At the end of March, we filed a general rate case in Indiana, reflecting $875 million in water and wastewater system and investments to be made through 2025 to continue providing safe and reliable service. The revenue request also includes an increase in the cost of chemicals and other operating costs that we continue to see. We are seeking to increase revenues over a phased three step process through May 2025 that would result in $87 million of additional annual revenue when fully implemented. In California, our case was filed in July of last year and is progressing as expected so far. We're seeking increased revenues of approximately $95 million over a phased three step process, with rate changes expected to be effective in 2024, 2025 and 2026. We're also still awaiting a ruling from the Commission on the pending cost of capital case. In Missouri, on March 3rd, we were pleased to file a settlement agreement with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The settlement reflects an increase of $95 million in annualized revenues, including $51 million for previously approved infrastructure surcharges. A final decision on this matter is expected in the second quarter of 2023. And finally, earlier this week, the Virginia State Corporation Commission approved the settlement of our rate request, authorizing a total annualized revenue increase of approximately $11 million. Outside of general rate cases, there were a few notable developments since our fourth quarter 2022 call. In California related to the Monterey Water supply project, we signed the Pure Water Monterey expansion agreement following an order issued by the CPUC. We are now allowed to standard ratemaking treatment for the construction funding of the pumps and pipes that were built to support the expansion. Together with the desalination and water reuse projects and process and aquifer storage and recovery online, we believe that a secure water future for the Monterey Peninsula is now possible once the approval process is complete. On the legislative front in Indiana, Senate Bill 180 passed the State House and Senate with bipartisan support and is awaiting the governor's signature where it will become effective immediately. This bill allows for consolidated rates in wastewater systems through Indiana's service enhancement Improvement recovery mechanism. Turning to PFAS, I'll expand on Susan's earlier comments on EPA's proposed rulemaking. While American Water has long been anticipating and preparing for the rulemaking, our initial analyses were primarily based on a federal PFAS standard that would be more in line with the higher treatment limits set by several states. We are carefully reviewing the EPA's proposed drinking water regulation to assess the four parts per trillion limits for PFOA and PFOS, and the application of the hazard index approach for several other chemicals. Our review will assess impacts to our capital and operating expense plan as well as our needed financing. It's logical to assume that the significantly lower treatment level, the number of facilities that will require treatment will be larger, as will the cost. One of our early concerns is that EPA's cost estimates are materially understated. Our analysis continues, and upon completion of our preliminary assessment, we'll submit comments on the proposal to the EPA by May 30. As the EPA develops its final rule, which is expected by the end of 2023, we'll have more information to share based upon further review and analysis. To be very clear, though, American Water joins other water organizations in support of the EPA, Congress and other decision makers in implementing reasonable policies aimed at keep harmful PFAS out of drinking water supplies and communities. In addition to the comments we intend to provide on the proposed rule itself, we also expect to provide comments to the EPA and others on many related issues, including the following. We'll ask for an exemption of water and wastewater systems from financial liability for PFAS under USCPA. We'll also ask to ensure all water and wastewater utility providers, regardless of ownership, have equal access to any and all federal and/or state funding related to treating PFAS. In addition, we'll request permanent federal funding for a water and wastewater low income customer assistance program. Providing safe, reliable and affordable water is American Water's business. We'll continue to work productively with the EPA, Congress, regulators, and policymakers to ensure that the implementation of any final standards protect customers, communities, and the general public. So with that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Hi, good morning, and thank you for the time today. Appreciate all the commentary on the PFAS side, but just want to dig in there a little bit more. Any way to frame the magnitude of capital versus O&M that's particularly levered to an outcome here? At a minimum, is this more of a capital opportunity than an expense concern, or you're kind of flagging both as potential impacts to rates on a go forward basis?
Susan Hardwick: Hey. Good morning, Rich. Yes, it's a great question. Obviously, as Cheryl indicated, we have a lot of analysis to do with this proposed rule at these treatment limits that are proposed. And, you know Rich, how this works. I mean, there's a process to be worked here in terms of comments and feedback to the EPA about the proposed rule. And as Cheryl said, obviously we're quite supportive of what they're trying to accomplish here. And in fact, even at the four parts per trillion, we don't have huge issue with that. I think the issue is around cost. As Cheryl said, our early expectations here are that the EPA estimates around costs are understated. So I think that'll be part of the response that the industry generally provides back to the EPA. For us, as I said and Cheryl said, we're continuing to evaluate the impacts. And as you know, we've talked about this many times, we use a risk based approach to our capital planning. So as we work these projects into our capital plan, it could very well change that risk profile and move other projects out. So as we think about changes to our overall plan, we still got a lot of work to do to determine that. Specific to your question, though, around capital versus O&M, we think there's a fair amount of both that will be necessary at this level. So there'll be capital requirements to have facilities that are able to facilitate the treatment, and then, of course, there'll be an ongoing operating cost associated with the treatment itself. So lots to be learned yet on this and again, direct impacts to our plan yet to be determined.
Richard Sunderland: Okay, understood. That's very helpful context. I guess sticking with the cost side, we spent a lot of time last year discussing chemicals costs, and it came up in the walk this year in terms of the rate recovery of those higher costs. Can you speak a little bit more to the recent trends you're seeing there and maybe bridge that back to your expectations last fall when you laid out the latest plan. How do you think about these expenses impacting customer bills over the next few years?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, Rich, good question. And Cheryl and John certainly can weigh in on this, too. But we have seen, I'd say, a continuation of the impacts that we started seeing really in the second quarter of last year. While some of the increases in certain costs may have started to level out a bit, they still are all elevated, and we expect that to continue for some time. I think the real key here and you touched on it, is the work we did in the regulatory arena to address these costs early on. And we've estimated that roughly 75% of the costs we'll experience in ‘23, we've got fully baked into rates as a result of those cases we did last year. And as Cheryl mentioned, or maybe John did in the prepared remarks in the Indiana case we just filed, we've addressed it there, too. So we think we have done as good a job as could be done to address these costs early on so that they don't have bottom line impact. But we continue to see a fair amount of pressure here on the cost side.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So first maybe like the presentation question. So you no longer show us the breakdown of earnings by segment, right, with no bridge for regulated earnings, market based and corporate? Can you give us this breakdown for the quarter?
Susan Hardwick: Well, I think the waterfall that you have there probably is as good as there is. The impact from the market based business, which is now just military, is very small and on a year-over-year basis, just not much of a variation. The other segment, I think we highlighted the primary driver there, which would have been the gain, the sort of true-up gain on the HOS sale in the first quarter of last year.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. I mean I tried to actually imply from the 10-Q and I couldn't. But anyway, okay, moving on to you didn't mention the weather as a factor in earnings. And that's I think something that we've seen on the electric side and a couple of your water peers have also highlighted as a drag on the quarter. Was that a driver at all?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. First quarter for us is not much of a weather impact year. Cheryl, you want to just talk about seasonality or –
Cheryl Norton : Yes. Our biggest weather impacts are going to be in second and third quarter. Sometimes it will spill over into the fourth quarter, typically the first quarter, unless the weather is really, really severe in one direction or another. We won't see any weather impact at all. And this year, I think the weather was not that dramatic for us to see that impact. So I think we're pretty solid.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then lastly, I noticed that you are pursuing an appeal of that denial of the acquisition adjustment related to the Shorelands acquisition. It looks like a decision will be issued sometime in 2023. So can you, again, I haven't followed it closely, but can you give us a sense of, is this still a long shot? I mean, how important is it for any future growth aspirations you might have? And I know that transaction itself is only $29 million, so that's not that big a deal as far as the goodwill impact. But again, any implications related to this pending case?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, really no implications of any materiality, but Cheryl, you want to comment on status here?
Cheryl Norton : Yes. Angie, yes. The issue is still kind of hanging out there, but there's going to be no real impact to us from a financial perspective. And in all honesty, we found other ways of doing deals so that we're not so worried about the precedents that this decision sets for us. We still believe, like, we have a strong case, but in the grand scheme of things, it really has little to no impact.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then just going back to PFAS, I'm sorry. So I looked at these rules, pretty strict requirements with penalties. Then again, I think that the problem we've seen over the last, I think, couple of decades is that EPA hasn't been really imposing those penalties or really going after the systems that have been non-compliant with the regulations. So I'm just wondering if, how big a difference would there be with this one as far as, for example, your municipal grow, municipal M&A or any sort of additional pressure that should exert on privately or municipally owned systems? Again, because EPA hasn't been particularly diligent in imposing other rules.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think it's a fair observation, Angie, and it's obviously one of the things that we'll address in our comments. We think that these rules should apply, obviously, to all providers and that EPA should use its authority to enforce the rules. There is a track record here, so we'll have to, again, sort of comment on that. As it relates to our views on acquisition potential. John, you want to comment on that? We think there could be some opportunity, but I think you've hit on the key issue.
John Griffith: Yes, Angie. I just say that we look at this issue as another reason on the list for why municipals may choose to sell to us in the future.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Zimbardo with Bank of America.
Paul Zimbardo: Hi, good morning, team. And congrats on the successful equity offering. Just curious, did you consider placing the full bill $2 billion of equity for the whole plan to just take it out of the way given the strong demand? And I believe I heard you say that you expect the equity offering to be EPS neutral on full year 2023 versus plan. Was that correct?
Susan Hardwick: John, you want to comment here?
John Griffith: Sure, yes. On the first part of the question, we tried to remain consistent with the messaging that we had provided to investors in the past. So as we thought about the magnitude of the issuance, we wanted to stay within that range and we did so. With regards to dilution, that's correct. We expect that just given our ability to pay off debt and with where interest rates are, and given how we trade from a valuation perspective, we look at the issuances as EPS neutral.
Paul Zimbardo: Okay, great, then switching topics. I noticed that Indiana legislation as well. Does that influence higher any of the prospective capital or acquisition priorities in the state?
Susan Hardwick: John, you want to comment on that? Yes, the question really, Paul, is around this consolidated rate issue, that legislation you're referring to.
Paul Zimbardo: And the additional mechanism from the new legislation that was enacted, it seems like it could help reduce regulatory lag perspectively.
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think that's probably fair, and I do think it probably creates opportunity around acquisitions. Again, I think it gives us more leverage to grow in Indiana and have used that consolidated revenue mechanism to lessen the bill impact on customers. I think it's a very important piece of legislation from that perspective to, again, sort of facilitate growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Congratulations. Good morning. I was wondering if I could ask your view on sort of Florida as a market for acquisitions. I think there's legislation that's progressing there on fair value and then just how you're thinking about the pursuit of litigation regarding the PFAS rules to help pay and sort of how that would get folded in versus the timeline for compliance. Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Well, those are two big topics, Gregg. First, maybe on Florida, let me just comment there. I think and obviously we're following developments there, as we do sort of across the nation around legislative actions, regulatory actions, et cetera. But I'd say our answer is the same as it always is on potential growth into other states. We really have to see an opportunity to grow substantially in a particular state. We look at regulatory environment, legislative environment, those types of things. And we're constantly looking at opportunities. But all of the parts have to sort of come together, I think, for us to do anything significant beyond our existing footprint, which, of course, we like a lot. We think we have optimized our footprint. We like the environments that we're in. We have great opportunities for growth in our existing jurisdictions. And obviously, that's where our focus continues to be. On your second question around PFAS and litigation and impacts there, as Cheryl mentioned, there is litigation and has been for some time around this. And our goal here, I think the industry's goal, is to while we feel responsible for helping to solve the problem and we are best positioned to do the treatment, we do think it's important that those that are responsible for the production of the chemicals also be held responsible. So our states are actively involved in that litigation and will continue to be. And we do think that's an important part of this overall equation that has to be worked through. And again, customer affordability is at the heart of that. We don't think it's necessary or appropriate for customers to pay for things that they really aren't responsible for. So we'll be actively pursuing that litigation along with the rest of the industry.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Jonathan Reader with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reader: Hey, good morning, team. I just wanted to build a little bit on Angie's earlier question just regarding kind of the segment breakdown a little bit. Can you give us some directional guidance? I don't think your full year was exactly broken out by the two segments and with kind of other being recast to include what's left of market based and the other historical parent and other segment, I think full year 2022 was $0.19 from that segment, but that included I think it was a $19 million pretax gain. So how should we be thinking about, I guess full year ‘23 kind of overall drag there?
Susan Hardwick: Boy, Jonathan, we're going to have to go back and look at those numbers. Those numbers don't sound right to me for the prior year, we had some true-up activity related to the HOS sale, and maybe that's getting confused a bit here, but all that's remaining is our military services group and the earnings year-over-year really not much of a variance, and it's a relatively small part of the overall earnings contribution anyway. But we can follow back up on that reconciliation the numbers that you're quoting, because, again, I don't think that's reflective of the size of the business.
Jonathan Reader: Okay. But, I mean, it sounds like if we just strip out maybe that $19 million pretax true-up gain or whatever, that you're kind of thinking the other part of the business is kind of flattish when we look at it from ‘22 to ‘23.
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Certainly the military services group operations year-over-year relatively flat. We'll need to verify that $19 million pretax number you're quoting there. That doesn't ring a bell to me. I mean, I know there's a number there. I just don't recall it being that. So we'll have Aaron follow back up with you on that just to make sure we got the right numbers there.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Maureen Duffy, Senior Vice President of Communications. Ms. Duffy, you may begin.
Maureen Duffy: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. I'm filling in today for Aaron, who is a bit under the weather. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the fourth quarter earnings release and in our 2022 Form 10-K, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO, will comment on our successful 2022 and our longer-term performance expectations and shareholder value. John Griffith, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will cover our 2022 financial results in more detail, provide an update on acquisition activity and we'll close with a review of our outlook for 2023 and beyond, including financing plans. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our capital investment plan rate base growth expectations and active general rate cases before concluding with some ESG recognition we recently received. We will then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Maureen, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for join us today. As we announced yesterday, we finished 2022 with strong financial results that were just ahead of our plan. As shown on Slide 5, earnings were $4.51 per share for the year, which included $0.06 per share of favorable weather we had previously discussed. Excluding weather, earnings of $4.45 per share were just above the midpoint of the guidance range we shared originally back in November of 2021. Think about what has occurred globally since November of 2021, including widespread inflation, interest rates on a significant climb upward, Russia's invasion of Ukraine, and many people are returning to the office as the world began to stabilize following recurring waves of COVID outbreak. When I reflect on how much has changed in the world since November of 2021, I'm very proud of our company's ability to stay focused on serving our customers safely and reliably, which gave us the ability to confidently execute on the plan we shared 1.5 years ago. I'm also proud of the resilient service we consistently deliver and especially over the last few months during an active and better cold storm season across the country. I want to thank our employees for safely providing reliable service to the 14 million people we serve in their homes, businesses and communities. You can see here on Slide 5, a checklist of some of our key accomplishments in 2022, and John and Cheryl will add to these in their remarks. Overall, we believe the takeaway today for investors and analysts is that our strong execution in 2022, amid a challenging backdrop, coupled with our clear capital growth plan, it demonstrates American Water's ability to deliver on our long-term plan. I'm very confident we can execute our plans in '23 and beyond and the great -- with the great momentum we have from 2022. Turning to Slide 6. As you can see, we have delivered an exceptional total shareholder return over the past five years, including a growing record of significant dividend increases. We're very proud of this history, which also compares favorably on a three-year look back for TSR. I want to acknowledge, though, that our stock and water utility stocks in general did not perform as well in 2022 compared to the broader utility sector. Valuations of high PE stocks fell rapidly in the first half of 2022 as actual and expected interest rate hikes changed the landscape of investment opportunities. As a result, the PE multiple gap that had greatly expanded between water utilities and electric and gas utilities in recent years narrowed in 2022, all of that while we continued our very strong performance. This chart shows clearly the impact of the macro environment we have been in and how it affected valuation without regard to specific performance. And as we've seen so far in 2023, this revaluing of the market has stabilized as many other macroeconomic drivers have stabilized, including interest rates. If this continues to hold true, I'm confident our company's fundamentals and the execution of our strategies will drive shareholder value and very competitive total shareholder returns for many years to come, which takes us to Slide 7. The comments that we'll share today are an affirmation of the financial plan, targets and guidance we laid out last November. Later, John will recap the drivers for growth in 2023, but big picture, we believe the combination of our EPS growth, our strong dividend, and ESG premium, and the affordability of our service continues to be rewarded by investors and distinguishes us from others in the utility sector. I'll remind you that we believe the runway for our growth and for achieving these targets is very long, certainly through 2027 in our five-year plan and beyond. This is primarily, of course, due to significant investments in infrastructure and regulated acquisitions. And we get further into the plan, see the full effect on earnings from the increased capital spending and continue our track record of success in the regulatory arena we will deliver on our earnings growth plan and within the target range. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to cover more detail on 2022 financial results, our '23 outlook and our financing plans. John?
John Griffith: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 9. I'll start by providing more details on our financial results for the year. In 2022, earnings were $4.51 per share compared to $6.95 per share in 2021. Fourth quarter and full year 2021 results included a gain of $2.70 per share from the sale of Homeowner Services and the $0.19 per share contribution to the American Water Charitable Foundation from the proceeds of the sale. Excluding this net gain in 2021, earnings grew by $0.26 per share in 2022. Earnings on infrastructure investment were the key driver of the growth. In 2022, we saw an increase of $0.89 per share related to higher revenues from new rates, acquisitions and organic growth. Also, as discussed last quarter, weather was favorable by an estimated $0.06 per share in 2022 and $0.04 net year-over-year due primarily to warmer and drier conditions in 2022. Revenues in 2022 were favorable to plan for the year due to healthy organic demand and favorable and timely rate case execution in addition to the favorable weather. These factors, combined with expense management and lower pension costs as compared to plan, helped offset the impacts of inflation we earned in 2022. Specifically, O&M and other expense increased by $0.31 per share year-over-year with an estimated $0.23 of inflationary costs on chemicals, power and other fuel and higher interest rates. O&M and other also increased due to interest expense on new debt, state-level revenue taxes and insurance. Depreciation expense also increased $0.14 per share in support of growth in the regulated businesses. And as a reminder, 2021 results included $0.12 per share of operating earnings from our former New York subsidiary. The other operating segment results decreased in 2022 as the $0.31 per share of operating earnings from HOS in 2021 was mostly offset by $0.24 per share of earnings in 2022 from interest income and revenue share agreements. Finally, I want to note that we have a slide in the appendix that provides some additional details on fourth quarter results, which were also on plan. Turning to Slide 10. You'll see that in 2022, we had a strong year of business development growth as we closed on $335 million of acquisitions, which represents 70,000 customer connections across seven states. I think it's worth pausing for a minute to acknowledge the tremendous amount of work it takes across our state teams in collaboration with our corporate team to develop these opportunities, execute purchase agreements and most importantly, close on such a sizable number of acquisitions. The final statistics on any one calendar year's worth of acquisitions are often the result of many years of groundwork. We are confident we are the right choice for communities and search of solutions to their challenges, and we will continue to drive that vision. We are set up well for 2023 to be a strong year for growth through acquisitions. To start the year, we had $326 million of signed purchase agreements across nine states, which includes the Butler Area Sewer Authority, wastewater system in Pennsylvania, we talked about last quarter. The integration work to add Butler's customers, operations and employees on to the American Water platform is progressing as planned. We expect to close on that acquisition by the end of 2023, pending regulatory approval and look forward to serving these new customers. Of course, as we close on transactions, the work to build and refill the acquisition pipeline is continuous across our footprint. Our pipeline of over 1.3 million customer connections is a strong leading indicator that supports this piece of our earnings growth triangle. Moving to a discussion of our financial health. On Slide 11, we provide a summary of our strong financial condition as we head into 2023. As a sign of continued financial strength, both S&P and Moody's have recently affirmed our credit ratings of single A and Baa1, respectively, and with a stable outlook for both. We believe our debt maturity levels, along with our planned debt issuances, are very manageable. Our laddered approach to long-term debt financings over the years is important to minimize interest rate risk in a rising rate environment. I expect us to continue to issue fixed-rate long-term debt to protect against interest rate volatility. For total debt to capital, which at year-end was just above our target of 60% or less, we expect a meaningful decrease in 2023 when we issue equity. And finally, on liquidity, we continue to remain confident that we will have sufficient access to capital for the foreseeable future. Moving on to Slide 12. As Susan mentioned, we are affirming our earnings guidance for 2023 in the range of $4.72 to $4.82 per share. With our record of execution, we are confident in our ability to achieve our earnings expectations for 2023. The factors behind our 2023 guidance and long-term outlook are consistent with our messaging when we initiated 2023 guidance in November of 2022. This year's growth builds on the accelerated CapEx plan we put forth in November of 2021, which is driven by capital investment to serve our customers. Recent acquisitions that are being incorporated into active rate cases or just completed rate cases will also drive revenue and earnings growth this year. The regulatory solutions we pursued in our recent cases and are pursuing in our active cases such as cost deferrals and expense recovery mechanisms are closely aligned with the interest of our -- of regulators and customers. This approach helps to manage affordability and limit variability of customer bills, which ultimately aligns with our investors' interests as well. We are confident that we have in place regulatory solutions for over 75% of the elevated costs we anticipate in the near term, including certain production costs, interest and pension costs. As it relates to pension costs, with our year-end pension obligation re-measurement completed, we now know the pension expense for 2023, and it is fully reflected in our unchanged 2023 EPS guidance range. Finally, 2023 results will benefit from MSG's successful addition of its first Navy contract that we announced last summer, which will be fully transitioned in March of this year. Moving on to our financing plan. We continue to expect to issue an estimated $2 billion of equity from 2023 through 2027. Consistent with our prior messaging, subject to market conditions, we plan to raise a significant portion of the total planned equity in 2023. The remaining portion of the $2 billion of planned equity not completed in 2023 is expected to be issued near the end of the current five-year plan. As we've said for several quarters now, we expect equity will be a regular financing tool to fund incremental growth in the investment plan and to maintain a strong balance sheet. We also continue to expect to raise capital annually in the debt markets, including later this year. On Slide 13, we are affirming some more specifics regarding the key drivers for 2023 that I just discussed. These drivers are also generally consistent with what we shared last quarter, and demonstrate the importance of our ongoing regulatory execution. Recent new revenue in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Illinois, together with infrastructure surcharge mechanisms account for a significant majority of the $1.10 to $1.20 per share revenue increase in 2023 shown on this slide, also reflected on the financing plans we expect to execute in 2023 that I just reviewed. Wrapping up on Slide 14, I'll echo Susan on how we drive our growth strategy and our operating plans to achieve our company's targets and goals. For the communities we already serve and the communities we hope to serve in the future, the capital investment needs that are required to deliver more sustainable water and wastewater services are very large. It's up to us to find ways to balance these investment needs with the affordability of services for our customers. As you've heard today, we are affirming our long-term earnings and dividend growth targets and our other long-term financial targets remain unchanged. We believe our 7% to 9% EPS and dividend growth targets are compelling and maintain our position in the top tier of growth in the industry. The combination of our growth outlook, supported by our significant yet low-risk capital investment plan, as well as our ESG leadership premium and constructive position on affordability should continue to be rewarded by investors. Based upon this and our history of executing on our strategies, we expect to continue to deliver a very competitive, sustainable shareholder return for many years to come. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to cover our CapEx and rate base growth plan, rate case updates, and more on ESG. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 16, I want to start by acknowledging that our entire company did an excellent job of safely executing on our accelerated capital plan and safely performing our day-to-day work in 2022. While we didn't reach our ultimate goal of zero injuries, we did record our best year ever in terms of safety performance. That's quite an achievement since 2022 was also a record year of total investment in American Water, and we experienced some extreme weather conditions. We slightly exceeded our $2.5 billion goal for the year by making prudent investment decisions across our footprint and by acquiring many new systems, which John spoke about earlier. Looking ahead to 2023, and as we told you in November, we increased our investment plan this time to $2.9 billion overall and roughly $2.5 billion for capital expenditures. This will likely be our new annual threshold for the next few years. Coupled with detailed project plans, we expect this pace of investment to drive improvements in water quality and reliability for the benefit of our customers. These investments also generate significant economic benefit to the local and regional economies while improving the environmental compliance of the systems and the communities. These investments should also favorably impact our pipe replacement cycles, which are much better than the industry average. Taken together, these actions demonstrate how the values of ESG are integrated into our everyday work. Turning to Slide 17. I won't spend much time here, but this graph simply illustrates the result of our continued execution on capital investments. The combination of infrastructure projects and acquisitions is succeeding in growing our rate base at a long-term rate of 8% to 9%. Rate base growth, of course, will drive earnings growth as we make prudent investments in our systems with constructive regulatory outcomes. Let's move to Slide 18 and review the major components of our 10-year capital investment expenditure plan. Our focus continues to be infrastructure renewal at 68% to 70% of the plan through 2032. These investments are primarily for pipe replacement and upgrading water and wastewater treatment facilities. We also expect to allocate 10% to 12% of our capital expenditures to resiliency in order to harden our systems, improve cyber and physical security, and address climate variability. This allocation has increased over where we've been historically. Our resiliency has been tested over the past few months with floods in California and the bitter cold temperatures in many of our service territories over this past holiday season. As Susan said earlier, our systems and our teams did a great job of weathering the storms and preventing any major service disruptions during these recent events. It shouldn't be lost on our investors or other stakeholders that our employees in the field have the best skills, training and expertise in the industry, which leads to these great results when we're tested. Our commitment to make needed investments to enhance water quality remains very strong, including steps we're taking to improve our comprehensive source water protection programs and upgrade our treatment facilities. Every water provider must be prepared to address a broader range of contaminants and be ready to meet more stringent regulations. Finally, we'll continue to invest in new technologies to enhance our customer experience and enable our employees to drive efficiencies. Overall, our capital plan is very much aligned with our environmental goals and other ESG-related values that we prioritize as a company. Let's go to Slide 19 and cover the latest regulatory activity in our states. Shown on this slide is a summary of pending or recently completed general rate cases with some key facts for each. In the appendix, you'll also find some details related to infrastructure surcharges as well as a snapshot of the key outcomes from the most recent general rate case in our top 10 states. As Susan alluded to in her comments earlier, for us, the ability to execute on our regulatory strategies is a critical success factor for continuing to grow our business every year. However, we know that customer affordability is especially online of many utility investors and analysts heading into 2023, a topic I'll speak more about in a few minutes. Because of these concerns, we believe our constructive rate case outcomes in 2022 should be tangible evidence of the support we have from regulators for needed infrastructure investments to deliver high-quality service to our customers. The common thread in all of these general rate cases is the focus on recovery of infrastructure investments made since the last round of cases totaling over $4 billion, and in some states, the rolling of acquisitions. As we said, though, there are infrastructure mechanisms in several of our states that are reducing the lag of regulatory recovery. This works alongside our time frame between general rate cases of about two years in our bigger states. Turning briefly to active rate cases. Our cases in California and Missouri were filed in July and are progressing as expected so far. In January of 2023, we filed an update in Missouri for costs and other needed elements of the case with hearings to be held this month. We expect the case to reach conclusion by the end of the second quarter of 2023. In California, we recently applied for a Water Resources Sustainability Plan, which is an update to the general rate case. This plan requests the continuation of a decoupling mechanism that stems from legislation the governor recently signed that allows the California Public Utilities Commission to consider a decoupling mechanism. We believe decoupling is a ratemaking strategy that's good for both our customers and for the environment because it rewards customers for conserving water as we make investments to renew and improve our drinking water infrastructure. The filing has also been updated with more timely customer demand estimates and to reflect present rates approved by the commission, effective January 1, 2023. The application itself includes infrastructure renewals, wildfire mitigation, climate resiliency efforts and strengthening affordability programs in addition to the new Water Resources Sustainability Plan. And in Virginia, we have a settlement on file and expect a final decision in the first quarter of 2023. On the regulatory front outside of general rate cases, there were a few notable developments since our third quarter call. Staying in California and relating to the Monterey Water Supply Project, in November, the Coastal Commission approved our desalination coastal development permit application after many years of community discussion and in light of some additional commitments from us to the community. Then in December, the California Public Utilities Commission issued its decision that authorizes us to enter into an amended water purchase agreement and addressed rate recovery for the associated facilities. Subsequently, we filed an application for rehearing, requesting inclusion of all infrastructure costs in the cost cap for the groundwater replenishment project expansion and requested AFUDC that was not included in the decision. We are awaiting a ruling on our application. American Water is committed to being a solutions provider to the communities in Monterey County, both through the advances in the water supply project and through maintaining our current level of operations in the area. Just last month, several communities in Monterey were impacted by evacuations due to flooding that occurred there. Because of our amazing employees and reliable assets, California American Water maintained normal service to its customers during this challenging time. Finally, in California, we're still awaiting a ruling from the commission on the pending cost of capital case. Switching gears to Pennsylvania. Last month, the Department of Environmental Protection issued a maximum contaminant standard for two PFAS chemicals. Based on our proactive testing, we've identified one American Water location in Pennsylvania that requires action based on the new regulations. The treatment upgrade for that facility was already in process and is anticipated to be online later this year. In the meantime, we've taken the contaminated well out of service temporarily to manage PFAS levels in the water provided to our customers and ensure early compliance with the new regulations. We are still awaiting the new U.S. EPA standards, which we anticipate will be delivered later this year. We've already performed significant testing and analysis across our systems in compliance with state level guidance and have been acknowledged for that work, which will help inform our action plans when the EPA issues its standards. For example, our Short Hill Station project in New Jersey was completed to meet New Jersey state regulations and was recognized with the Governor's Environmental Excellence Award in 2020 for its leadership in water treatment related to PFAS removal. Broadly, we believe we are the leaders in the industry on this topic, as evidenced by our work with the Water Research Foundation on PFAS communications and other projects. Our research scientists are frequently invited by the EPA, Maybrook, AWWA, and the Water Research Foundation to speaking engagements that inform stakeholders and colleagues in the water industry. Finally, we were honored to be the only private utility invited to a recent event at the White House focusing on reducing lead exposure, replacing both the companies' and customers' portions of lead service lines is a part of our current capital plan. Our goal is to replace a significant majority of known lead service lines in our service areas by the year 2030. To show the magnitude of our regulatory execution efforts, you can see on Slide 20 that we have $416 million in annualized new revenues and rates since January of 2022. This includes $308 million from general rate cases and step increases and $108 million from infrastructure surcharges. We have $181 million of total annualized revenue request pending, which includes two infrastructure surcharge proceedings. Throughout the remainder of the year, we expect to file additional general rate cases to cover infrastructure investments and acquisitions since the last cases. As always, execution on these regulatory priorities is key to our plan for growth in the business. Because we make prudent investments and have skilled and dedicated employees working on these cases, we're very confident in obtaining constructive outcomes as we did in 2022. On Slide 21, as I mentioned earlier, customer affordability is front and center in the utility industry in 2023. One of the most difficult challenges we face in the water and wastewater industry is balancing customer affordability with the magnitude of the system investments that are needed. Thankfully, as we now have another full year's data to reflect on, our company is still in a very good relative position in terms of affordability or wallet share at less than 1% of median household income. We continue to believe that our affordability proposition is an important differentiator. And finally, on Slide 22, I'd like to highlight an ESG story that is a bit different than others than the others we have shared this past year. We're proud to say that American Water earns the SAFETY Act Designation from the Department of Homeland Security in 2022, the first water and wastewater company to do so. Not only is this great recognition of the work we do every day to keep our employees and community safe, but it also gives us the opportunity to strengthen our processes and increase knowledge sharing with the U.S. government. So with that, I'll turn it back over to the operator and begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: At this time, we will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland: Maybe starting with the equity update. I know you reiterated a similar language to 3Q, but just -- now that we're getting into 2023, I just wanted to see if there was anything else you could share on kind of timing your message as we're into the calendar year now.
Susan Hardwick: Rich, thanks for the question. I'll ask John to comment on that.
John Griffith: Rich, no update in terms of timing. We'll issue the bulk of the $2 billion in 2023. And then whatever we don't issue in '23, we'll issue in the back end of our 2023 to 2027 plan period.
Richard Sunderland: Okay. Got it. Very clear. And then you noted the stabilizing chemical costs, and I see the differences in the '23 walk from 3Q and then the current tech. But just is that really the -- looking at, I think, is a $0.01 revision there on the total range. Is that really the change you're seeing versus initial assumptions? I guess, what I'm really getting at is across that intention, any kind of movement within the guidance range now that you have final marks and more line of sight on the chemicals front relative to your initial outlook?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Rich, I'd say no change from what we've previously discussed, both in terms of our results in '22 and expectations for '23. As we talked last quarter, pretty successful in the regulatory arena to really mitigate most of that exposure going into '23. And now that we finished our pension re-measurement, as John commented on, certainly anticipate no change to our guidance relative to that issue.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: To follow-up on the equity, just how does that position you for incremental acquisitions? Is there sort of any element of prefunding there? And then if there's a follow-up, just on the rate base, how did that come in for 2022 versus your expectation? And how does that -- if it's different, how does that impact your guidance going forward?
Susan Hardwick: Let me take the first -- or the second part of that first. No surprises relative to rate base as we ended the year. And again, as we look out really into this five-year period, don't expect any changes from what we've previously shown you around rate base. And John, you want to comment on the equity question?
John Griffith: Sure. Greg, I would just say that the amount of equity that we're raising and the cadence of the equity does capture the various scenarios that we've run around regulated acquisitions.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference call has now concluded as well. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for 1 year on American Water's Investor Relations website.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Sarah. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our September 30 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. And finally, all statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO, will discuss third quarter and year-to-date highlights and touch on 2023 guidance and our long-term targets.  John Griffith, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will cover our financial results in detail, will provide an update on active general rate cases and acquisition activity, and will close with further details on our 2023 and longer-term outlook, including the overall financing plan. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then discuss our capital investment plan, rate base growth expectations and our focus on affordability. Cheryl will then conclude with a review of some important new operating goals and disclosures that align with our focus on ESG. We'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. As Aaron said, we have a lot to discuss this morning in addition to third quarter results. And specifically, we also want to cover today our outlook for 2023 and our longer-term targets. As you know, last year, at this time, we shared some significant news when we sold our homeowner services business to transition to a pure-play regulated water and wastewater utility. In that update, we announced a new 5-year plan and acceleration of capital investments and some adjustments to our financial targets. The updates that we'll share today are largely an affirmation of last year's plan and targets with adjustments primarily reflecting the shift out to 2027 in our 5-year outlook. We will also share additional thoughts and plans around our continuing ESG journey. So let's dive in and turn to Slide #5, where I'll start by covering some highlights of 2022 to date. In the first 9 months of 2022, earnings were $3.70 per share compared to $3.40 per share in the same period of 2021. Strong organic growth and increased earnings from infrastructure investments continue to be our year-over-year drivers for the quarter and year-to-date periods. Favorable weather also added to results in the third quarter.  Though we generally, like others, are experiencing a higher cost environment, our team continues to deliver on our financial and operating plans. This includes staying on track to achieve our total capital investment goal of $2.5 billion in 2022 and executing on significant regulatory activities, including constructive settlements in 2 of our outstanding general rate cases. Further, we continue to effectively manage and mitigate cost increases and have been successful in recent regulatory efforts to further lessen the impact of inflationary pressures into the future. These regulatory solutions are very important to our ability to manage inflationary headwinds as we move into 2023. So I'm pleased that we've successfully executed our plan so far this year in a challenging and very active period. John and Cheryl will provide additional details on financial, operating and regulatory results later in today's call. But before I move on, let me comment about how excited we were to sign an agreement a few weeks ago to serve the nearly 15,000 customers of the Butler Area Sewer Authority in Western Pennsylvania. This is another great example of how partnerships with municipalities can lead to positive outcomes for customers, employees and the community at large. Our team worked very hard to understand the community's objectives and created an opportunity that we believe benefits all stakeholders. Turning to Slide 6. As announced yesterday, we affirmed our 2022 earnings guidance. We continue on track to meet our expectations for the year as we've indicated throughout the year. And in addition, we have had the incremental contribution from weather this quarter. Also yesterday, we initiated our 2023 earnings guidance of $4.72 to $4.82 per share. This near-term plan as well as our longer-term plan remains very strong, and with our record of execution we are confident in our ability to achieve our earnings expectations for 2023.  Later, John will talk more about the drivers of our growth in 2023, but our expected growth builds on the accelerated CapEx plan we put forth last year. As we've said many times, the full effect on earnings growth from the increasing capital spending will ramp up over time. John will talk further about our updated financing plan, but this plan reflects our prior discussion that the growing investment plan will result in regular access to equity capital. As we've illustrated on this slide, we expect our investments in infrastructure and regulated acquisitions to drive significant earnings growth through 2017 and beyond. Finally, on Slide 7, I want to make a few comments about our purpose here at American Water and how that drives our growth strategy, our operating plans and our company's targets and goals. Our mission is to provide safe, clean, affordable and reliable water and wastewater services to the communities across the country. Our services are vital to sustaining life. So while much has said in the news about the clean energy transition that's happening, what drives us every day is an equally important need in our country. We believe that everyone should have access to safe, clean, affordable and reliable drinking water and wastewater services, and that communities are stronger because American Water has the privilege to serve them.  It's true that we have many similarities to the utilities, and we embrace the knowledge sharing and best practices that can come with those similarities. In fact, we joined EEI as a strategic partner a few years ago because of common values around customer service, safety and cybersecurity, to name just a few. And as many of you know, I've spent most of my career in the gas and the electric industry. So I have a deep appreciation for the utility industry as a whole. However, the water industry and American Water also have some important differences from other utilities. Our capital projects, for example, are much smaller on average than those in the electric and natural gas industries. Even though they add up to a similar and very significant investment need. Another difference is our greenhouse gas emissions footprint, which is very small compared to most other publicly traded electric and gas utilities.  That said, we are seeing the impacts that climate variability can have through more extreme droughts or more severe floods. We strongly believe we must do our part to reduce overall greenhouse gas emissions. We have now set ambitious greenhouse gas reduction goals, including achieving net 0 by 2050. Along with our goals for system resiliency, and water use and efficiency, we see our greenhouse gas reduction goals as part of our commitment to provide superior and affordable service to our customers. We believe American Water is the leader in a clean water and wastewater transition in the United States. For the communities we already serve and the communities we hope to serve in the future, the capital investment needs that are required to deliver more sustainable water and wastewater services are immense. It's up to us to find ways to balance those CapEx needs with the affordability of services for our customers. That's why we've added a customer affordability target to our list of key drivers you see here.  As a company, we also continue to raise the bar on our efforts to create a fair and equitable place to work in addition to making sure our operations align with the spirit of environmental justice. Two recent examples of our broad focus were the recognition through the 2022 WaterSense Excellence Award from the Environmental Protection Agency and the 2022 Leading Disability Employer by the National Organization on Disability. Cheryl will provide some examples later of the good things we are doing internally in these areas. Finally, on this slide, you can see we are affirming our long-term earnings growth targets, and most of our other long-term financial targets remain unchanged. During our planning process this fall, we decided to narrow our long-term dividend growth target to 7% to 9%, which maintains our position in the top tier of dividend growth and payout ratio in the industry. Our long-term dividend growth target now fully aligns with our compelling EPS growth target of 7% to 9% and the significance of our capital investment plan and related financing. This minor adjustment rounds out our strong long-term plan and will help us achieve our other important financial targets over time. In summary, we believe the combination of our EPS and dividend growth supported by significant and yet low-risk capital investment plan as well as our ESG leadership premium and constructive position on affordability will continue to be rewarded by investors. Based on the long-term plan and our history of executing on our strategies, we expect to continue to deliver a very competitive, sustainable shareholder return for many years to come. And with that, I'll turn it over to John to cover more detail on our 2022 financial results, our 2023 and longer-term outlook and our financing plans. John?
John Griffith: Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 9. Let me provide a few more details on third quarter results. Regulated results in total increased $0.16 per share compared to the prior year. We saw a $0.32 per share increase related to higher revenues from new rates, acquisitions and organic growth. Also, weather was favorable by an estimated $0.07 per share year-over-year due primarily to warmer and drier conditions in 2022.  O&M and other expense increased by $0.10 per share, which reflects an estimated $0.07 of inflation on chemical, power and fuel costs and higher interest rates. Depreciation expense also increased $0.04 per share in support of growth in the regulated business. And as you know, 2021 third quarter results included $0.09 per share of operating earnings from our former New York subsidiary. Finally, the market-based business and other results decreased in the third quarter of 2022 as the $0.09 per share of operating earnings from HOS in the third quarter of 2021 was offset by the $0 06 per share of earnings in 2022 from interest income and revenue share agreements. Moving to Slide 10. Consolidated results increased $0.30 per share for the year-to-date period compared to the same period last year, driven by many of the same factors as in the third quarter. While I won't go through all of the details of the year-to-date results, in short, we are pleased with our financial performance over the first 9 months of the year.  Our leaders across the business have adjusted to the changing economic environment in 2022. Their ability to do so has put us in a good position to achieve the full year operating results we laid out in our initial 2022 guidance a year ago.  Let's turn to Slide 11 and cover the regulatory activity in our states. Shown here is our summary of completed rate cases in 2022 and key facts for each of the rate case filings so far this year. In the appendix, we also share some details of changes in our infrastructure charges year-to-date. These efforts reflect Susan's comment on our team's ability to execute our regulatory strategies, which is the critical success factor for continuing to grow our business. As we've said before, the common thread in all of these cases is the focus on recovery of infrastructure investments made since the last round of rate cases totaling over $4 billion, and in some states, the roll-in of acquisitions. As we continue to ramp up capital investments in 2023, it will take time to see recovery of those investments in rates. We continue to expect to file general rate cases generally every 2 years in our bigger states.  As we have already communicated in August 2022, the New Jersey BPU approved the settlement of our rate request authorizing a total annualized revenue increase of approximately $61 million. The new rates became effective on September 1, 2022. Two key outcomes in this case were the incorporation of our request to update estimates of production costs, including chemicals, fuel and power costs, and the approval of deferral accounting for pension expense beginning January 1, 2023. The success of our proactive regulatory approach to these pressures will lessen the risk to shareholders into the future. Turning back to active cases. You can see we have general rate cases in progress in 5 jurisdictions. In 2 of these states, Pennsylvania and Virginia, we have reached settlement agreements with the parties and have on-file petitions for approval of the settlements. In Pennsylvania, we filed a general rate case in late April, seeking recovery of $1.1 billion of investments since the prior case. The settlement provides for a total annualized revenue increase of $150 million and incorporates updated estimates of pension and OPEB expense.  Similar to New Jersey, this settlement also includes increases in production costs, including chemicals, fuel and power costs. In the coming weeks, an administrative law judge will review the settlement filing and render a recommendation to the Pennsylvania Commission regarding approval of the settlement. After its review, the commission will issue a final order. We expect the order by January 2023, with new rates to be effective as of January 28, 2023. Moving on to Virginia. In late September, a settlement agreement supported by all parties, except one, was filed with the Virginia State Corporation Commission and provides for a $12 million annual revenue increase compared to our original request of $15 million. A final decision in this case is expected in the first quarter of 2023.  In Illinois, where it's been about 6 years since our last general rate case, progress has been steady since our February filing, and last Friday, a proposed order was issued by the case's administrative law judges. We view the key terms of the proposed order as very constructive, including recommended approval of our updated revenue request to capture higher production costs and expected higher pension costs. We expect a final order in the case by January at the latest.  Our cases in California and Missouri were filed in July and are progressing as expected so far. In January of 2023, we will file an update in Missouri for costs and other elements of the case as needed with hearings then to be held in February. We expect the case to reach conclusion by the end of the second quarter 2023. On the legislative front, there was 1 additional notable piece of legislation signed since our second quarter call, California Senate Bill 1469, which allows the commission to consider and authorize the implementation of a decoupling like mechanism. The legislation was signed by the governor on September 30, 2022, and will become effective on January 1, 2023. Our California subsidiary is grandfathered into the previous water revenue adjustment mechanism through the end of our current rate case for 2024 and the team is working to renew decoupling under the new mechanism and the general rate case that was filed July 1 for our next rate period beginning in 2024.  Turning to Slide 12 and the acquisition piece of our growth triangle, as Susan mentioned, we were excited to announce in October, our agreement to purchase the Butler Area Sewer Authorities Wastewater System for $232 million. This agreement was executed under Pennsylvania's fair market value legislation, which is a framework that exists across 11 of the states in which we operate. Through September, we have closed on $308 million of acquisitions in 2022, which represents about 65,000 customer connections, and we are excited to have nearly $350 million of signed purchase agreements through October, which sets us up for 2022 and 2023 to be strong years for growth through acquisitions. With the pipeline of over 1.3 million customer connections, we expect to continue this track record of success.  On Slide 13, we provide some considerations regarding our outlook for 2023 results in our EPS guidance range of $4.72 to $4.82 per share. First, as you would expect, our growth will be driven by capital investment to serve our customers and earning a return on that investment. As we've talked about previously, 2022 is year 1 of our accelerated CapEx plan, so it will take some time to ultimately see the ramp-up reflected in earnings. Recent regulated acquisitions that are being incorporated into active or just completed rate cases will also drive growth next year. I'd like to add that our Military Services Group does add incrementally to our earnings growth expectation as we have continued to show on our growth triangle. 2023 results will benefit from MSG's successful addition of its first Navy contract that we announced earlier this summer.  Just as critical to our strategy is our ability to recover in rates, the operating costs it takes to run the business, which goes to my final point on the slide. The regulatory solutions we are pursuing such as cost deferrals and expense recovery mechanisms are closely aligned with the interest of regulators and customers in managing affordability and limiting variability of customer bills, which ultimately aligns with our investors' interests as well. As we conclude this current round of rate cases, we expect to have in place regulatory solutions for over 75% of the inflationary costs we anticipate in the near term, including pension, interest and production costs. And as always, our team remains vigilant and disciplined on cost management. Finally, related to pension, I'd simply remind you that our pension obligation remeasurement will be done at year-end 2022 and that will drive the determination of our 2023 pension expense.  Wrapping up the 2023 outlook on Slide 14. Here, we are providing some more specifics regarding the key drivers for 2023 that I just discussed. This slide demonstrates the importance of our regulatory execution and the results it drives. It also reflects the financing plans we expect to execute in 2023 that support our capital investment plan, which is an additional $1 billion over the next 5 years as compared to last year's plan. You will notice that we have included a bar for incremental debt and equity financing, which reflects the cost of incremental debt issuance in 2023 to support our growth as well as equity to be issued in 2023, which I will address on the next slide. Our cost of increased interest rates on 2022 debt balances is captured in the cost inflation and interest rates bar, the majority of which is being recovered through the current round of rate cases as just described. We are confident in our ability to deliver on this plan for 2023.  Turning to Slide 15. I'll provide a financing plan update before closing with a look at our balance sheet and liquidity profile. Our financing plan now includes an estimated $2 billion of equity issuances from 2023 through 2027, which is an update to the $1.1 billion of equity financing need through 2026 we have previously discussed.  Consistent with our prior messaging on mid-plan timing, subject to market conditions, we are likely to raise a significant portion of the total planned equity in 2023. The increase in the anticipated total equity need is driven largely by the $1 billion of increased CapEx that extends through 2027 in this new plan, along with adding some incremental balance sheet capacity. The remaining portion of the $2 billion of planned equity not completed in 2023 is expected to be issued near the end of the 5-year plan. As we've said for several quarters now, we expect equity will be a regular financing tool going forward to help fund our growth and maintain a strong balance sheet.  Let me conclude by turning to Slide 16 with a reminder that we have a strong balance sheet and credit profile. I'm confident our new 5-year plan is supportive of our current credit ratings as well as our long-term financial target of less than 60% debt to total capital. Another thing I'll point out is our debt maturity profile at the bottom left of the slide.  We believe these levels, along with our planned debt issuances are very manageable. In a rising interest rate environment, it's important that the company has taken a laddered approach to long-term debt financings over the years in order to minimize interest rate risk. And as the utility that predominantly invests in long-term assets, I expect us to continue to exclusively issue fixed rate long-term debt to protect against the risk of interest rate volatility.  On liquidity, we continue to remain confident that we have sufficient access to capital for the foreseeable future. In fact, we just announced that we increased our commercial paper program and our revolving credit facility by $500 million each to $2.6 billion and $2.75 billion, respectively, and we extended the maturity of our revolving credit facility to October 2027. We believe these actions were appropriate to support our growing business and increased capital investment plan. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to cover our CapEx and rate base growth plan, affordability and some new sustainability goals in more detail. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. On Slide 18, I'll start by talking about our updated capital plan. I want to first acknowledge that our teams have done a great job executing on our accelerated capital investment plan in 2022. We're on pace to meet our overall capital plan of $2.5 billion this year, which includes acquisition investments.  Looking ahead to 2023, we plan to again step up our investment level this time to roughly $2.9 billion, which will generally be our new annual threshold for the next several years. As John just mentioned, over the next 5 years, we expect to invest approximately $14 billion to $15 billion, an increase of about $1 billion over our previous plan. This increase is mostly driven by including the increased investment for 2027 in the 5-year window as well as about $250 million of inflationary impacts expected in the near term.  We expect this pace of spend to drive our current pipe replacement cycle plan lower and much better than the industry average. On the longer horizon, you can see that we plan to spend approximately $30 billion to $34 billion in our regulated business over the next 10 years. We see this capital plan to be largely in line with last year's plan, reflecting the higher annual run rate as well as modestly higher costs for pipe and other capital goods.  Turning to Slide 19. This graph illustrates that our continued execution on capital investments, both infrastructure projects and acquisitions are succeeding and growing the regulated business at a long-term rate of 8% to 9%. Rate base growth, of course, will drive earnings growth as long as we continue to prudently invest in our systems and successfully execute the regulatory process.  Moving on to our regulatory recovery strategy on Slide 20, our theme here is around timely, consistent recovery of investments and operating costs. When we achieve timely and consistent recovery, it levels out build increases to our customers, which helps promote affordability. It's beneficial to our customers that we operate in states that have constructive regulatory mechanisms. We've engaged with policymakers and regulators for well over a decade to find the best ways to invest in water and wastewater infrastructure, while putting the customer first. In the states where we operate, 27 new mechanisms have been added over the past 12 years. As water and wastewater industry challenges grow, we'll continue to focus on constructive regulatory and legislative outcomes. I'd also like to discuss timely recovery of our investments across our footprint with the pie chart on the right side of the page. Through capital recovery mechanisms and forward test years, we are able to reduce regulatory lag and lessen the reliance on general rate cases. This enables us not only to earn our return, but also to mitigate the size of the general rate increases for our customers. We expect about 45% of capital investments over the next 5 years to be recoverable through infrastructure mechanisms, which is the key to unlocking a more consistent annual earnings growth pattern for the long term.  Turning to Slide 21. Our focus on operating efficiency has been a part of our company's DNA for many years. As you know, we've historically used O&M efficiency as one of our benchmark metrics to measure our success at managing costs as we grow the business. This focus positioned us well to manage through much of the pressure over the last couple of years on the supply chain and even cost increases brought about by the effects of the pandemic.  As we look ahead, we've been asked if we can go below the 30% efficiency threshold. While we're continuing to evaluate that question, we've continued to emphasize that revenue growth has been just as important to our success with O&M efficiency as managing costs. So with that realization in mind, there may very well be additional opportunity to go below the 30% threshold. However, we're analyzing whether this is the best metric by which to judge our effectiveness at managing costs and running an efficient business. Moving to Slide 22. One of the most difficult challenges we face in the water and wastewater industry is balancing customer affordability with the magnitude of the system investments that are needed. Thankfully, as we sit here today, our industry and our company are in very good relative positions in terms of affordability or wallet share. In fact, as investors and analysts study the sustainability of American Water's long-term earnings growth potential, we believe our affordability proposition is an important consideration. We realize, though, that we must continue to evolve our strategies around rate design and programs to assist our customers who are challenged with affordability. We must also consider our focus on technology, efficiencies of scale and a sharp focus on cost management in order to deliver on values around customer affordability.  Moving on to Slide 23, and as Susan mentioned earlier, we are excited to announce our new science-based greenhouse gas emission reduction goals and our first disclosure of estimated Scope 3 emissions. Before we dive in, I'll walk you through our greenhouse gas emissions profile in a bit more detail. As an essential service provider, American Water is often compared to the broader utility sector emissions included, which can be misleading. As Susan noted earlier, it's an important distinction that our emissions footprint as a water utility is much smaller than most publicly traded gas and electric companies on both an absolute and per customer basis. To help put it into context, American Water represents just 0.1% of the total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions produced by the top 20 largest U. S. utilities measured by market cap.  As we show on the slide, our total emissions footprint is made up of 7% direct Scope 1 emissions, such as heating, cooling and fleet; 44% indirect Scope 2 emissions or our purchase power; and 49% estimated Scope 3 emissions, which for us largely includes purchased goods and services, capital goods and fuel and energy-related activities. Framing it in a different way, more than 90% of our overall emissions footprint is generated from external sources, which is another key differentiator from most other utilities.  Turning to Slide 24, there's a lot to unpack here. Let me say first, at a high level, we believe it is prudent for our company to focus our efforts on environmental initiatives that are in the purview of a water utility and aligned with our core mission. Our view is that greenhouse gas emission reductions fit as part of our sustainability strategy that, over time, will help protect customers against service disruptions from more severe weather patterns such as droughts and floods. We believe we've set forth new compelling goals to support this strategy. First, we expect to reduce our absolute Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 50% by 2035 from a 2020 baseline. Second, we expect to achieve net 0 Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 2050. We believe these new medium- and long-term emissions goals are rooted in science and aligned with the Paris Agreement. We also believe our approach is a responsible path that considers all of our stakeholders' interest including doing our part by setting ambitious reduction goals. Our approach here will allow us to stay on course with our customer affordability metrics, as we continue to deliver clean, safe, affordable and reliable water to our customers. This was a foundational component of our analysis and recent discussion with our Board level SETO Committee, which oversees our safety, environmental, technology and operations efforts.  It's also important to note that as we deliver water and wastewater solutions to more customers over time through acquisitions and organic growth, our energy usage is going to increase. We will rebaseline each year to account for our growth through acquisitions of systems, which is an acceptable practice under the standards of the science-based targets initiative, or SBTi. We did consider making a commitment to SBTi as part of our analysis this year. However, we concluded that some of SBTi's expectations around Scope 3 commission commitments mostly around timing, we're not in the best interest of our stakeholders. We do expect, though, to continue to work with our suppliers and vendors to consider what can be done to reduce Scope 3 emissions over time. And as I stated, we are confident that our new medium- and long-term Scope 1 and Scope 2 goals are science-based and aligned with the Paris Agreement. As you can see at the bottom of the slide, these are more than just goals. We have plans in place and capital ready to deploy to achieve these goals, obviously, with greater visibility to the path to 2035. Since our footprint is heavily weighted by Scope 2 emissions, the continued greening of the electric grid is a significant component of our reduction plan. We hope to see that transition continue by our fellow utilities and other providers. For us though, we know that it is cost prohibitive and outside of our core competencies to self-generate all or even a significant portion of our power needs. We will, though, continue to look to enter into clean purchase power agreements or partner on renewable investments, where appropriate, similar to our engagement with New Jersey Resources on the floating solar array at one of our treatment plants in New Jersey.  Lastly, we will continue to focus on emissions reduction activities that we can control within our operations. This includes water efficiency and operational efficiency gains in order to reduce the energy and emissions associated with the pumping of water, which we disclosed previously is by far the largest driver of our purchase power needs. Capital projects will include the deployment of additional leak detection technologies and more efficient water pumps across our systems as well as converting some of our fleet vehicles and other assets to more efficient options. These are small, but important pieces of our plan. And in large part, these capital investments will align perfectly with some of our existing reliability and resiliency goals. Next, let's turn to Slide 25 and discuss some new disclosures related to our continued ESG journey. First, soon, we will release summary results of our most recent pay equity study on our ID&E website, diversity@aw.com. This is our third such pay equity study. And each time we have engaged a third-party consultant to conduct an objective pay equity analysis. I'm pleased to share that you will see that we're very close to achieving pay parity across employee groups, including gender.  Our performance is a testament to American Water's commitment to fair and equal pay and how our teams have leveraged findings from these regular assessments to correct any qualities and update processes around compensation. We will also share some initial summary findings of our internal labor market analysis that began in 2021. This analysis was also led by a third-party firm and was commissioned because we believe the factual and statistical analysis of our workforce was needed to support a holistic evidence-based inclusion, diversity and equity strategy. Lastly, I'd like to touch on 2 of our new goals that were established earlier this year in our annual performance plan. The first is to increase representation of female employees at American Water and the second is to increase ethnic and racial diversity among American Water employees. Both of these goals complement existing safety and environmental sustainability goals that are tied to annual performance plan compensation for all employees. As mentioned earlier, these goals reflect our company's focus on social benefits that we believe will help us operate as a stronger company, ultimately for the benefit of our employees and to help us better reflect the customers and communities we serve. Whether it's our ESG leadership or our consistent execution on our earnings growth goals or our leading safety culture, our team at American Water has consistently raised the bar for success in the water and wastewater industry. We have full confidence in our ability to achieve the goal we talked about today for 2023 and beyond. So with that, I'll stop and turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
Angie Storozynski: So first on '23 guidance, I mean, I guess it's a relief for all of us to see that you're messaging to get to consensus expectations even with the increased basically equity needs that you're addressing in 2023. So I mean, is it basically that you are front-end loading equity to finance CapEx that will materialize in the latter part of that 5-year plan? And as such, it's not only that CapEx is back-end loaded, but it's also that there is some incremental dilution that sort of weighs on those '23 results?
Susan Hardwick : Well, Angie, a lot in your question there, and let me maybe just comment at a high level, and then I'll have John jump in and talk a little bit more around -- our thinking around equity and the plan there. But recall from our, I guess, really the last few years, as we've talked about our equity needs and our expectation around that, we've been signaling sort of mid-plan and we released that guidance probably 2-plus years ago.  So I think this '23 timing now that we're giving a little bit more insight into is consistent with our prior messaging, the increase in the size of the equity that we now have in this plan, I think, as we've highlighted, really has to do with the increased capital over the course of the 5 years. And Cheryl indicated that we're kind of stepping up to roughly a $2.9 billion investment per year over that 5-year period. So there is more capital coming in throughout the entire 5-year focus of the plan. And then we've also added a little bit of additional equity expectation here just to create some additional balance sheet capacity as we think about that going forward.  The other important thing I would comment on around -- your opening comment around hitting expectations for '23. I just want to underscore again what we said in our prepared remarks around our regulatory approach to these inflationary costs. We have been very proactive in trying to get our hands around what we thought those impacts might be and we have worked very closely with regulators to try to build in, in these existing cases we're working on, the coverage for those costs. And I think we've said something well over 75% of those expected costs in the near term, we have built in these cases that we're ramping up now.  So I think I'd say, again, to summary, the equity plan is pretty much on track with what we've said historically and the increase in capital is driving the bulk of that need of additional equity in the plan. And then our proactive approach on regulatory is absolutely part of our ability to be confident about our expectations for '23. So John, anything to add on the equity piece?
John Griffith : I would just add that as we think about how we're delineating the equity, as we said in our prepared remarks, we'll issue or we expect to issue a significant portion of the equity in 2023. As we think about the consequences of that, based on how we trade, I would characterize that the dilution associated with that is relatively modest. And then as also we pointed out in our remarks, whatever we don't issue in 2023, we would expect to issue in the back end of our plan.
Angie Storozynski: Good. Okay. And then changing topics a little bit, and I know it's not your core competence. But you are a cash taxpayer, so you do have cash appetite, I mean, tax appetite, I'm sorry. So why not develop or at least own some of those renewable power plants that you currently contract under the PPAs. Again, as a tax strategy as opposed to like a true growth driver?
Susan Hardwick : Yes, I think it's a good question, Angie. But I think Cheryl hit on it and you did even in your remark there, we just don't view it as our core competency. There are folks that are sort of in that business, and we believe we have the opportunity to work closely with them to develop solutions and take advantage of those renewable sources that are out there without owning them. We've got enough to do. And you even acknowledge, it's not really a growth driver. We've got plenty to do on just our investment side to continue the growth. So we don't need it from that standpoint.  Your observation around tax, I think, is also a good one. But I would tell you, we think we have the right strategy here to finance this plan and manage all the elements of the requirements in that plan with what we've laid out here. So while we're always interested in and spend quite a bit of time on tax planning and tax strategy, it just does not -- it just doesn't fit our profile.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And last one really quickly. So you have had some big muni deals announced since the second quarter earnings call. I think we've all been concerned about some of those high profile privatizations of wastewater systems sort of falling through. So are you seeing that there is any sort of systemic change to how municipalities look at sales of their water and wastewater systems? Or is it just very much kind of system specific?
Susan Hardwick : Yes, Angie, let me just turn it to John and have him sort of weigh in on that question.
John Griffith : Yes, Angie, I would say, I'm glad you asked the question because our answer is No. We haven't really seen a fundamental change in the landscape for making acquisitions. So there's certainly been some noise out there around particular deals. But really nothing has changed. There's a huge number of systems out there, many of which are underinvested and are ripe for potential acquisition. And when we think about the footprint that we have and the focus that we have, we continue to very much like our relative position there and regulated acquisitions will continue to be a key focus area for us.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. And I just would add to that simply that we work very hard in cultivating these opportunities to make sure we're developing the right solution for these communities, and I think that's a big advantage for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: A couple of quick ones here. If I recall correctly, the HOS sale ate up a lot of your, I think, NOL carry-forwards and you've been a cash taxpayer this year. Is it your expectation that you’ll be subject to the minimum tax going forward? Does this latest financing plan kind of embed an ongoing assumption for that?
Susan Hardwick : Well, the first part of your statement is correct. Yes. The gain on the HOS transaction sort of advanced us to being a cash taxpayer. Still evaluating what the IRA means and the alternative minimum tax and financial income greater than $1 billion. There's still lots to be sorted out in terms of what that final rules are and the final interpretation of those. So we're monitoring it closely. We've obviously modeled a variety of scenarios around it. And I would just say, in all those scenarios, this plan adequately covers any exposure we think we might have there.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. Perfect. And then I think John may have touched on this a little bit, but it looks like the amount of CapEx dollars allocated to regulated acquisitions is the same as the prior plans. So a slightly smaller overall proportion. Anything to sort of read into here? Is the opportunity set fairly fixed? Are you getting more selective? Just maybe a little bit of an elaboration on John's comments, please?
Susan Hardwick : John, do you want to take that?
John Griffith : Sure, Shar. I'd say the smaller proportionality is really just a function of the increase in the regulated -- our organic CapEx, I'd say the -- which has more visibility attached to it, as you know, than regulated acquisitions. So in no way are we kind of decreasing our thoughts around putting dollars to work on regulated acquisitions and we continue to feel very good about that.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. And I don't think we highlighted it really much on this call. But our pipeline remains in excess of 1.3 million connection opportunity. So still very, very strong. There are lots of good work in that area.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just a last one for me is just the shape of that 7% to 9%, I mean, obviously, you guys, you're executing on the regulatory front. You've got a good footprint there, some dilution. But I guess what else should we assume -- or I guess as we're thinking about modeling and the extension, where are you sort of within that range as we're thinking about like the near term versus the longer term as we're just thinking about the profile of that shape.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. I think it's a good question, and I'll just repeat what I've said several times now. And I do think you can tie it back to the HOS sale. Recall our discussion about a year ago that when we sold that business and this transition to sort of full utility, the opportunity created by that sale would result in a ramp-up of the spend. So it takes us a while to get that spend fully deployed and get it fully in rates.  So I'd say in the near term, like you see a little bit in '22 and our guidance for '23, which we think is quite strong, there is obviously a ramp-up still reflected there. And we've got the proceeds that will come in from the note on the HOS sale at the end of '26. So again, you think about that sort of working its way into the plan. I'd just say what we've laid out in '22 and '23 is reflective of that ramp-up. Our view continues to be this long-term growth rate of 7 to 9, we see that extending well into the future. And we just got to get through this sort of ramp-up period, and you'll see that growth rate continue.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. We'll see you in a couple of weeks. Appreciate it.
Susan Hardwick : All right. Thanks, Shar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: First, just going back to the -- your comments on the financing, especially the equity, I appreciate your commentary on the bulk of it potentially being in '23. I guess, is it possible that when you assess the various equity options that you could potentially look to price that equity in 2022, but look to draw that down in 2023, just given market volatility.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. I think market conditions certainly play into our decisions here around timing and ultimate size and the tool that we use. So that's obviously still in all of our discussions internally. John, anything you want to add to that?
Susan Hardwick : No, that's right. And I'd say that we're not expecting to issue in 2022 into. But obviously, as Susan said, everything is subject to market conditions.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And then that 7% to 9% EPS growth rate, should we assume that it's now kind of basing off of the '23 guidance? Or should we still use '21 or '22.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. It's a good question. Obviously, we get this question a lot. And I'm confident my answer will frustrate you. Our view is that it's a long-term growth rate. We would expect that 7% to 9% to be the guidance regardless of the period that you're looking at. Internally, we actually don't really use a base year to do the math off of. Our view is it's a long-term growth rate. I know in the past, we have used sort of prior year actual or your latest actual information to base off of. But again, our view would be it doesn't really matter. The long-term growth rate is really the driver.
Insoo Kim: Got it. I thought I'd try. Then just 1 more apologies. Maybe for Cheryl, I think the EPA maybe still -- late this year may be on track to put out some mandates related to PFOS and other water contaminant kind of at the maximum levels. Just based on your operations and your jurisdictions, how would that -- given what could come out, how could that impact your CapEx or O&M strategy a bit?
Cheryl Norton: Yes. So great question. We do anticipate that EPA is going to release those regulations later this year. And because we don't know exactly where they're going to fall, it's a little hard to kind of put a specific dollar amount on it, but we have a really good handle on what we have across our system and what the needs will be depending on what those EPA regulations come out at. And we're prepared to invest the capital needed, put treatment in place right away. We have gotten -- we found it to be a very quick process to design and get treatment online wherever we may need to. So we know what we've got out there and we kind of know what to expect depending on what EPA comes out with. So we just have to wait and see. We don't want to spend more capital than we have to, but we also want to make sure that we're meeting the regulations as quickly as possible and protecting our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Congratulations. Just wanted to follow up. I know there's a lot of questions about the growth rate. Just what's the base here point here. Are we talking about pre-'23 at this point? Or are we rolling forward to '23 to the 7% to 9% outlook, if we could just start there.
Susan Hardwick : Well, Julien, as I said to into, we don't really look at it that way. Our view is a long-term growth rate of 7% to 9% is the answer. So our view is you can start within a year you want, and you're going to get the same result.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Okay. All right. Sorry. I just -- I wanted to just press a little bit. All right. And then if I -- a little bit then -- I was checking here. If I can speak a little bit about the trajectory though. As you think about the commentary and I heard the early response on equity dilution for '23. What does that say for '24 vis-a-vis within that range? Obviously, '23 being at the lower end of 7% to 9%. As you think about rolling forward that dilution it seems like more so into '24. Do you think that, again, the 7 to 9 "backhalf weighted" regardless of whatever time period you want to use?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. I think John's comment about the impact of dilution is really the right one. Our view is that the dilution is pretty minimal from the issue that we're anticipating in '23. I think the real driver is the ramp-up of the CapEx. I mean we're just putting these dollars all to work. We've got the proceeds coming in again from HOS in '26. I think as we continue to see that ramp up work its way through the plan, you'll start to see towards the back end of the plan, more consistent growth rates.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: All right. Excellent. No, fair enough. And then just lastly, just to clarify some of the earlier conversation about the cash tax rate. So what are the planning assumptions reflected in the guidance here as you think about '22, '23, et cetera, just trying to baseline ourselves here, if you can.
Susan Hardwick : Well, I mean, obviously, we're a full cash taxpayer now. So this 5-year plan reflects that. The comment earlier around what does IRA mean to us in terms of the alternative minimum tax, I mean, again, there's still many rules and definition still to be done around that, that I don't think any of us know exactly how it will work. But I would just reiterate what I said a minute ago, we've modeled a variety of scenarios, all of which fit in this plan that we've laid out here.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Well, the time all the best. We'll speak to you soon. All right. .
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Sunderland with JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland : Just starting on 2023 guidance. The $0.25 to $0.29 cost inflation and interest rates with 75% of that covered in rates. I'm curious on the pension side, does that kind of bake in your estimate of the current marks and is it still fair to think about you say market moves from here in the interest rate backdrop as potential upside or downside versus this outlook. Just curious what you baked in on the assumptions there.
Susan Hardwick : Yes, it's a good question. And as John said in the prepared remarks, obviously, we'll measure at the end of the year and determine what our actual '23 expense is once we get to the end of the year. But how we've handled this from a regulatory perspective is for the most part, what we have gotten accomplished here is whatever the '23 expense ends up being, that's what will get reflected in rates. So we've left it a little bit open-ended in that regulatory arena, where we'll actually set it at the number once we know what the number is. And in other situations, we've estimated what we think the impact will be based on year-to-date performance and expected performance for the balance of the year.
Richard Sunderland : Okay. Understood. And I guess to tackle the other side on chemicals, fuel power, is that effectively a reasonable assumption in terms of rolling forward to '24 as well if the current environment persists? Or is there sufficient kind of incremental regulatory activity coming down the road here to mitigate even more of that in the $24 million?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. I think what we have accomplished so far in the regulatory arena, obviously, will be in rates until we adjust rates again. And I think we'll have continued opportunity in the regulatory arena to address these cost impacts in other jurisdictions. And again, in some cases, the ability to adjust for what the actual costs are in existing cases, or in existing jurisdictions. It just depends on how we address it in each specific state. I think, again, the overall conclusion here is we've got the vast majority of these costs covered and should not really be a drag on our expectations going forward.
Richard Sunderland : Got it. That's very clear. Understood. And if I could just sneak in 1 more on '23. Is there any step-up that you expect on the revenue share related to the Homeowner Services transaction? I guess just curious in terms of walking year-over-year on the hot side, it looks like effectively steady contributions less the post-close adjustments in '22. Is that the right way to be thinking about it?
Susan Hardwick : Yes, I think it's -- that's probably the right way to think about it. We're continuing in the jurisdictions of our states that don't have those agreements in place. We're continuing to evaluate those opportunities and working very closely with now the HOS ownership or leadership to see if opportunities exist. So it's a very active part of our business plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra : Just -- congrats by the way, on the regulatory execution here year-to-date. You guys have done a phenomenal job and great outcomes. Just on the acquisition side of things, can you update us on where you stand year-to-date versus your targets? I think this year, you're planning on hitting $500 million in acquisitions. So could you just update us there? And then I have a follow-up.
Susan Hardwick : Sure. John, you want to handle that?
John Griffith : Durgesh, we're on track. I think we've closed about 65,000 customers to date with another kind of 5,000 or so customers to come. I would say that on a dollars basis, as we disclosed in our slides, our expected closings for the year will be in the neighborhood of $350 million, which -- and as you know, we target about $300 million to $400 million a year. We've said over 5 years, we're $1.5 billion to $2 billion on a run rate basis.
Durgesh Chopra : Got it. $250 million for this year. Okay. And then maybe I was just -- and I don't want to front on your equity process, but just anything, John, you can share in terms of what are you looking for in terms of valuation or price ranges for this equity? I understand significant portion is expected to land next year. Any additional color that you can share with us there?
John Griffith : No, Durgesh, I wouldn't say we think of in terms of specific price ranges. Obviously, we'll be very cognizant of market conditions. But I'd say we just -- we think of it more in terms of what we've messaged in the past, which is the equity from a mid-plan perspective. And as we approach 2023 here, that is mid plan relative to our historical messaging.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research.
Steve Fleishman: So just on the -- a couple of questions related to the equity and balance sheet. So the -- in the 2023 guidance, are you kind of assuming that it's kind of averaged roughly over the year or beginning of the year or just kind of how are you incorporating that into the '23 guidance?
Susan Hardwick : John, do you want to take that?
John Griffith : Sure. Yes, I think, Steve, that's a fair way to characterize '23 for modeling purposes. I'd say, I think the words we used, a significant portion of our equity, I think you can think of that as is north of $1 billion of issuance in '23. And as you know, we'll have to kind of find the right windows. But I think midyear is a reasonable way to think about it.
Susan Hardwick : I would only add that -- let me just add quickly, Steve. I think that -- and John said this, market conditions, of course, will drive this. But we are still looking at how best to do it. You've heard us talk in the past about it's likely going to be in sort of a single issue or a block, but we do need to evaluate all the options available to us. So that's still in the works.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Makes sense. And then could you -- maybe just on the balance sheet, could you give more color on the comment about getting -- adding some of this for balance sheet, cushion or flexibility? And what's the thinking there today versus in the past? Is it just the volatility of markets? Is it what you see in terms of kind of acquisition pipeline or regulated investment pipeline? Or is it tax related? Just why now for the additional balance sheet capacity not a year ago or 2 years ago?
Susan Hardwick : John, do you want to take that?
John Griffith : Sure. Yes, I'd say, Steve, just as we've thought about our metrics over time, we're in a very strong credit position, but we do look at our ramping up of capital spend, both on the organic side as well as on the acquisition side. And so we just think it's healthy for us to have some cushion there. I would say just also, as we're thinking about the cadence of our equity issuance, where we'll do much of it in 2023, but then waiting until the back end of our plan for another issuance as we thought about it. That's just a natural consequence of creating some cushion for ourselves.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. Steve, I'd simply add to that. I think that we talked a lot about payout ratio on the dividend. And obviously, we narrowed the dividend range a little bit here. We just feel the need to continue to really push ourselves on the ability to advance this capital spending. As Cheryl talked about the replacement cycle, we just don't want to find ourselves in a situation where we have to put some constraints on that on the investment side. So I think if we can create a little capacity here, it just helps us have that level of certainty around our ability to continue to accelerate. And these market conditions obviously are quite volatile, and it just doesn't hurt in this environment to have a little bit of extra cushion there. So I think that's really honestly the driver.
Operator: Next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: I was wondering if your guidance on the operating cash flows for '23 to '27, that ramp-up versus the prior plan, if there's anything sort of non-operating in there or adjustments or if that's really the growth of the business?
Susan Hardwick : It really is the growth of the business, Gregg. Again, we just -- we feel very good about how we're -- how the investment is being rolled out, cash flows from operations and the ability to get good, solid, timely regulatory solutions.
John Griffith : And Gregg, I'd just add to that, a significant portion is just the roll forward. So if you think about what's rolling off in 2022 versus what's being added in 2027, there's a pretty -- because of the ramp-up in CapEx through those years, that differential is reasonably significant. And then in the interim years because of our ramp, we're recovering additional depreciation -- deferred tax contribution to cash flows. But a lot of it is the roll forward by itself.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as our conference for today. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Jordan. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our June 30 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. The reconciliation for the calculation of the O&M efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the accompanying slide deck, which has been posted to the Investor Relations page on our website. All statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO, will discuss second quarter and year-to-date highlights and our focus on managing costs in today's inflationary environment. John Griffith, our Executive Vice President and CFO, will cover our financial results in more detail, review our affirmed 2022 earnings guidance and long-term targets, and we'll close with an update on recent acquisition activity. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then review the progress of our investments year-to-date in the Regulated Businesses. We'll share some key details and milestones for several of our active general rate cases, and we'll conclude with another of our ESG impact stories. We'll then close by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick : Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Let me also say how happy we are to have John Griffith with us as our CFO, and you'll hear more from John shortly. Let's turn to Slide 5, and I'll start by covering some highlights of the first half of the year. In the first six months of 2022, earnings were $2.07 per share compared to $1.87 per share in the same period of 2021. Results for the Regulated Business drove the majority of the growth, accounting for $0.16 of the $0.20 increase while MSG and other results were up $0.04 as compared to the same period in 2021. The regulated growth was in line with our expectations as we knew the first half of the year would be strong due to revenue increases from several general rate case proceedings completed in 2021 and early 2022 and from infrastructure mechanism filings. These higher revenues were partially offset by higher operating costs, which I'll talk more about shortly. Our Regulated Business invested over $800 million in capital projects and acquisitions for the quarter and $1.25 billion year-to-date, reflecting great work by our teams responsible for executing these investments. As you will recall, the total capital investment plan for 2022 included the $235 million acquisition of the City of York's wastewater system that we were excited to close in May. Coupled with our strong first quarter results, our capital investments are off to a good start for the year and on pace to meet our $2.5 billion goal for the year. We continue to stay focused on the plan. And as you saw yesterday, we have now for the third time affirmed our 2022 earnings guidance. And John will cover 2022 results and guidance in more detail a little later in the call. Before I move on, let me comment again about how excited we are to welcome the customers and employees of York's wastewater system to the American Water family. As we've said, this is the largest acquisition in Pennsylvania American Water history, and it's a great example of how municipal acquisitions are executed. The importance of understanding the community's objectives can't be underestimated, and we jointly created an opportunity that benefits all stakeholders. And as we think about the competitive landscape for water and wastewater acquisitions, we continue to focus on growing in states where we can leverage our competitive advantage. As we've said many times before, we target acquisitions in the range of 5,000 to 50,000 customers, where we have constructive regulatory environments, an existing footprint and critical mass. This critical mass is important in our efforts to promote customer affordability and cost efficiencies. Also, as we grow in each state, we will have a greater voice to help solve industry challenges through legislative and regulatory policies. So while we won't be awarded every opportunity we pursue, we know that there are plenty of communities in need, and we believe our 135-plus year history of delivering safe, clean, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services will enable us to continue to achieve a high success rate in our pursuits. The final highlight I'll cover here is that the Military Services Group had another great win at the end of the second quarter. And I'll let Cheryl give you the details, but the award of our first Navy contract at Mayport adds to the 17 other military installations that we're very proud to serve. Turning to Slide 6. I'll take a few minutes here to provide a review of the macroeconomic environment and how we are managing the impacts to the company. Our focus on operating efficiency is not new, as you know. In the chart at the bottom of Slide 6, you can see the result of our disciplined focus on managing costs as we grow the business. This focus has positioned us well to have managed through much of the pressure so far on supply and even cost increases brought about with the effects of the pandemic. Now as we are in what may be an extended period of inflationary pressure, we continue to exercise our disciplined approach to cost management by leveraging our scale. And through midyear, while we are experiencing cost increases in certain supplies and energy, the impacts to date have been fairly modest. In terms of our most significant costs, labor is our biggest operating expense by far. We work regularly with our union leadership to secure contract renewals. And so far, we have been able to achieve very fair outcomes. For our non-union workforce, we're focused on filling key roles and maintaining our practice of competitive compensation. Chemical costs and purchase power are usually the next biggest operating cost. While our supply chain strategies and purchasing power have helped mitigate chemical cost increases, especially as compared to our peers, we do expect higher O&M costs this year due to higher chemical prices. For many years now, the supply chain team has been successful in partnering with operations to secure reliable, cost-effective power and fleet fuel contracts across our footprint. And because of these efforts, we expect only modest power and fuel cost increases in 2022. Overall, we estimate an impact of about $0.06 to $0.08 per share of these types of cost increases year-to-date, which we've been able to generally offset through other results. Later, John will talk more about the possible impacts on the year. But as I said, we are confident in our ability to hit our earnings expectations for the year. And perhaps one final comment before I talk about how we're pursuing regulatory solutions for this rising production cost environment. Certainly, a lot has been written over the last few weeks about pension accounting and expense levels going forward. I'd simply mention that our pension plans were funded at just under 90% as of year-end 2021 with a roughly 50-50 target allocation for equity and fixed income. Though there has been much volatility in the equity markets through midyear, I'd remind you that the pension obligation remeasurement will be done at the end of 2022, and that will drive the determination of our 2023 expense. The accounting method we use includes using the fair market value of planned assets at year-end to establish the expected return on plan assets. And we also used the quarter approach for amortizing gains and losses. These methods were selected many years ago and have resulted in moderate variability in pension expense, both favorable and unfavorable over the years, which we've always managed as part of our overall cost management approach. This includes regulatory solutions such as the pension trackers we have in place in Missouri and California, and updates to pension expense in active general rate cases. As an example of how we are addressing these costs in current cases in the Illinois case currently on file, we requested and received approval last week to update the requested revenue requirement for increased costs including an estimated increase in pension costs. That request will be considered in this case. And that goes to my final point on this slide around regulatory solutions. Our teams throughout the company know that regulatory execution is vital to meeting our earnings objectives and our financial plan generally. The regulatory solutions we are pursuing such as cost deferrals and expense recovery mechanisms in all of the current active cases are closely aligned with the interest of regulators and customers in managing affordability and limiting variability of customer bills. Thereâs no doubt a challenging environment we all find ourselves in, but we remain confident in our ability to manage through it using our disciplined approach to cost management and our ability to execute effectively in the regulatory environment. And with that, let me turn it over to John to cover more detail on our operating results and financing plans. John?
John Griffith : Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. I recall Susan saying on the first quarter earnings call that it had been a privilege to serve as CFO where she was thrilled it was her last one in the role. So before I get started with the results, let me just say that I am thrilled to take the baton from Susan as CFO at American Water and join this great team. So with that, turning to Slide 8, let me provide a few more details on second quarter results. Regulated results in total increased $0.02 per share compared to the prior year. We saw a $0.16 per share increase related to higher revenues from new rates, acquisitions and organic growth. As a reminder, prior year results reflect an estimated $0.03 per share of favourable weather in the second quarter. O&M expense increased by $0.06 per share, which reflects some of the effects of inflation on chemical, power and fuel costs. Depreciation expense increased $0.03 per share in support of growth in the Regulated Business. The Market-Based Business and Other results increased $0.04 per share in the second quarter of 2022 as compared to the second quarter of 2021. These results in 2022 include interest income on the seller note and earnings from revenue share agreements from the 2021 sale of Homeowner Services of $0.06 per share while 2021 results included $0.08 per share of operating earnings from HOS. Results for the Other segment also include interest expense on long-term debt financing in both periods, which has increased year-over-year. Related to HOS, I also wanted to note that we recorded the final working capital true-up entries for HOS in the first half of the year amounting to $0.08 of earnings. As we previously disclosed, we recorded a $0.02 loss on the sale of New York American Water in the first quarter. As is often the case with an organization of our size, it is common to have in any given year a number of pluses and minuses that generally offset. The net earnings contribution of $0.06 per share from these final two sale-related entries has helped to mitigate the impact of the inflationary pressures we have seen so far. Moving to Slide 9. Consolidated results increased $0.20 per share for the year-to-date period compared to the same period last year, driven by many of the same factors as in the second quarter. Results from the Regulated Business increased $0.16 per share for the year-to-date period. We saw a 34% -- $0.34 per share increase on higher revenues, somewhat offset by increases in O&M and other operating expenses of $0.08 per share and depreciation of $0.06 per share. The Market-Based Businesses and Other results increased $0.04 per share for the year-to-date period compared to the same period last year, with generally the same drivers as mentioned for the second quarter results. Overall, we're pleased with our financial performance over the first half of the year. The first half performance sets us up well to deliver on our full year financial plan. Speaking of our 2022 plan, let's now turn to Slide 10. After a solid start to the year, as Susan mentioned, we are affirming our 2022 earnings guidance range of $4.39 per share to $4.49 per share. We expect strong revenue growth to continue in the second half of the year as we continue to earn returns on our infrastructure investments from prior years and see additional growth from acquisitions. Second half results when compared to the prior year will be tempered by the sale of our New York American Water operations earlier this year, which historically had its biggest earnings contribution in the third quarter of each year. And as we mentioned, while we are working diligently to limit the impacts to the business of rising costs, we expect to see continued pressures in the second half of the year, primarily related to chemicals and interest expense. As we've mentioned previously, we will not see any material earnings in 2022 from the redeployment of sale proceeds for HOS in New York,; but the expected earnings from interest on the seller note and revenue from the utility revenue share agreements will nearly offset the loss of the prior annual earnings contribution from HOS. As our team has previously shared, we'll continue to ramp up our capital investments over the next few years as a part of the accelerated investment plan rolled out last November. The earnings from that ramp-up of investment will follow. Finally, I'll just reiterate that we are confident in the long-term financial targets we have in place, including 7% to 9% EPS growth and 8% to 9% rate base growth. We acknowledge the current macroeconomic headwinds and are factoring those in as we progress through our annual budgeting and planning process this summer. As expected, we will provide an updated outlook later this year for 2023 and the longer term. Turning to Slide 11 and the acquisition piece of our growth triangle. We were pleased to announce in May our closing of the purchase of our -- of the purchase of the City of York's wastewater system for $235 million where we are now serving approximately 45,000 customer connections. This agreement was executed under Pennsylvania's fair market value legislation, which is a framework that exists now across 12 of the states in which we operate. Turning to a review of the nearly 30,000 customer connections under agreement as of June 30, Egg Harbor City is expected to close in the second half of 2022. Egg Harbor City is the first transaction under the New Jersey Water Infrastructure Protection Act. Importantly, we believe other municipalities will benefit by this legislation in the future as it allows communities with significant operating challenges to avoid a public referendum and swiftly partner with a provider like us to address their issues. And just yesterday, West Virginia American Water announced a signed agreement with Jefferson Utilities to purchase the various water and wastewater system assets of Jefferson Utilities for $30 million. The combined systems serve almost 4,000 customer connections in West Virginia and we expect to close this transaction by the end of this year. The acquisition pipeline is still quite strong at approximately 1.3 million customer connections. The pipeline represents a multitude of potential acquisitions across many states in our footprint, including several additional opportunities that have emerged since our last call as well as the removal of two large deals, York now closed, and another opportunity in Pennsylvania. Let's move to Slide 12 and a reminder that we have a strong balance sheet and credit profile. I believe that our plan, both the level of investment and how we intend to finance it, is supportive of our current credit ratings. This includes the $1.1 billion of equity financing we have previously discussed as we focus on achieving our long-term debt-to-capital target of 60%. We will continue to work hard at maintaining our industry-leading credit ratings for the benefit, ultimately, of our customers. Importantly, these strong issuer ratings are also applied to our senior unsecured debt offerings enabling us to achieve strong financing outcomes like our recent debt offering in May, that's summarized in the appendix of today's slides. The other thing I'll point out on this slide is our debt maturity profile on the bottom left of the slide. In a rising interest rate environment, it is important that the company has taken a laddered approach to long-term debt financings over the years in order to minimize interest rate risk. I certainly agree with that strategy and expect to continue that wise approach. With that, I'll turn it over to Cheryl to cover our capital investments and Military Services Group results in more detail. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. While I usually start by reviewing the regulated segment's operating results, I want to start today on Slide 14 by covering the announcement coming from our Military Services Group just a few weeks ago. I'm so proud of MSG's latest award our first ever Navy contract. This contract continues the team's streak of utility privatization wins at military installations in recent years. With the addition of the wastewater contract with Naval Station Mayport, we are currently serving 18 installations with between 30 and 50 years remaining on these contracts. We also have two other bids outstanding, one of which is expected to be awarded in 2023. And as you can see, we have a potential of about 70 additional opportunities in the years ahead. MSG's business model centers around adding new military installations to our portfolio and then optimizing revenues through new infrastructure construction projects on the bases we serve. A military installation's mission can change or expand or new technologies or system improvements may be identified that improve efficiency or sustainability. We work with our military partners to identify and lead these needed infrastructure projects. Again, we're extremely proud to provide vital services for the military personnel, their families and the civilians that support these missions. As we turn to Slide 15, let's cover our regulatory activity in our states. Shown here is our summary of completed rate cases in 2022 and key facts for each of the rate case filings so far this year. In the appendix, we also share some details of changes in our infrastructure charges year-to-date. These key efforts reflect Susan's comment on our team's ability to execute our regulatory strategies. As you can see on the slide, our New Jersey case is the furthest along with constructive discussions happening over the last few months. We're really pleased to report that on July 25, the parties to the New Jersey base rate case filed a stipulation of settlement with the Office of Administrative Law resolving all pending issues in the proceeding. The parties are waiting for an initial decision from the administrative law judge. And once it's issued, the matter will be returned to the Board of Public Utilities for a final determination. In Illinois, it's been about six years since our last general rate case, and progress has been steady since our February filing. Evidentiary hearings will start next month, and we expect an order in the case by January. Importantly, Illinois utilizes a forward test year for ratemaking purposes, which is helpful during this period of rising costs faced by the business. In Pennsylvania, we filed a general rate case in late April and are seeking recovery of over $1 billion of investments. The case is proceeding as planned, including evidentiary hearings that will occur in September and with an order in this case also expected early next year. Pennsylvania also uses a forward test year for ratemaking purposes. Our cases in California and Missouri were just filed earlier this month and are progressing as expected so far. And finally, as you know, we have another case active in Virginia from 2021 that we expect to bring to conclusion in 2023. The common thread in all these cases is the focus on recovery of extensive infrastructure investments totaling over $4 billion and in some cases, the roll-in of acquisitions. As we continue to ramp up capital investments over the next few years, it will take time to see recovery of these investments in rates. We expect to continue to file general rate cases every two to three years in our larger states with the ability to go in sooner if we see lingering inflationary impacts or excessive lag from investment, limiting our ability to earn our allowed return. Clearly, regulatory execution is critical to the success of our plans, and we are very confident in our teams that lead our regulatory efforts. As always, we remain very focused on customer affordability. Our emphasis on cost and capital efficiencies coupled with our customer growth efforts have continued to design and customer assistance programs to help our customer affordability. On the legislative front, there were three additional pieces of legislation passed since our first quarter call, one in Illinois, one in Tennessee and one in Missouri. The Illinois bill is an important one to help address the affordability of our bills with certain customers. The Tennessee bill requires all utilities in the state to implement a cybersecurity plan, and we are well positioned to comply. And lastly, the Missouri bill requires a utility to defer any difference in what was actually paid in state or local property taxes compared to what was used to set the revenue requirement. We believe our legislative efforts benefit our customers and give communities more options as they seek solutions to water and wastewater challenges. On Slide 16, we summarize rate filings completed so far in 2022 as well as total annualized revenue increases being requested in currently active cases. The total of $598 million in pending cases, which includes 3 infrastructure surcharge proceedings, reflects the requested amounts in the various cases. Generally speaking, we would expect the final revenue increase granted in each case to go into effect in 2023 or 2024 in the case of California. Turning to Slide 7. Our Regulated Business leaders and their teams did a great job again in the second quarter executing on our increased capital plan. It took a significant effort to safely and efficiently complete the several hundred projects that improved our systems and drove capital investment higher by nearly $300 million in the first half of the year compared to the same period last year. This result keeps us on pace to hit our goal of approximately $2 billion of regulated capital investment spending in 2022, the foundation of our earnings growth triangle. Moving to Slide 18. I want to just highlight that our continued execution on capital investments, both infrastructure projects and acquisitions are succeeding in growing our regulated rate base. This, of course, drives earnings growth while we remain focused on operating our systems safely and efficiently to the benefit of our customers. Like we have been doing the last several quarters, I'll close on Slide 19 with another story of ESG impact at American Water. This one comes from a collaborative project between New Jersey American Water and NJR Clean Energy Ventures. The partnership is constructing the largest floating solar array in the U.S. on a lake next to our Canoe Brook Water Treatment Plant. Upon completion later this year, this 8.9 megawatt installation will provide 95% of the plant's annual power needs and will help reduce our annual greenhouse gas emissions. This is another example of a project that creates a financial, operational and ESG win for us and our customers. So with that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Richard Sunderland from JPMorgan.
Richard Sunderland : Maybe starting inflation and your guidance reaffirmation, could you frame a little bit of the 2H inflation risk relative to the 6% to 8% impact year-to-date? I guess, in particular, is there any reason the headwind could be ratable? And then given you had the HOS benefit in 1H that offset, how do you think about offsets over the balance of the year?
Susan Hardwick : Rich, yes, let me make a couple of comments and certainly have John weigh in here. I think we made it hopefully pretty clear in our prepared remarks, first of all, that we affirmed guidance for the year. So as we think about expectations for 2022, we're quite confident in our ability to hit the targets we've established for '22. We did indicate that we continue to see some pressure in headwinds around particularly chemical costs and energy costs. We also highlighted that we're working diligently in the regulatory environment to ensure on a go-forward basis that we have those costs addressed. And as Cheryl pointed out, a number of our cases do have forward-looking test years. So we're hopeful that we can limit any exposure here really to 2022. The other comment that we made, and you obviously rightly pointed out the HOS gain that was recorded, which again, those sorts of transactions are not terribly uncommon when you have a transaction of the size we had last year when we sold HOS, just final working capital true-ups. And I would say they're final. We don't expect any more activity related to that transaction. That was a benefit to the first half of the year that certainly helped us offset some of those cost increases. But I'd also say it's not uncommon for an organization of our size, as John remarked to have pluses and minuses throughout the course of the year. And our focus on cost management, our focus on how we operate, how we are focused on efficiency, we'll continue to have levers that we can pull to offset exposure that we may see in the second half of the year. So that's our plan. And again, I'll just say it again, we affirmed our guidance for 2022, and we fully expect to hit those targets for the year.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. I appreciate the color there. I guess just turning to this topic, but on a macro level with the commentary around CapEx. I'm curious what you're seeing on that front, is there potential for either the dollar spend to go up given inflationary factors? Or I guess, on the other hand, less pipe replacement to occur under the current budgeted CapEx. Just curious how you're thinking about that into the budget update.
Susan Hardwick : Yes. And Cheryl can weigh in here too from an operating standpoint, but we don't see any change at all in our plans in terms of the amount of work we're doing. We may see some cost increases there on pipe. But I would tell you, again, our supply chain folks have done a tremendous job, both managing the availability of supply and the cost increases we've experienced. They really have been fairly modest on those types of commodities. And again, we don't expect any change in our plans to invest. Cheryl, anything to add there?
Cheryl Norton: Yes, I would just say that we've always got hundreds of projects pretty much ready to go that we know need to be done across our systems. And so we have some flexibility in how quickly we move those projects forward. But at this point, we've been able to manage through any supply chain delays and any cost increases and still get the work that's been prioritized done and continue to do that, we think, through the years coming. So no real concerns there, just being flexible in how we approach those projects.
Richard Sunderland: Got it. That makes sense. And just a final query, you talked about pension impacts. Are you able to quantify the potential headwind in '23?
Susan Hardwick : No, not at this time. Obviously, as we said in our prepared remarks, we do need to get to the end of the year, we'll do the remeasurement there, and we'll see where we are. But again, our focus would be to use all of the tools at our disposal to manage those types of increases I mentioned in my remarks around regulatory approaches. We've got trackers in two states already, so that will mitigate it there in two of our largest states, by the way. And we're continuing to focus on regulatory solutions in all the cases we have currently on file to address that specific cost. So we're optimistic we'll be able to manage through whatever increases we may or may not see there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim : My first question going back to, I guess, thinking about the '22 guidance a little bit, given the year-to-date results. I think on Slide 10, you said that second half of '22 EPS will be lower compared to 2H 2021. If I just -- if I take the last four quarters worth of EPS, it gets to kind of, I guess, the midpoint of where '22 guidance would be. So then if the 2H 2022 is going to be lower, is that implying that at least in the range you're trending towards the bottom half of the range?
Susan Hardwick : I don't think you should assume that. What we tried to point out on Slide 10 is simply the reality of our earnings profile. We're pointing out that in the prior year, you would have had results from New York. We just didn't want folks to miss that as you think about what your expectations are for each of the remaining two quarters. And then we obviously have talked about inflation here and our -- the headwinds we may experience. And again, our strategy is to try to offset those impacts. What we've continued to say is we've affirmed our guidance for 2022, and we're very confident in our ability to hit that.
Insoo Kim: Okay. Got it. So I should take that in addition to the other commentary on demand, rates and the inflation, too, I guess, Iâll secure it more in isolation.
Susan Hardwick : Exactly.
Insoo Kim: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. The second question, last month, the EPA put out new advisories for PFAS and other chemicals. I know it's -- a lot of this is more state-based. Some of the states have mandates, some had their own recommendations and it is okay, you guys have had your targets as well. Just based on the new advisories, any thoughts on your operations on the PFAS and other chemical levels, whether that translates into CapEx opportunities or other expenses?
Susan Hardwick : Yes, it's a good question. And so obviously, it's something that we're very focused on, and I'm going to let Cheryl comment on how we see this latest news.
Cheryl Norton: Yes. Thanks, Susan. What EPA put out recently were health advisories. And there's no regulatory requirement for us to test or to meet any certain levels with those health advisories. Those advisories were extremely low, in our opinion, below the detection limit of the methods to test for PFAS compounds. And so we're anxiously waiting to see what EPA comes back out with as far as a real regulatory limit. But we have tested all across our footprint. We know where we stand and we have already started looking at what capital projects would be necessary going forward. And any regulations in states other than where we're at today will mean future capital investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
Angie Storozynski: Just one comment on 2022. So I remember in the past you used to say that weather can have about a $0.07 positive or negative swing for the year. So I'm just wondering if it's still the case. And I see that you're calling for water conservation in at least parts of New Jersey. And I'm just wondering if that could potentially cap this earnings benefit.
Susan Hardwick : Angie, I'll let Cheryl comment in a minute about what's specifically happening in New Jersey. We haven't really seen to date through June much of a weather impact. We're all, I think, across the country sort of sweating this quarter. So we'll see what it does to results here in this third quarter. Yes, we've probably moved away from that sort of quantification, I think what we've historically done there. So we'll just need to wait and see what impact it does have on demand in this quarter. And Cheryl, do you want to talk specifically about what's going on in New Jersey?
Cheryl Norton: Yes. We've got two areas in New Jersey where we've seen peak usage rise to the level that we feel it's important that we start to encourage or specifically ask our customers to conserve, to water only on alternating days, put steps like that in place so that we can kind of shave off those peaks and that we can serve our customers continuously without any kind of dips and pressure or anything like that. So we have seen usage spiking, and that's why you're seeing those conservation messages come through.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Changing topics. And I know it's really new, but we see this proposed minimum effective tax rate, right, 15%, at least overnight, that it seems that it might pass. Could you tell us how you think it's going to impact your -- well, your earnings projections, if anything else or cash flows?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. It's a good -- yes, sure. It's a good question. And obviously, we need to kind of dust off our analysis that has been done around this topic again. And as you said, it's sort of back new in the news. And I think as we've talked about this in the past, it really is probably an impact on cash flow primarily. Ultimately, any impacts to effective tax rates gets worked through the customer bills. So I would say it's probably cash flow -- and I think -- well, again, just need to look at our analysis that we did at the time. I don't recall it being terribly material, but we'll just need to dust it off and see if there's anything there to report.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome. And just my last question on municipal M&A. I appreciate all the comments, Susan, you had in your prepared remarks. But is there any more you can share about this one -- I wouldn't say an award because it's an exclusivity period took for negotiations, went to your competitor. I mean, we have little to no insight into what terms you proposed versus Aqua Pennsylvania. But I mean, is it as simple as the highest price wins? Or do you have some other competitive advantages? Is it about the location of the service territory? What is it that you might not be winning these contracts despite such a big balance sheet? No contracts...
Susan Hardwick : Well, yes, sure. I'm obviously not going to comment on any details here. I would simply say it's never that simple. I think it's important to go back to the comments that John made in his prepared remarks that we've got a pipeline at 1.3. We just closed New York. We talked about the acquisition in West Virginia we just announced yesterday. We have plenty to do in this space. There is plenty to do, and we are doing a lot. So we take every opportunity seriously, and we approach every one with the same rigor, the same metrics, the same approach to benefits that can be provided to communities, and we put our best foot forward and then we move on. And that's probably all I have to say about that. Again, we've got lots of great opportunities here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Gaugler with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Michael Gaugler: On Slide 15, Cheryl, you mentioned in Illinois, the low-income assistance plans now in place. Just wondering, do you have them in most or all of the states you operate in?
Cheryl Norton: Yes, Michael. We have low-income assistance programs all across our footprint, but we're also looking at how we can expand those or how we can make those more accessible to additional customers. We realize there are just some customers out there that no matter how affordable our bills are, they're going to struggle to be able to do that. So we're also working at the federal level, trying to get as much support for a federal assistance program, the program has been hugely popular and helpful for our customers across our footprint in the states where they've implemented that. So we're going to continue to try to work at the federal level to get more federal funding as well as some of those local or more utility-based programs.
Michael Gaugler: So Illinois then was the -- just to be clear, Illinois was the last one in terms of adopting this type of legislation in your system?
Cheryl Norton: Well, Michael, this is a separate piece of legislation. It -- I wouldn't say that there's legislation in every state. We have our own program, our Help to Others program that all of our states participate in all across our footprint. So our customers have had some access to low-income assistance for years now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Greenwald with Bank of America.
Ryan Greenwald: John, congratulations on the new role. It's a pleasure to connect.
John Griffith: Thanks very much, Ryan.
Ryan Greenwald: Absolutely. I appreciate the update. Just a follow-up and brief on the pension comments. You guys had previously disclosed a  loss through mid-May. What was the pension asset performance through June 30?
Susan Hardwick : I don't know, Ryan. I mean I don't think it's something we have got at our fingertips. I don't know what you can divine from the Q on that. Yes, we don't have anything out there, Ryan, to answer that specifically.
Ryan Greenwald: Understood. Is it fair to extrapolate the $9 million pension expense from the PA rate case for the balance of the company, assuming PA is like a 20% allocation?
Susan Hardwick : No.
Ryan Greenwald: Any color on the best way to kind of think about that?
Susan Hardwick : Well, I think that's a difficult approach. Those are estimated costs as of a set of analyses we did for the rate case. I think the answer really to the question is you really just have to wait until we get to the end of the year, and we see really what the impact is going to be going forward. And I would just reiterate what we said in our prepared remarks that we are working diligently in many of these open cases to address these costs. As Cheryl highlighted several of these jurisdictions have forward-looking test years. And we have worked hard to either include these costs or estimates of these costs in those rate cases or we have proposals on the docket to be able to address go-forward exposures. And to the extent we don't cover those costs timely enough in rate cases, we will continue to focus on ways to mitigate those impacts through other cost management efforts, other things. So I don't think you can really draw any broad conclusions based on what you've seen to date, either in terms of market performance or even in our own filings. I think you really just got to wait until we have more insight into expectations at the end of the year, and then we'll certainly tell you how we think about it. But I'd also tell you, again, remind you that John commented in his remarks, we've affirmed our long-term guidance here. So as we think about this going forward, we're certainly confident in our ability to manage the cost, both from just a straight cost management standpoint and regulatory solutions.
Ryan Greenwald: Understood. And then maybe just lastly, the Pennsylvania Governor's move earlier this month to reduce the corporate tax rate, any initial thoughts on potential impact for you guys in PA there and how this could play into the rate case dynamics?
Susan Hardwick : I don't really have anything to say about that at the moment. Again, we'd be considering those types of impacts in this current case. So nothing really to comment on there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS.
Gregg Orrill: Another one on pension. You talked about the quarter method. What's the size of the quarter that you use?
Susan Hardwick : Well, I think the sort of standard approach is a 10%.
Gregg Orrill: And that's across -- that's generally across the company? Okay.
Susan Hardwick : Right. Yes, we have just a single plan, yes.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American's Investor Relations website. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Aaron Musgrave, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may now begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thank you, Nick. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future event, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risk, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risk, uncertainties and factors as well as the more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and on our March 31, 2022 Form 10-Q, each filed yesterday with the SEC. All statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. Susan Hardwick, our President and CEO and CFO will discuss first quarter financial results 2022 earnings and long-term guidance and our commitment to ESG principles. Cheryl Norton, our Executive Vice President and COO, will then review our regulated growth strategy, including capital investments and regulatory proceedings in the first quarter. Susan will then comment on some exciting news we shared yesterday regarding our executive management team, before closing by answering your questions. With that, I'll turn the call over to American Water President CEO and CFO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Aaron, and good morning, everyone. As Aaron said, I'll comment further in just a few minutes about recent announced additions to our executive team. But I want to start by saying what a privilege it has been to serve as the company's CFO these past three years. But I also must say I'm thrilled that this will be my last call as the CFO. Let's turn to slide five and six and I'll start by covering our first quarter financial results and then share some business highlights to start the year. In the first quarter of 2022, earnings were $0.87 per share, compared to $0.73 per share in the same period of 2021. Results for the regulated business drove all of the increase of $0.14 per share while market based business and other results were essentially flat as compared to the same period in 2021. Regulator results for the quarter reflect revenue increases from several general rate proceedings completed in 2021 and early 2022, as well as from infrastructure mechanism filings. These higher revenues were partially offset by higher depreciation and increased production costs due to some inflationary pressures on chemicals and energy prices. Market based businesses and other results were similar in the first quarter of 2022 and 2021, with a loss of $2 million, or $0.01 per share in both of those periods. But in those results, the $0.07 per share of earnings from HOS in 2021, was mostly offset in 2022 by the interest income and earnings from the revenue sharing agreements in place as a result of the sale of HOS late last year. While we're currently reflecting the interest income and revenue share contributions in other, they really do represent results driven by the regulated business. And will even more so once the proceeds of the note receivable from the sale are received and redeployed into regulated capital investment. We will continue to report these pieces separately so that it's easy to track. Finally, our military services group had similar results in both quarters and our MSG team continues to expect an announcement on the Naval Station Mayport, Florida bid this summer. In addition to the strong quarter of earnings growth, our regulated business invested $437 million in capital projects and acquisitions in the quarter. This is a great start to the year and puts us on pace to meet our $2.5 billion capital investment goal in 2022. I may sound like a broken record here. But as we've said last year, when we announced our stepped up capital spending plan, the increasing levels of investment will continue to ramp up during this year and over the next few years. And it will take time to see recovery of those investments in rates. We're now in the regulatory cycle that we've talked about before with general rate cases being filed every two to three years in our larger states. We've already announced rates case filings in New Jersey and Illinois earlier this year, which are proceeding as expected. We'll be filing a general rate case in Pennsylvania tomorrow and our next case in California next week which follows the statutory cycle there. In aggregate, we expect to file five to six general cases in 2022, seeking to earn a return on over $4 billion of investment. Clearly, regulatory execution is critical to the success of our plans. Let me make one more comment on our investment progress before I move on. As you will recall, the $2.5 billion total capital investment plan for 2022 includes the $235 million anticipated acquisition of the city of York's wastewater system that we're very excited about. We're also excited though about the 30 other acquisitions across several states we have under agreement as of March 31. They demonstrate that the acquisition pipeline is quite strong. Turning to slide 7, after a strong start to the year, we are affirming our 2022 guidance range of $4.39 per share to $4.49 per share. As we shared in February, our expected regulated earnings growth range in 2022 of $0.24 to $0.30 reflects new authorized rate levels in several jurisdictions. As expected, we saw much of that revenue increase related to new rates in the first quarter of 2022, including in Pennsylvania, which recorded a full quarter of the base rate increase from last year, as well as the step increase effective January 1 of this year. We also experienced about $0.03 per share of timing favorability for operating costs in the first quarter of ‘22 that we expect to reverse in later quarters. As I've mentioned previously, we will not see any material earnings in 2022 from the redeployment of the sale proceeds from HOS and New York. But the expected earnings from interest on the seller note and revenue from the utility share agreements will nearly offset the loss of the prior annual earnings contribution from HOS. Finally, on slide 7, I'll just reiterate that we are confident in the long-term financial targets we set forth in November, including 7% to 9% EPS growth for 2026. Moving on to slide 8, as we announced yesterday, our Board of Directors increased the company's quarterly cash dividend payment from $0.6025 per share to $0.6550 per share, and nearly 9% increase, including this year's expected increase, we have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 9.6% over the last several years, significantly outpacing most of our utility peers. We plan to grow the dividend at the high end of the 7% to 10% range as we know that is important to many of our shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Cheryl, I want to cover a few important points related to our industry leadership in ESG. Coming in May, we plan to issue our Second Annual Inclusion, Diversity and Equity report. This report will highlight the efforts we have undertaken and the strides we have made advancing our commitment to building an inclusive workplace. Within the report, you will find our first disclosure of consolidated EEO 1 data for American Water. Based on feedback from shareholders and ESG best practices, we made a commitment in our recently filed proxy statement to begin disclosing this data annually in 2022 and thereafter. This action will deliver on that commitment. We are also pleased to be publishing in May the second annual installment of our ESG data summary which will be found on the sustainability page of our Investor Relations website. The data summary will share numerous metrics for calendar year 2021, including scope, one and scope two emissions and progress toward our greenhouse gas emissions reduction target. As many of American Water has achieved significant greenhouse gas emission reductions over the last decade. Due to the nature of our business and our emission reductions over the years, we are in a great position relative to a large majority of our utility peers. For example, we're able to talk about our emissions footprint and hundreds of 1000s of metric tons, whereas most other utilities talk in terms of millions of metric tons. Last year, we came closer to achieving our current goal, we began the process of evaluating new greenhouse gas emission targets. This evaluation is well underway by a large cross functional team and is running in parallel with our annual planning process. They are focused on diligent study and analysis including the potential addition of a scope three emissions and potential alignment with the Paris Agreement. The team expects to present its findings and recommendations to management and the board later this year. I wanted to share this update with you today to demonstrate our commitment to transparency as one of the top ESG leaders in the industry. And with that let me turn the call over to Cheryl to cover in more detail our operating results and strategies for ’22. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, Susan, and good morning everyone. Turning to slide 11, our regulated business leaders and their teams did a great job in the first quarter executing on our increased capital plan. It took a significant effort to safely and efficiently deliver the dozens of projects that improved our systems and drove capital investment higher by nearly $100 million in the quarter compared to the same period last year. This result keeps us on pace to hit our goal of approximately $2 billion of regulated capital investment spending in 2022. Turning to slide 12, shown here is our summary of rate case filings and legislative updates. On the legislative front, there are three pieces of legislation that have passed so far this year, two in Indiana and one in Virginia. The Virginia Bill is an important confirmation of the use of standalone state specific capital structure in ratemaking proceedings for investor owned utilities. The two Indiana bills provide constructive outcomes around recovery of property taxes, as well as promoting sound, safety and asset management practices by all utilities in the state. We believe our legislative efforts benefit our customers and give communities more options as they seek solutions to water and wastewater challenges. And you can find in the appendix to today's presentation, a summary of some of our key legislative outcomes in the states we serve. You can also see on slide 12 as Susan previously indicated, this is a very busy year for general rate cases. We filed two cases already in 2022 in New Jersey and Illinois. These two filings were driven by recovery of the extensive capital investments we've made since the last cases in those states, totaling more than $2 billion combined. In New Jersey, this includes a filter rehabilitation project to improve water quality at the Raritan millstone plant serving more than 1 million people, as well as projects to improve water quality at dozens of wells, pumping stations and other critical facilities serving customers throughout New Jersey. In Illinois, investments include the replacement, lining and installation of approximately 141 miles of aging water and wastewater pipelines, as well as the role of near rolling of nearly 30 acquisitions since the last general rate case. And as Susan mentioned, we expect to file three to four more cases this year, including the case in Pennsylvania tomorrow, where we'll be seeking recovery of over $1 billion of investments. Next week, we'll also be making an initial filing related to our general rate case in California, which is in keeping with the state's three year cycle, the California case will seek to recover nearly $600 million of forecasted capital investments and will include several closed and pending acquisitions. In addition, we will be filing notice with the Missouri Public Service Commission tomorrow that we plan to file a case by mid-year. And finally, as you know, we have three active cases from 2021 that we expect to bring to conclusion this year. Moving to slide 13. To date, we have a total annualized revenue request of $220 million in pending cases, which includes two infrastructure surcharge proceedings, already in rates is $79 million in annualized new revenues since January of 2021. This includes $48 million from general rate cases and step increases, excluding the agreed reduction in revenues for excess accumulated deferred income taxes and $31 million from infrastructure surcharges. For the remainder of the year, we expect to file additional general rate cases to roll in infrastructure investment and acquisitions since the last cases. As always, execution on these regulatory priorities is key to our plan for earnings growth. Because we make prudent investments and have skilled and dedicated employees working on these cases, we're very confident in constructive outcomes. And as always, we remain very focused on customer affordability. Our emphasis on cost and capital efficiencies, coupled with our customer growth efforts have continued to deliver very affordable bills as a percentage of household income for most of our customers. We also continue to evolve our strategies around rate designed to assist our low income customers who are challenged with affordability. These efforts in addition to our historical customer assistance programs, as well as the programs we're implementing across our footprint funded by the 2021 American Rescue Plan Act. These programs have already provided millions of dollars of support to our customers, and we support their continued funding. Turning to slide 14, and the acquisition piece of our growth triangle, we were excited to announce on April 14 that the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved our application to purchase the city of York's wastewater system for $235 million, signed just one year ago, York is the largest municipal acquisition in Pennsylvania American Water’s history and as being executed under Pennsylvania's fair market value legislation. We're thrilled to soon be serving approximately 45,000 customers there, and we expect to close the acquisition by or before mid-June. Another acquisition under agreement is Egg Harbor City, New Jersey, which is the first transaction under the New Jersey Water Infrastructure Protection Act. Importantly, we believe other municipalities will benefit by this legislation in the future, as it allows communities with significant operating challenges to swiftly partner with a provider like us to address this issues. Egg Harbor City represents about 3,000 customer connections, and we also expect to close on this acquisition later this year. Finally, still on the acquisition front, a smaller but important one is the water system we are acquiring from the town of Waverly, Virginia that we expect to close in the next few months. This represents our first acquisition in Virginia under the fair market value legislation that was finalized in October of 2022. As a result, the pending closing is an important milestone as we work through this process for the first time in the state. I'll close on slide 15, with a project coming from our military services group that illustrates another example of ESG impact as a result of American Water’s investment. MSG partnered with Hill Air Force Base in Utah to construct a net zero operation center to enhance energy efficiency and reduce emissions there. The building design focused on both reducing energy usage and also offsetting energy usage with solar panels. After project completion, the building not only met all of its power supply needs, but also sent power back to the grid. This project is just one example of the many projects MSG undertakes at the 17 military installations it serves across the country that creates a financial win for both sides and an environmental win for us all. With that, I'll now turn it back over to Susan for some closing remarks. Susan?
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Cheryl. Turning to our final slide, slide 16. And before we begin Q&A, I want to comment further on our announcement of the hiring of a CFO. As I'm sure you saw yesterday, we announced that John Griffith will be joining American Water as our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer effective May 16. John comes to us from Bank of America and brings more than 25 years of industry knowledge and financial and transactional expertise. I personally know John and his capabilities, he is very talented and will bring the right skills at the right time to help American Water continue its journey of strategic execution, and delivery of superior results. As John joins us, our senior executive team is now fully in place. If you recall, Jim Gallegos, our Executive Vice President and General Counsel joined us on April 1 of this year, Jim brings nearly 20 years of regulated general counsel expertise and is already integrating nicely into the organization. We are thrilled to have both John and Jim on board now. As I've said before, I'm confident in the plan that we have in place to grow this business. And I'm confident we have the right teams in place throughout our states at the basis we serve, and here in our corporate office to achieve our goals in 2022 and beyond. And with that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Operator:  First question comes from Rebecca Yuan, Goldman Sachs.
Rebecca Yuan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So first question, are there any changes to your equity issuance plans, both in terms of the $1.1 billion magnitude and timing in the middle of the five year range?
Susan Hardwick: Good morning. No, no expected changes to that plan.
Rebecca Yuan: Okay, great. And then my second question, given the current inflationary environment, are Munis more willing to sell their utilities? Are you seeing any of that or potential opportunities to accelerate some tuck-ins?
Susan Hardwick: Well, we certainly think that is going to contribute to issues that municipals will face. We haven't seen any specific opportunities pop-up because of that. But we do know that those are factors that will weigh heavily on some of these communities and their analysis and assessment of their opportunity to sell to American Water. And Cheryl, anything to add from your perspective on that.
Cheryl Norton: No, not really, Susan. As you said, we haven't seen anybody specifically come forward related to that. But we do know those pressures are very real and we're able to manage them because of our size and scope where a lot of the Municipals are going to struggle with that.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Greenwald of Bank of America.
Ryan Greenwald: Hey, good morning, everyone. Congratulations on new hiring. So appreciate the color around the O&M timing. Can you guys just talk a bit more about how the quarter shook out relative your expectations? Any other particular considerations that are making you guy’s kind of hold guidance in place after what appears to be a pretty strong quarter to start the year here?
Susan Hardwick: Well, Ryan, I think relative to expectations this quarter was right on target. As we said, in the call, we did have a couple of timing items, not terribly material. But really what drove the quarter was revenue associated with all the regulatory proceedings that we've been in the process of executing. And if you recall, the largest piece of that is the Pennsylvania rate increase that was effective January 28 of 2021. So this year, of course, reflects a full quarters worth of revenues associated with that increase. And obviously, that was a big driver year-over-year for the quarter. So again, the quarter for us was a very good one, but it reflected full execution on our plan, and really met our expectations. And as we said, our expectations for the year remain the same. We're very confident about our ability to deliver on the plan we have laid out for ‘22.
Ryan Greenwald: Excellent. And then can you guy just provide an update on Chester from your vantage point where things are in the process, timeline resolution, overall conviction levels to close the transaction?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, not a whole lot to add. Not much new from our side on that. But I'll let Cheryl make a couple comments there.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, so obviously, kind of held up in the courts, if you will. I think we're, I don't anticipate seeing anything probably it's possible this year, but it's going to be months out for sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys, it's actually a Chen for Shar. Good morning. So I guess just wanted to build off the prior question. It looks like the customer connections for the year is a little ahead of target. Just more broadly, are you seeing increasing competition for some of these muni acquisitions?
Susan Hardwick: I'd say generally, yes. In certain of our jurisdictions, we have seen certainly more competition here in the northeast, we continue to believe that we are the preferred provider and should be, we have the scale and the scope necessary to address many of the issues that these municipals face. And we have the expertise that we've demonstrated in a number of transactions throughout our service territory that really proves that, in fact, we are the best provider in all of these situations. So certainly more competition. But we remain very confident in our ability to deliver the needed services for some of these communities that need help.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent. And like it's just building on the prior one as well, just on the supply chain side, as we think about O&M for the rest of the year. Anything that you've seen in the first quarter that gives you caution one way or the other or anything that we should think about as we look at the rest of year?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. Obviously, there's still lots of impacts being felt throughout the economy. And we certainly are not immune to that. Although, I would say we're in a better position than most just given our size and scale and our ability to sort of mass purchase products that we need. There are some supply chain bottlenecks, I'd say around certain items that we use, but we've actually seen a bit of an improvement in the supply. And some of those critical items, we've seen price increases, but we've actually seen the rate of those increases start to slow down a bit, which is a positive sign. And again, just given our size and scale, we've certainly been able to manage through that so far. And we'll continue to focus on all things we can do to help mitigate those impacts and ultimately, the impacts to customers.
Unidentified Analyst: Excellent, thanks. So I'll just echo Ryan and say congrats on the new hires.
Operator: Next question will be from Gregg Orrill of UBS.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. I was wondering if you could put into context, sort of the backlog of rate cases that you have right now relative to your sort of 7% to 9% earnings growth target, is it-- when you think about Pennsylvania and California, and what's already outstanding, do you think that could take you above trend? Or is that kind of what we're expecting? Or is there even sort of momentum that's continuing to build there?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, it's a good question. I would just tell you that our current regulatory schedule, or activity is really according to our plan. We have signaled, I think for some time that you can expect us to be in the regulatory arena regularly. And certainly on our larger stage, every two to three years, we would expect to be in for general rate increases every two to three years. And I think that's reflective, also of just the level of capital spending. As you know, we have increased our spend trajectory in this last plan update we did in November. So that just again, underscores our approach to regulatory recovery, and the cycle on which we will execute that. I think it's also important to note that we have very effective mechanisms in many of our jurisdictions. And I think we're somewhere in the 65% range or so of our spend gets recovered through those mechanisms, which certainly helps on the regulatory lag side, from an earnings perspective, and helps the customer I think, sort of better plan for rate increases coming their way. So we take advantage of all those things and use those as effectively as we can to execute on the strategy. Now, long answer to your question. Short answer is, it is according to the plan, and we've continued to execute according to that plan.
Operator: It concludes the question-and-answer session, and also concludes the conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2021 Earnings Conference Call.  As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website.  Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through February 24, 2022. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing (877) 344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088 and the access code for the replay is 8387509. The audio webcast archive will be available for 1 year on American Water's Investor Relations website. And I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Aaron Musgrave, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Musgrave, you may begin.
Aaron Musgrave: Thanks, Tom. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Let me first go over some safe harbor language. Today, we will be making forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based on our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our December 31, 2021, Form 10-K, each filed yesterday with the SEC. The reconciliation for the calculation of the O&M efficiency ratio, a non-GAAP financial measure can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the accompanying slide deck, which has been posted to the Investor Relations page on our website. All statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. In addition, for the purposes of the presentation, our long-term EPS CAGR range is anchored off of the normalized 2021 earnings per share results, our last reported actual results. And with that, I'll turn the call over to American Water's President, CEO and CFO, Susan Hardwick.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning, everyone. Before we get started, I want to take just a moment to say thank you for all of the thoughtful comments sent our way over the past few months to express your best wishes for Walter in his recovery. I also want to thank those who have reached out over the last few weeks with your encouragement for me in the role as CEO. It's an honor and a privilege to serve this great company. And as I begin this journey, I want to reassure you that our strategy remains unchanged from what we shared with you in November of last year. This team is energized and is in execution mode to deliver on our commitment of 7% to 9% long-term earnings growth by continuing to invest in our infrastructure, grow our regulated operations through acquisition and support our military by growing our military services footprint. We are focused on operating where we create the most value. And now as we've transitioned to a 100% regulated and regulated-like business, we believe we are positioned to deliver even higher quality earnings. There is no other water and wastewater service provider in the United States with our scale and capability. And for our investors that rely on our dividend, we are committed to grow our dividend at the high end of the 7% to 10% range. We know that the best way to secure your confidence in us is to deliver. That's exactly what we did in 2021 and what we are committed to do going forward. And with that, let's get to it. Turning to Slides 5 and 6. I'll start by covering our financial results and then share some highlights of our operational excellence in 2021. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2021, earnings were $6.95 per share compared to $3.91 per share in the same period of 2020. Full year and fourth quarter 2021 results include a gain of $2.70 per share, which reflects the completion of the sale of Homeowner Services in December reduced by the $0.19 per share contribution to the American Water Charitable Foundation from the proceeds on the sale. Full year and fourth quarter 2021 results were $4.25 per share and $0.85 per share, respectively, before the gain on the sale of HOS. This represents an 8.7% growth over 2020 earnings, a strong result that is in line with expectations and demonstrates another year of successfully meeting our annual earnings guidance. Earnings in the regulated business in 2021 increased $0.40 per share. Regulated results include the impact of increased revenues from new rates in effect as well as earnings from acquisitions offset somewhat by higher wages and other labor-related costs. Production, operating and maintenance costs and depreciation also increased in support of growth in the business. Market-Based business results, apart from the gain on the sale of HOS decreased by $0.10 per share compared to 2020, primarily because of the timing of the sale of HOS. Parent company results were $0.04 per share higher in 2021 as compared to 2020. On the people side, I'm very proud that last year marked one of our company's best years of safety performance, an excellent outcome amid the ongoing operational challenges related to the pandemic. We also witnessed the value of our resiliency investments in our New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Maryland operations. We successfully withstood widespread flooding in the aftermath of Hurricane Ida while our customers' drinking water quality was not impacted in any of our service areas. Related to capital investments. Our regulated business achieved $1.8 billion of infrastructure improvements, replacements and other system work in 2021 to better serve our customers. As we made these investments, we continue to work hard to keep customer bills affordable by focusing on operating and capital efficiencies, constructive regulatory outcomes and by leveraging the size and scale of our business, along with achieving our supply chain successes throughout the pandemic. As we discussed with you in 2021, regulated acquisitions continue to be a key component of our customer affordability and growth strategies. While we welcomed approximately 20,000 new customer connections through acquisitions in 6 states last year, we know that these results are lower than our annual targets. And of course, acquisition totals fluctuate year-to-year, but we are encouraged that we are currently -- that we currently have acquisitions under agreement covering about 77,000 customer connections to start the new year. Cheryl will talk more about our progress on acquisitions a bit later. And finally, we are pleased to have successfully executed on the sales of HOS and our New York and Michigan operations. As we outlined in November, we will redeploy the proceeds from these divestitures into our regulated business where we can best serve customers and drive efficiencies and thus create value for our customers, employees and shareholders. Turning to Slide 7. We believe the combination of our EPS growth, our dividend and an ESG premium continues to be rewarded by investors, securing our place as a top performer in the utility sector on total shareholder return for many years now. As you can see on this slide, we have delivered an exceptional total return to shareholders of 185% over the past 5 years, including our excellent dividend growth. Based on the long-term plans we've laid out in our history of executing on our strategies, we expect to continue to deliver a very competitive total shareholder return for many years to come.  Moving to Slide 8. I want to emphasize just a few points here. We continue to believe that our plan, both the level of investment and how we intend to finance it, is supportive of our current credit ratings. As we've told you, both S&P and Moody's agreed with that. They both affirmed our ratings last year following our Investor Day presentation. This was due in part to the recognition of our shift to 100% regulated and regulated-like earnings, coupled with our decision to operate in constructive regulatory jurisdictions. They affirm that our solid financial metrics are a good complement to our business profile. We're proud that our A credit rating at S&P is 1 of only 2 in the industry. Our strong credit profile is something we value and we will continue to work hard at maintaining it for the benefit ultimately of our customers. The other thing I'll point out on this slide is our total debt to total capital metric. At the end of 2021, we were at 61%. After adding back to total debt, the initial HOS sales proceeds of $480 million yet to be deployed. This is about 1% better than where we ended 2020 and puts us on a good path to our goal of roughly 60% by the end of our 5-year plan. As we look ahead to 2022, let's turn to Slides 9 and 10 for a recap of some of the important strategies we laid out back in November. The map on Slide 9 clearly demonstrates our geographic diversity and how our scale and size are a key competitive advantage, especially when it comes to customer affordability. Because of our large customer base in each state, we're able to spread capital investment across that base, helping to maintain affordability for our customers. Including the 17 military installations we serve through our military services group, we provide drinking water and wastewater services to an estimated 14 million people in 24 states. On Slide 10, as we laid out in November, we plan to spend $13 billion to $14 billion over the next 5 years and approximately $28 billion to $32 billion over the next 10 years in our regulated business. These capital investments generate significant economic benefit to the local and regional economies while likely improving the environmental footprint of the systems in these communities. This is another demonstration of how the values of ESG are integrated into our everyday work. We'll balance these investments through a disciplined regulatory strategy and strategic cost management to support customer affordability. And again, while there's a ramp-up time related to the increased capital and the recovery of those investments, our earnings will be more consistent and stable in the long term. Turning to Slides 11 and 12. Let's look ahead at our outlook for earnings in 2022 as compared to 2021. As we shared in our earnings release yesterday, we are affirming our 2022 guidance range of $4.39 per share to $4.49 per share. We thought it would be helpful to share some details of the drivers year-over-year since there were several moving parts. As you can see on Slide 11, our regulated earnings growth range in '22 of $0.24 to $0.30 reflects the fact that we are filing several significant general rate cases in '22, along with labor costs and chemical cost pressures this year that may not be recoverable outside of a rate case. So we're back in that regulatory cycle that we've talked about before. And as I've mentioned previously, we will not see any material earnings in 2022 from the redeployment of sales proceeds from HOS in New York. But we will benefit from the interest income on the HOS note and the revenue share agreement in 2022, helping to offset the loss of earnings from HOS operations. Finally, on Slide 12, I'll just reiterate that we are confident in the long-term financial targets we set forth in November, including 7% to 9% EPS growth through 2026, and we believe well beyond that. Next, I want to cover a few important points about ESG -- about our ESG efforts on Slide 13. American Water has been recognized as an industry leader in ESG for many years now, and we're very proud of those accolades. Today, I want to highlight what I think is an underappreciated aspect of our ESG story, namely our decades-long runway of transformational impact in communities across the U.S. We are positioned through our regulated acquisition growth strategy to lead significant environmental and social change in the communities we serve or will serve in the future. Slide 13 highlights this ESG impact opportunity for an acquired -- for our required systems. But the reality is our entire growth triangle has impactful ESG-related initiatives integrated within each area. As you see and hear us continue to highlight this aspect of our ESG story, you'll begin to see our newly created ESG badge as shown on Slide 13. It will appear both internally and externally in our communications as we raise awareness of the integration of ESG principles and values in all that we do. And you'll see the water drop part of the badge shift from E to S to G as appropriate in order to highlight the key impact for the topic at hand. Let me close on Slide 14 with just 1 example of a story of ESG impact because of American Water's investment. This story comes from Indiana American Water, which serves over 1 million customers in that state. As some of you know, I'm originally from a small town in Indiana, that happens to be just a few hours from another small town in Indiana called Sheridan. A number of years ago, Sheridan was facing significant environmental compliance issues with the U.S. EPA related to its wastewater system. As we so often see the issue became bigger than just an environmental one. The town was facing business development restrictions because of its noncompliance issues. And if you fast forward to today, you can see -- and as you can see listed there on that slide, the many positive changes that have occurred as we partnered with the community to solve those issues. In the future, when you hear us talk about our acquisition pipeline of 1.3 million customer connections, I hope you'll see it in a different light. Sure, it means financial growth opportunity, which is very important to us, but it also means a long runway of opportunities to make a positive impact environmentally and socially. And with that, let me turn it over to Cheryl to cover our operating strategies for '22 in greater detail. Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Thanks, Susan. Before we dive into our growth triangle to review key operational and financial goals this year, let's turn to Slide 16 to cover our foundations for success in 2022. As Susan mentioned earlier, our strengths start with our unwavering commitment to safety, which is a leading indicator of our company's health, but we must get the other fundamentals of a high-performance culture right as well. Striving for operational excellence helps us work smarter, and it enables us to provide safe, clean and affordable water services for our customers. This means we go well beyond minimum requirements in order to be the industry leader in operational and environmental excellence. This can only be achieved over the long run with a commitment to building collaborative high-performing teams. We know that creating an equitable culture where people feel valued, included and empowered is critical to our ability to serve our customers every day. We share with our employees the ways that they contribute to the success of our company, which inspires them to make a positive difference for our customers and for the communities we serve. The recognition of New Jersey and Illinois American Water for being ranked #1 within the J.D. Power 2021 Water Utility Residential Customer Satisfaction Study is truly a testament to our employees' commitment to delivering exceptional customer service. I'll talk more about growth in a few minutes. But regarding ESG, we believe the spirit of ESG is just an affirmation of the values we've upheld for decades. From environmental leadership and sustainability to employee engagement and equity, to transparency and good governance, these principles are foundational to our corporate strategy. Turning to Slide 17. I want to start by expressing my gratitude to our regulated business leaders and their teams for achieving our goal of $1.9 billion of capital investments in 2021. It's no small feat to safely and efficiently execute the hundreds of projects across our territories each year. This is especially true in years like 2021 when we reallocated capital midyear in response to a business need. We allocated additional capital to infrastructure investments in the second half of 2021 as we witnessed less of a need for capital acquisitions in the first half of the year. As we've discussed many times, the infrastructure needs across the business are significant, and our teams quickly adjusted to utilize the additional available capital. You can continue to expect us to shift capital between these 2 buckets each year to adjust for changing business conditions. Looking ahead to our step-up in regulated infrastructure investments in 2022 of $2 billion from $1.8 billion in 2021, we'll be focusing on a variety of projects across our footprint. As we've told you before, there are very few major projects in terms of dollar magnitude, but rather hundreds of smaller ones. A few projects planned for 2022 that stand out, though, include $8 million for intake pipe work at our Hopewell, Virginia water treatment plant and $13 million for pipeline and treatment improvements at our Hays Mine water treatment plant in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Moving to Slide 18. We want to briefly highlight our continued execution related to growing regulated rate base, which drives our earnings growth. We're also affirming our expectations of 8% to 9% rate base growth over the next decade, which aligns with the $25 billion to $28 billion of investment needs across our systems, plus the rate base we add through acquisitions. Turning to Slide 19. Shown here is our summary of rate case filings. 2022 is a very busy year for general rate cases. We filed 2 cases already in 2022 in New Jersey and Illinois. These filings are driven by recovery of the extensive capital investments we've made since the last cases in those states totaling more than $2 billion combined. We also have 4 active cases from 2021 that we expect to bring to conclusion this year, including West Virginia, where we invested almost $260 million in upgrading our infrastructure since our last case. To show the magnitude of these filings to date, you can see on Slide 20 that we have a total annualized revenue request of $255 million, which includes 2 infrastructure surcharge proceedings. Already in rates is $218 million in annualized new revenues since January of 2021. This includes $135 million from general rate cases and step increases, including the agreed reduction in revenues for excess accumulated deferred income taxes and $83 million from infrastructure surcharges. For the remainder of the year, we expect to file additional general rate cases to roll in infrastructure investment and acquisitions since the last cases. As always, execution on these regulatory priorities is key to our plan for growth in the business because we make prudent investments and have skilled and dedicated employees working on these cases, we're very confident in constructive outcomes as we've demonstrated many times over the years. On to Slide 21, where you can see that our focus on customer affordability continues. Our emphasis on cost and capital efficiencies, coupled with our customer growth efforts, have continued to deliver very affordable bills as a percentage of household income for most of our customers. Our customers' bills are currently on average in the range of $45 to $65 per month. As we grow our footprint, we are continuously looking at ways to improve our operating efficiencies as we work hard to limit bill increases over time.  Turning to Slide 22. We continue to work constructively with regulators and legislators in the states where we operate. As you can see on the slide, there were multiple pieces of legislation enacted last year that we believe will benefit our customers and give communities more options as they seek solutions to water and wastewater challenges. Let me highlight just 3. First, in New Jersey, the state's Water Quality Accountability Act was strengthened last year. The enhancements include additional enforcement requirements for reporting data, stronger cybersecurity requirements and asset management plans and requirements for the sale of systems with prolonged violations. Given the national news on cyber threats to our infrastructure, we saw this legislation as an important step taken by the state of New Jersey. Similar legislation also exists in Indiana and Missouri, and we continue to see other states consider bills that set operational standards for all water utilities. Second, we saw fair market value legislation enacted in more states. This important tool for community is now exists in 12 of the states where we operate. Finally, the bipartisan infrastructure package became law and we are currently working at the state level to identify projects where we can use low interest financing made available through an increase in state revolving funds. The savings made possible by these state revolving funds are passed directly to our customers. Meaning we can invest more with less impact to bills. I also want to note that in addition to our historical customer assistance programs, our states are implementing programs that were funded by the 2021 American Rescue Plan Act. In Pennsylvania alone, we have distributed nearly $750,000 to customers in need in the first 5 weeks of the new program. It's a great program and 1 that we hope continues. We are already engaging in 22 legislative efforts at both the state and federal level as many sessions are underway.  Turning to Slide 23 and the acquisition piece of our growth triangle. I want to start by talking about our sharpened focus on our acquisition strategies. We're very focused on growing in states where we can leverage our competitive advantages. For us, this means a few things. We target acquisitions in the range of 5,000 to 50,000 customers where we have constructive regulatory environments and existing footprint and critical mass. This critical mass is not only helpful to promote customer affordability and cost efficiencies, but as we grow in each state, we will have a greater voice to help solve industry challenges through the legislative and regulatory policies. We also have ample opportunities for wastewater acquisitions where we have an existing water service footprint. Now that we've covered the strategies, let's turn to Slide 24 to look at our 2021 results and our expectations for 2022. While we were pleased to welcome 20,000 new customers across 6 states in 2021, our $135 million of acquisitions was short of our planned target for the year. Some of this was due to COVID as municipalities maintained a cautious approach to evaluating possible solutions for their systems needs in light of potential federal assistance. That said, we are starting this year with about 77,000 customer connections under agreement, which is a very strong number. This includes 74,000 customer connections under agreement as of December 31, of which approximately 45,000 are in York, Pennsylvania, which we expect to close in the second quarter of this year. It also includes 25 more signed agreements from 2021 for acquisitions representing 29,000 customer connections as well as another 3,500 signed in the first 6 weeks of 2022. Of those agreements, Egg Harbor City is the first sale under the New Jersey Water Infrastructure Protection Act and represents about 3,000 customer connections that we expect to close mid to late year. Importantly, we believe other municipalities will benefit by this legislation in the future.  You'll see on the slide, we also had bids accepted representing over 11,000 customers in 5 states at the end of 2021. The bids accepted phase is part of the pathway to acquisition, falling between the pipeline of opportunities and the under agreement phase. In total, our goal is $500 million of acquisitions in 2022, including York. We also have multiple unique opportunities with communities that recognize our competitive advantages. We have great teams in place with great solutions to offer many communities. Combined with our infrastructure investments, we're very confident that we can meet our goal of $2.5 billion of regulated investments in 2022. Turning to Slide 25. Our Military Services Group or MSG, complete our growth triangle and remains an important part of our business. This regulated-like business focuses on serving military installations across the country through 50-year operating contracts and then optimizing revenues on those installations beyond the base contract. We currently serve 17 installations and are actively bidding on 3 additional projects, including Naval Station Mayport in Florida, which we expect will announce the winning bidder the summer. The other 2 active bids are expected to be awarded in 2023. Beyond these 3, there could be nearly 70 other opportunities in the years ahead. The majority of which we think we can win based on our successful track record and our growing expertise in the business. I'll now turn it back over to Susan for some closing remarks. Susan?
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Cheryl. Turning to our final slide, Slide 27. And before we begin Q&A, I want to reiterate what I said at the beginning of the call today. I am confident in the plan that we have in place to grow this business, and I'm confident we have the right teams in place throughout our states at the bases we serve and here in our corporate office to achieve our goals in 2022 and beyond. Our team has consistently delivered on our earnings and dividend growth goals year-over-year. Nothing has changed regarding our team's ability and determination to continue that record of execution. We have, without question, consistently raised the bar in the water and wastewater industry for standards of operating excellence, ESG leadership and financial performance as evidenced in part by our exceptional 5-year total shareholder return of 185%. That's why we're reaffirming the long-term targets we initiated last November.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to our operator to begin Q&A and take any questions you may have for us.
Operator:  And the first question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
Insoo Kim: And first of all, I do definitely wish Walter the best of luck and Susan definitely good luck in this new role and I think an important 1 at that.
Susan Hardwick : Thank you, Insoo. We certainly appreciate that.
Insoo Kim: First question I think just the -- on the financial side, I just wanted to verify that on your 5-year plan, I think at the Analyst Day, you had talked about, I think, $1.1 billion of equity needs. Just want to confirm that, that is still the right number that we should be thinking of? And if that's the case, and related to that, any thoughts around types of equity issuances, whether it's trade or potential for equity in unit converts?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. And Insoo, we didn't specifically call that out today in the call, but you're absolutely right. The $1.1 billion of equity that we laid out in November is still our current plan. And it is still -- we're still anticipating it in. What I've always sort of characterized as sort of the middle of this 5 years. So you can expect it in the '23, '24 time frame, I think. We are still looking at options. We certainly think there are lots of tools in place to be able to execute effectively here. The size of the issue at just over $1 billion starts to get interesting in terms of size. I think we could easily do that in a single issue, but we want to make sure that we thought through how best to sort of time the issue with the spend. So we may look at sort of staging that over a period of time. Again, roughly sort of in that middle of the 5 years, as I said. So no change in the total, no change in the timing, still need to figure out exactly the final strategy on how we'll issue it. But I think that the sort of basics are unchanged.
Insoo Kim: Got it. That makes sense. And then just on the CFO process of finding the permanent CFO, are you looking both internally or is it mostly external? And any type of profile that you're looking for, whether it's someone with the experience in the utilities industry or whatnot. just any thoughts you have there so far?
Susan Hardwick : Yes, it's a good question. We have engaged Korn Ferry to help us with the search. We do expect the search to move very quickly. And this is a highly regulated business, as we've talked about. So certainly, individuals that have utility experience, have been in or around the industry will certainly be high on our list of potential candidates.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Susan, congrats on your appointment, and also my best wishes for Walter.
Susan Hardwick : Thank you. Appreciate it.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. So just 1 thing I wanted to clarify. I think Aaron touched on this, but just on the 7% to 9% EPS growth rate starting point, did you guys effectively move that from '20 to 2021 now?
Susan Hardwick : It is anchored off of our normalized '21. And our practice here typically has been to anchor it off of the most recent actual results. So as we are affirming guidance here and talking about long-term plans, we are anchoring off of '21.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Excellent. And then I think, Susan, you also touched this in your remarks, but -- and I hear you on the strategy being the same. Anything big picture that you would do differently? And I know you've been part and parcel of the strategy, but just any thoughts there.
Susan Hardwick : No. We think the strategy is quite strong. We obviously made some changes when we came out in November with the plan we laid out in November, and we are absolutely committed to that plan. We think it is the right plan. And as I said at the outset, and I think Cheryl demonstrated in her remarks, we're very confident in our ability to execute on this plan.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Okay. And then just 1 last follow-up, if I may, and I'll jump back in the queue. Any things, how are you feeling about this New Jersey rate case that you just filed anything for investors to watch on? What are the drivers? anything specifically that we should be focused on as this case progresses?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. I'll let Cheryl comment in a second. But certainly, it's a large case for us. We've got a lot of investments since the last case, believe it or not, in that case, I think it was just 2 years ago. So it's a very important case, large jurisdiction for us. We think we can be and have been very effective in the New Jersey jurisdiction. So we would expect sort of typical issues in this case, but we're very optimistic about the case we have filed and our ability to work through it effectively. Cheryl, anything you want to add to that?
Cheryl Norton: No, Susan, I think really, as you said, the main drivers are the amount of capital that we've invested in the system. And it's a pretty standard case for us, strong team filing the case, and I will just go through the process as we have in the past, and it is important for us, but we feel like we've filed a really strong case with great investments.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport.
AngieStorozynski: Susan, congratulations.
Susan Hardwick : Thank you, Angie.
Angie Storozynski: I just wanted to follow up on the equity. So I understand that you have plenty of liquidity right now and that you're trying to match that incremental funding with the spend. But I mean, you could consider an equity forward. There is maybe a way to also monetize some of the smaller, less core assets to avoid the equity. Could you comment on either of those just to get this equity overhang out of the way?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. It's a good question, Angie. And I didn't specifically mention this in response to Insoo's question, but certainly, equity forward is on the list of options for us. We have executed some strategic transactions. We covered that in our remarks here today with the exit of HOS in New York and Michigan. Those are all aimed at creating – essentially creating equity, creating proceeds for us to be able to invest that lowers the amount of equity we have to do in the marketplace. And obviously, those things were considered in the plan that we laid out in November and are contemplated in the $1.1 billion.  We'll continue to do those evaluations to see if there are other things we should be doing. At our current position, though, we think this is the right set of assets for us to be invested in, in the right jurisdictions. I think the plan, as we have laid out, again, supports the need for that equity in the middle of the plan. And as you've heard me say many times, while I know there's an anticipation for us to issue in the overhang that goes with that, I don't want to prematurely issue it and sort of carry that – the dilution associated with it unless we've got investments to match it. So we absolutely have it timed in the plan that we think is appropriate. We'll continue to look at options on how best to do it. And any adjustments we would make to that plan, we'll certainly make sure we communicate that. But I don't anticipate any dramatic changes at this point.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And then secondly, on any sort of inflationary pressures that you are seeing on the regulated side? And then how, if at all, that could actually help you with any municipal M&A because I'm assuming that those municipally-owned systems also face the same pressures and that might exacerbate their need for funding. So if you could comment on these.
Susan Hardwick : Yes, I'll let Cheryl weigh in here on the impact potentially to municipals. Largely, though, on the inflation side, we are active in the regulatory process. So we'll be hopefully current in reflecting cost impacts to the business through the regulatory process. Obviously, it impacts our customers. So we do our best to maintain or hold those cost impacts down. We've been very successful on the supply chain side over the course of the year and certainly going into the future to be able to hold those cost increases down. And we think, again, we've done so pretty successfully. So any real impacts ultimately to us or the customer should be mitigated.  On the municipal side and is it a driver for them to potentially push them over the edge to want to privatize, I think it's a good question. I think we'll see some reaction to that. We'll see some -- we'll certainly have conversations with some of these municipals on those additional pressures. I don't know that we've seen any real direct impacts yet or any sort of change in the dialogue yet. But I’ll ask Cheryl to comment on if -- what are her thoughts are around that topic.
Cheryl Norton: Yes, Angie, I think it's just 1 more thing that piles onto those municipal systems that just kind of adds to the load that they're feeling right now. The regulatory environment is absolutely significant for putting pressure on those municipal systems to try to find a better solution than operating their own systems. And I think this inflation piece and also the availability of pipe and chemicals and things like that can absolutely just add more pressure. But Susan is right in that, we haven't seen a big push yet as a result directly of that, but anticipated adding to the load.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And if I may, Susan, I know you said that you're sticking with the strategy that you've announced, well, back in -- that you announced back in October or November. Now -- but taking a step back, given the recent pullback in valuations of other water utilities as well, unfortunately, do you actually think that there is -- you could create some value through any larger strategic transactions involving public water utilities?
Susan Hardwick : Well, Angie, that's a difficult question to answer here. I'm just going to say what I said at the outset. We're very confident in this plan. We have a long track record of execution. We have continued to prepare for this plan and prepare for execution against this plan, and that's what we're intending to do. We are always looking and thinking about the strategy and how it evolves. We have plenty of work to do with this plan, and we're going to continue to execute against it.
Operator:  The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All my best to Walter here and congratulations, Susan. Appreciate the opportunity to connect. So perhaps to kick off here. Absolutely. I look forward to it. So if I can, I think most of them have been answered. On Chester, just to come back to this conversation, I know that you all have indicated your relative confidence. Where does that stand as far as your involvement in that process and your continued confidence there in?
Susan Hardwick : Yes. It's a great question, Julien. Obviously, lots continuing to go on, on that particular system. And I'm going to ask Cheryl actually to comment on what our current thinking there is, which, by the way, has not changed much. But Cheryl?
Cheryl Norton: Yes, it really hasn't changed, Julien. We believe we bid on the system on the RFP and came in with the highest bid. And it's really up to the receiver to decide what is the best thing for that community. And we believe that the very strong bid puts us in a good spot to be able to close that deal.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fair enough. Excellent. And Susan, maybe if I can, strategically, I mean, I know the last 2 questions kind of put it out there. But -- any new fingerprint that you're looking at in terms of revised strategy thought process? I know you covered the top of the remarks here, and in Q&A on M&A, but really what I was thinking about is different states, geographies you're looking to enter to. I know that there's a variety of different legislative efforts that you highlighted in your prepared remarks earlier, but as you think about putting your fingerprints on the company here, any revised thinking on state entry, et cetera, or exit for that matter?
Susan Hardwick : Yes, Julien, I wouldn't say revised. I mean, I think our plan has been and always will be to continue to survey the landscape. We like the states that we're in now, and you saw again us make some moves here to sort of refine our footprint to make sure we're in the jurisdictions that we think are most effective for us. And we certainly think that's where we are now. We will continue, as we always have, to continue to evaluate other jurisdictions, both in terms of regulatory climate and legislative climate and the ability to enter a state in a material way. We haven't changed our metrics around that, what we expect to be able to accumulate in a particular jurisdiction.We got to see ourselves to, in our view, at least 50,000 customers within a 5-year period, that hasn't changed.  But we are constantly looking at those -- at all those options. We're constantly evaluating the landscape in each of the other states that we don't currently operate in, just to make sure that the current footprint is the 1 that is most effective for us. So it's an ongoing process, and it has not changed.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session, which also concludes today's conference call. Thank you very much for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's second quarter 2021 earnings conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 10, 2021. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10158766. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's investor relations website at ir.amwater.com/events.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you Brad and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will as usual open the call for any of your questions. During the conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, as these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our June 30, 2021 Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to O&M efficiency ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide decks for this call. The slide deck has also been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share and for purposes of the anchor year on long term EPS growth guidance, the anchor is weather-adjusted 2020 EPS of $3.84. And with that, I will turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Walter Lynch.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Ed and good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Once again, the employees of American Water delivered solid results as we continue to execute on our low-risk profile and predictable growth story. Let's move to slide five to cover the highlights of our second quarter and six month results. Our second quarter 2021 earnings per share increased 17.5% compared to the second quarter of 2020. Included in the results is a $0.03 per share benefit from weather, primarily in the Northeast where we saw a moderate impact from warmer and drier than normal conditions. In the first six months of 2021, we invested $782 million with the majority dedicated to needed infrastructure improvements to better serve our customers. We continue to work hard to minimize the bill impacts of these investments by focusing on capital and operating efficiencies, constructive regulatory outcomes and by leveraging the size and scale of our business. As a reminder, we previously announced an O&M efficiency target of 30.4% by 2025. We also continue our disciplined approach to regulated acquisitions. We have added approximately 11,200 customer connections to-date through closed acquisitions and organic growth and look forward to welcoming an additional 86,900 customer connections through pending acquisitions. I will provide more detail on growth in a moment.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Walter. Let's start on slide 11 with a review of results. Second quarter 2021 earnings were $1.14 per share compared to $0.97 per share in the second quarter of 2020. As Walter mentioned, included in earnings is an estimated $0.03 per share favorable impact from weather, primarily in the Northeast where we saw conditions warmer and drier than normal through the quarter. Results for the regulated business segment were $1.18 per share, an increase of $0.21 per share compared to 2020 earnings. Results for the market-based business were $0.11 per share, a decrease of $0.02 per share. And finally, parent company results decreased $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the same period last year. Our 2021 earnings through June 30 were $1.87 per share, an increase of $0.22 per share compared to the same period last year. Results for the six month period include the estimated $0.03 per share favorable impact from weather in the second quarter of 2021. Regulated business results increased $0.27 per share compared to 2020 earnings and our market-based business results decreased $0.05 per share and parent company results were unchanged year-over-year. Moving on to slide 12, let me provide just a few more detailed by business. As I noted earlier, regulated results increased $0.21 per share and we saw $0.30 per share increase in revenues from new rates in effect from acquisitions and from the lower demand in the second quarter of 2020 from the COVID-19 pandemic. As a reminder, we saw the 2020 full year impact on demand due to the pandemic to be nearly zero and we see no real lingering impact on demand in 2021. Also, as I mentioned previously, results reflect an estimated $0.03 per share increase from warmer and drier than normal weather, primarily in the Northeast. Partially offsetting these results, O&M expense increased by $0.09 per share and depreciation expense increased $0.03 per share in support of growth in the regulated business. The market-based business results decreased $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2021 as compared to the second quarter of 2020. The lower results reflect increased claims in 2021 in the homeowner services group. The parent results decreased $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2021 compared to the second quarter of 2020, largely driven by higher interest expense to support regulated growth. While on the topic of result, I would like to also reiterate what we told you last quarter with regard to the company's lower effective income tax rate. This results from an increase in the amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes as agreed to through the regulatory process and is largely offset with lower revenue, resulting in no material impact to earnings. And we will continue to see this impact as that amortization continues.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks Susan. Before we move on your questions, I want to take a few minutes to talk about our ESG highlights of the last six months. We have been hearing from stakeholders that they would like to receive more ESG data on an annual basis. We have publish two new documents on our website. First, we made our environmental policy more visible by posting it on our ESG page. We also posted an ESG data summary, which we will update annually. We also continue to implement best practices and respond to surveys and reports. For example, just last week we submitted our annual CDP climate change response which highlights American Water's efforts to address greenhouse gas emissions and risks associated with climate variability. As we have discussed previously since 2007 through year-end 2020, we have reduced our greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 36%. This means we are close to our goal of a 40% reduction by 2025. I also want to mention our recent recognition as a top score in the Disability Equality Index for third year in a row. We firmly believe we are more successful when our workforce reflects the communities that we serve. We are proud to be recognized by DEI and to be an ally to those with different abilities. Finally, as a reminder, we will be publishing and posting our 2019 to 2020 sustainability report this fall. With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: . Our first question today will come from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hi. Good morning guys.
Walter Lynch: Good morning Shar.
Susan Hardwick: Hi Shar.
Shar Pourreza: So just a couple questions here. So first, starting with the sale of the New York utility. Are we too early in the process versus kind of your expectations and guidance? And what is the potential creation of these kind of water authorities mean for the process, assuming the Governor signs them?
Walter Lynch: Well, we continue to work with Liberty cooperatively to get to the endpoint of selling the systems and we do believe that this sale will happen. We are working with the commission staff, with the commission, with the Governor's office to advance this sale. There's just a lot there as far as the North Shore Water Authority, the South Shore Water Authority, there was legislation passed waiting Governor's approval. That's just all part, I think, of how they are looking at this on Long Island to get this deal done. So again, we continue to work in a cooperative way with everybody to get to the endpoint. We are confident that this will happen.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then the infrastructure bill and DC authorizes almost, I think, $15 billion for EPA water funding and millions annually for, like, program like lead reduction and sewer overflows. Do you sort of see this as they crowding out of sort of the private capital like yours, i.e., slowing potential muni acquisition growth? Or is it kind of a drop in the bucket, from a national perspective?
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks for that Shar. And we welcome the attention to the water and wastewater industry. Significant investment is needed over the next 20 years. And we have talked many times about $1 trillion needed. So while this is good money to be put to good causes, there is still a lot to go. And again, we are just happy to be in discussion with the administration as far as in the infrastructure plan. We do think the money set aside for the lead service line replacement and also the PFAS treatment is good and it will help many communities out there. But again, it's a drop in the bucket compared to the overall spending that's necessary. And we don't see it impacting in any way our investment or our growth in the water and wastewater sector through acquisitions.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just lastly, it sounds like Monterey County is getting closer to filing for eminent domain for the local system assets from Cal Am. There is a third-party study that's, I think, forthcoming based on the June 28 quote. Can we just get an overview of sort of what this process could look like from the timing and valuation perspective?
Walter Lynch: Well, as we know, this is a multiyear process. And right now, they are working through getting approval from the Local Agency Formation Commission and once they get that approval, they have got to go through a series of different trials, the right to take trial and then evaluation trial. And so again, it will take years to work through that. But the first step is getting through what's called LAFCO, getting their approval before they can move forward with the condemnation.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Fantastic. Thanks guys. That's all I had.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Shar.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Shar.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ryan Greenwald with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ryan Greenwald: Good morning everyone.
Walter Lynch: Hi Ryan.
Ryan Greenwald: Any additional color you can offer at this point around the grand jury subpoena, whether it be timeline for resolution or potential implications as the process plays out?
Walter Lynch: Yes. Ryan, there is really nothing more we can say. It's ongoing. Our disclosure is everything that we can say about it at this point.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. And then you guys highlighted a couple new state legislative items and then obviously the infra bill at the federal level. Any key states that you are watching from here just in terms of other constructive legislation that could come up, but might be in early days still?
Walter Lynch: Well, in Pennsylvania, there is a Senate Bill that's right in line with the Water Accountability Act, Water Quality Accountability Act. So we are tracking that. That's working its way through in the Senate and then it will be introduced into the House over there. So we are expecting that to progress this year in 2021. So keep an eye out for that. That will be the fourth state. As you know, we are working with Missouri and Indiana to get theirs and also started here in New Jersey. So we are thrilled that Pennsylvania is moving forward with that.
Ryan Greenwald: Great. And then maybe just lastly, in terms of the New York American Water sale, piggybacking off the earlier question, is the expectation that the whole New York American Water operations would ultimately get sold to Liberty? Or do you expect to carveout with the new authorities?
Walter Lynch: Yes. We are working through that. We do expect the sale to go to Liberty in its entirety and then they would work through whatever comes after that.
Ryan Greenwald: Great. I appreciate the time.
Walter Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi. Good morning team. Thanks for taking my question.
Walter Lynch: Hi Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi Walter. Just a quick clarification on the New York American. Just, Susan, I think you mentioned in last call that the sale doesn't impact whether New York ends up being sold or not, it doesn't impact, A, the amount of equity and timing of the equity? Is that still the case?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. That's still the case, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Perfect. And then maybe just got two quick things on 2021. Susan, just market-based earnings continue to be down. This is the second consecutive quarter. And you mentioned in claims expense. Can you maybe just elaborate on that a little bit? Is this still sort of the Texas event from Q1 dragging on to Q2? Or are there claims in certain parts of other service territory that are more adverse than others?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. Let me make just a couple comments and Walter can certainly weigh in. I think the weather event that we saw in the first quarter in Texas and Illinois, that was really isolated to the first quarter. But we have seen the continuation of sort of higher claims experience, I think really largely driven by more at-home activities. We have got more folks at home and there is more pressure on systems. And so we are seeing more failures and more work being done by the HOS team and so that claims experience has been a bit higher than we would have expected. And I think you can also expect higher claims just simply from growth in the business. We have seen more of that occur. And there is also a little bit of higher marketing expense. We didn't call that out specifically, but a bit more marketing expense, as we continue to introduce new products throughout the HOS territory. So it really is a factor, I think, of sort of the pandemic itself and just a bit higher experience than we would have anticipated.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. That's super helpful. And then just one last for me. Can you just share the July weather experience across your service territories?
Walter Lynch: Well, again, we benefit from having diversity across, geographic diversity across our systems. So we have seen some wetter than normal conditions in some areas, but offset by drier in others. But overall, I would say again, some additional precipitation in some areas, in others not so., but all we can set this point, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: So it sounds more like neutral. Okay. Thanks guys. Much appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question will come from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. My first question is on the pace of M&A, tuck-in acquisitions. It seems like you still have a pretty healthy run rate going there. What's a good annualized customer additions rate that we should be embedding maybe in the five-year plan and that might be in your plan as well?
Walter Lynch: Well, at 1.5% to 2%, we are around 50,000 to 60,000 to 70,000 customers a year, is what you should think in that term. And again, we continue to build our pipeline, Insoo. And we have increase it from 1.23 million to 1.3 million. We continue to have discussions with communities across our footprint because we can provide solutions and that's what they are looking for. So we are really proud of our efforts there and we just continue to build that pipeline. And we are really proud to have 37 different deals signed up, waiting the regulatory approval across eight different states. So the growth is not just happening in two or three or four states, it's happening across our footprint.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then just a little bit more broadly, as we see, you just continue to increase focus on whether it's at the federal level or state level on the water infrastructure, water quality, whatnot. And you guys always provide a breakdown of the different investments you make on an annual basis, whether it's pipes, sourcing, IT, others. Where do you think the most upside opportunities exist as we go through time? And if there is, just to address on some of these increased focus on these items, is it more of technological advancements that we might not be baking in? Just curious on your broader thoughts
Walter Lynch: It's a real combination. I would say, looking at the categories that water quality and resiliency are going to continue to get a good size of our investment and maybe even increasing over time, just because with all the storms and the weather variability out there, we need to continue to make sure that our systems are resilient and we need to continue to address the emerging contaminants like PFAS and other. So it's going to require significant investment. Hopefully that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hi. Good morning, Walter and Susan. A couple for you, start with Missouri. Walter, the revised infrastructure surcharge program, is that going to allow you to extend the time between rate cases or the fact that it kind of encompasses a wider range of eligible standard to kind of keep you on a three-year cadence?
Walter Lynch: We will continue to evaluate that, Jonathan. We are just really thrilled that we were able to expand the program outside of St. Louis County. And our team has worked hard to provide the input to the commission to see how important that is that we invest across our footprint in Missouri. So we are excited about that. And also increasing the cap so we can make more investment before we have to go into a rate case. So it may contribute in some way to the time in between rate cases.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then shifting closer to you, Pennsylvania. What is the latest on the commissioner appointments to fill the open seat post Commissioner sweeps? I know Governor withdrew his one nominee back in May. Is there any updates along those lines?
Walter Lynch: No. None here. Well, Pennsylvania Commission has always been great to work with and reasonable in their treatment towards us and we expect that going forward.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Are you assuming or maybe what do you anticipate in terms of the timing of the close of the York wastewater deal? Is that assumed by the end of this year in order to get to that $300 million of M&A capital deployed?
Walter Lynch: Yes. We are assuming, at this point, the first half of 2022. We submitted our application on July 1. The Commission is looking at it. Once they deem it complete, then they will start processing. And again, we think first half of 2022.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So without it, I guess I just kind of struggle to get to that $300 million based on what's in the hopper. Is there something I am missing? Or do you just have enough pending deals that close, excluding the York one to get you to that $300 million? Or is that something that might fall a little short this year, but then next year is going to more than offset it with the York deal?
Walter Lynch: Yes. Let me say, we are confident in the $1.9 billion number and that's from obviously, the investment in our systems and the acquisitions that we are making.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then maybe, Susan, going back to Durgesh's question along homeowner services. If the claims, I guess, were year-to-date, if they are more in line with historic levels, how would the market-based businesses year-to-date EPS compare to last year? Would it make up the entire $0.05 lower delta?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, I think that's a fair way to look at it. Again, we have just seen a much higher claims experience than we have in the prior periods. And we really think, again, much of it is related to more at-home activities. The business continues to grow. We continue to execute on our partnership arrangements. We continue to look for new products and roll out new products in that business. So I think the business is just fundamentally doing what we have set out for it to do. This claims experience issue is one that I think, again, is directly related to just activity. And we will hopefully see that mitigate some as we head into the latter part of this year and into next as we hopefully, although it's difficult to sort of imagine that on a day-to-day basis these days, we would return to some sort of a normal environment where people are sort of out of the homes and back in work environments. But that really is the primary driver. I would say the rest of the business is operating as we would expect it to.
Jonathan Reeder: Got you. Yes. Amen to getting back to that normalcy. Okay. So it sounds like, I mean everything other than that's kind of going well, whether it's, I guess, you get to reprice the kind of the claims level for some reason, that doesn't, I guess, the overall trajectory of market-based business to that 7% to 10% is still very much, I guess, kind of where you would expect it to be absent this kind of temporary hiccup?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think that's right. That's the way to look at it.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions today.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Jonathan.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Walter Lynch for any closing remarks.
Walter Lynch: Thank you for joining our call today. We value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope that our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment of our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team. They will be happy to answer them. Thanks again and be safe.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's first quarter 2021 earnings conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 11, 2021. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for the replay is 10155150. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you Nick and good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us for today's call. And at the end of our prepared remarks, as usual, we will open the call up for your questions. Now during this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors, as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our May 3, 2021 Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to O&M efficiency ratio and return on equity can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And for purposes of the anchor year on long-term EPS growth guidance, the anchor is weather adjusted 2020 EPS of $3.84. And with that, I will turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Walter Lynch.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Before we move to quarter results, let me speak for a moment about our recent growth news. As you know, a key part of our strategy is to operate in states where we can best serve customers, drive efficiencies and continue to grow our regulated business. Recall that earlier in the year, we announced the sale of our Michigan operation and as you know in late 2019, we announced the sale of our New York operation. This slide shows what our new regulated service territory will look like after the announced transactions are completed. Moving to slide six. We recently announced what will be the largest municipal acquisition in Pennsylvania American Water's history. On April 6, we signed an agreement to acquire the wastewater treatment and collection system for the City of York, Pennsylvania. This agreement will add an equivalent customer connection total of more than 45,000. As part of the agreement, Pennsylvania American Water will also continue to provide contracted wholesale waste water treatment and disposal for seven surrounding communities of York. We look forward to developing strong relationships that meet the needs of all customers, including those outside the city.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Walter. Let's start on slide 13 with a bit more detail on the results. As Walter highlighted, first quarter 2021 earnings were $0.73 per share compared to $0.68 per share in the first quarter 2020. Results for the regulated business segment were $0.74 per share, an increase of $0.06 per share, primarily driven by continued growth from infrastructure investment, acquisition and organic growth. Results for the market-based business were $0.09 per share, a decrease of $0.03 per share as we saw an increase in claims in the homeowner services group, due largely to weather-related events. Parent company results improved $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2021 as compared to the same period in 2020. Moving on to slide 14. Regulated results increased $0.06 per share. As I said, we saw $0.19 per share increase in revenues from new rates in effect, as well as earnings from acquisitions. O&M expense increased by $0.08 per share and somewhat offsetting was an increase in depreciation of $0.05 per share in support of growth in the business. As previously mentioned, the market-based business results decreased $0.03 per share in the first quarter of 2021 as compared to the first quarter of 2020. The lower results were due to increased claims expense which was driven by extreme cold weather, primarily in Texas and Illinois and the continuation of stay at home activity that we saw throughout most of 2020 due to the pandemic. The parent results improved $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2021 compared to the first quarter of last year. The improved results were largely driven by a number of small items that increased expenses in the first quarter of 2020, offset by higher interest expense to support growth in the regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan. Before we move on to your questions, in April, we were very proud to issue our first annual Inclusion & Diversity Report. This report highlights the efforts we have undertaken and the strides we made advancing our commitment to inclusion and diversity. ESG is a journey and our I&D Report is another way that shows how we are constantly striving thanks for the contributions of every employee to build and inclusive and mutual respect in the workplace. To launch this report internally, we were honored to have Mr. Earvin "Magic" Johnson join us virtually for conversation on inclusion, diversity and on allyship. Additionally, we had an incredible community healing discussion with our employees to provide a chance for even more open and honest dialogue on inclusion. We believe that a company's strength is it's people and the diversity of our workforce makes us even stronger. With that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: . First question comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hi. Good morning, Walter and Susan.
Susan Hardwick: Good morning
Walter Lynch: Good morning Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks for taking my question. Good morning. Just, I have couple here. First, Walter, just to clarify, the New York American sale process, I know a lot of moving pieces. But are we still targeting a this year close? Is that the current plan?
Walter Lynch: Yes. That's right, Durgesh. We are still working through with, as I said in prepared remarks, still working through with staff and others. And we are hoping to be expecting this year.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank you. And then just on the subpoena. Can I just clarify that this is related to specifically homeowner services within American Water Resources business? And the information that you might be sharing, is that just New York specific or are there are other states involved in the subpoena?
Walter Lynch: Yes. It's specific to our New York City Metropolitan operations in HOS. That's exactly right, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And obviously there is no set time line here as to how this matter gets resolved?
Walter Lynch: No, not at this point. Again, we continue to work in cooperating the investigation.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Understood. Just one big picture then. Walter, just your thoughts on the Biden sort of the American job plan. They talk about several hundred billion of investment on lead and then water and wastewater assets. What are the implications to your existing business? And then just your regulated acquisition growth strategy?
Walter Lynch: Yes. Durgesh, let me start with, we are really happy that the administration is focusing on water and wastewater as part of the infrastructure plan. So we like the attention that the industry is getting. And we think that the plan will benefit our customers, primarily by having access to low interest financing that's part of the plan. And so we access it right now on the water side. We want to get access on the wastewater side. That's a growing segment of our business and we want our customers to benefit like others from the low interest loans. So overall, we are very excited about the program and we want to participate like the municipalities do on the wastewater side.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect. And just does it increase your footprint on the regulated acquisition side? Or does it, since there would lot of aid given to systems across the country, does it derail your regulated acquisition growth strategy? How would you sort of characterize that?
Walter Lynch: Well, as we have said and I have said in my remarks, there is significant need out there in the water and wastewater side. For us, it's not going to change our plan. Our pipeline continues to grow. We are going to continue to provide meaningful solutions for communities and we are committed to our plan. We don't see any change to our plan going forward.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Perfect. Thanks guys. Much appreciate the time.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Durgesh.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning team. Thanks for the time and opportunity. Maybe to kick things off after Durgesh's question here. Can I follow-up and ask you guys about your latest thinking on the administration just around the PFAS regulation? Hazardous determinations there and just obviously there is a lot of different pieces that could move here. Any, at least preliminary thoughts on where things could go and more specifically how that could impact your business?
Walter Lynch: Yes. Julien, thanks for the question. We think there is going to be a lot more focus on PFAS in this administration. I know they formed a task force, I believe it was last week, to look at what are the next steps to establish an MCL. Right now, there is a health advisory limit of 70 parts per trillion and we think that there is going to be a lot more focus on it. So we will have to wait-and-see. But the EPA is really science-driven. They may want to make sure it's based on science. And I think there is going to be a coming together of the science and the need to establish an MCL. And we look forward to participating and working with the administration to establish that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And hazardous determination, that's just part of the broader context here, right?
Walter Lynch: That's right. That's all part of this work that's going to be going on.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then I suppose a little bit more nuanced here. As you think about the impact here in the quarter on the market-based business here, you are probably still broadly within plan on the year and have some offsets. Just can you speak to that? Obviously, the payouts and the warranties, et cetera, obviously still elevated here? Just if you can speak to that a little bit on the offset, et cetera and how you are tracking?
Walter Lynch: Yes. With the HOS business, we are seeing higher claims on the wastewater side. People are spending more time in their homes and that's causing families additional breaks that we are having to repair. And then on the partnership side, we have seen a little bit of a slowdown in those partnerships. Yet, we still have a really good pipeline of opportunities. So those are the two areas, I think, that a been somewhat impacted by the pandemic in our business going forward.
Susan Hardwick: Julien. I might just add on that point. In addition to what Walter said, we did see a little bit higher claims in the quarter from these weather-related events. We did see some water claims, particularly in Texas, Illinois and a few of the parts of the country, really driven by the extreme weather that occurred. And we would expect, of course, that to now sort of be over. Some of the wastewater claims that Walter's talking about, as long as we continue this bit more stay at home, we may see elevated claims there. But I think the exposure to the weather-related, we have isolated in this quarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So how do you think about that relative to full year? Obviously, if the wastewater continues a little bit elevated, just offsets, et cetera? Probably not too material, right?
Susan Hardwick: It's really not too material now. And we saw roughly a penny or so of that impact related to the stay at home activity in this quarter. And as you can see across the country, states are starting to loosen up. So there will be some return. So I certainly think we will see this start to mitigate. And in any event, we don't see it as material for the year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, guys. Thank you all very much. Have a nice day.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Julien.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question from Insoo Kim of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Just a couple for me. The first one, with the recently announced Pennsylvania, New Jersey transactions, how do you think about potential cadence and magnitude of the equity guidance that you gave at the Analyst Day? Just thinking through 2021, 2022, if it's going to be split up? Or are we still assuming kind of, say, April's number is one year?
Walter Lynch: Well, first, let me talk about the growth. And we are really excited for these two acquisitions in our two biggest states. It's all part of what we are doing in providing solutions for communities with the City of York on the wastewater side and then Egg Harbor City. In the first WIPA, that's really important, the first WIPA acquisition and we are hopeful many other communities are going to see the benefits of that and continue to sell their systems to New Jersey American Water and Pennsylvania American Water. But it's really about providing meaningful solutions. And again, as we have talked about having consolidated tariffs and the ability to spread those costs across a big customer base, over 700,000 customer connections, really helps those communities to mitigate and minimize customer bill impact. So that's a competitive advantage of ours. It's part of our strategy to make sure that these communities understand the value that we can bring to them through investment and I want the spotlight the follow on investment and how significant that is to our growth and to providing solutions for communities. So we are really excited about these two acquisitions and how they are going to play into future growth in Pennsylvania and New Jersey.
Susan Hardwick: Insoo, maybe let me just comment on the equity needs, because that was a follow-on part of your question, I think. When we built our plan and laid out our financing plan over the five years, we anticipated an increase in our growth from acquisition and we reflected that at Analyst Day. Now whether or not we have identified these specific transactions, that's a different question. But we had anticipated a step-up in growth and built our plan accordingly. So long answer to your question, I don't see any change from these specific acquisitions that we have now highlighted, any change to our equity financing timing or any of other our financing plans over the course of the five years.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Just from a timing perspective, is there a possibility that we could see some of that equity in the 2021 timeframe? Or is it more beyond 2021?
Susan Hardwick: No. It's beyond 2021. At Analyst Day, I think we indicated that there is about $700 million of equity in the five years and it's still roughly in sort in the middle of that five year timeframe. So no, I would not anticipate anything in 2021.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And then my second question, I guess maybe for Walter is, obviously these two acquisitions in states that have favorable systems in place for such growth. With the pending New York sale and then the recently announced Michigan divestiture as well, when you just look across your footprint in the different states, you don't have to name any, but are these opportunity to potentially monetize some of the other states to concentrate more on the jurisdictions that offer better systems for organic and inorganic growth?
Walter Lynch: Yes. We do a constant assessment of where we are operating, where can we provide the best value for customers and where can we grow our systems. And we will continue to evaluate our footprint. But we are really happy where we are right now and we continue to grow. If you look at our pipeline, we are growing. We have eight states where we have 32 agreements. So it's not just in one or two or three states. It's really across our footprint. And we will continue to provide solutions again for communities across our footprint.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you both.
Walter Lynch: Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Insoo. .
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hi. Good morning.
Susan Hardwick: Hi Steve.
Walter Lynch: Good morning.
Steve Fleishman: Hi Walter. So just a question on the disclosure of this subpoena in homeowner services. I guess it doesn't say, I think, in your release just if the company has done its own investigation and if they determined anything was done wrong? Do you have any color or information on that?
Walter Lynch: Yes, Steve. And given that it is an ongoing investigation, we really can't comment any more on it other than what we have in the disclosure.
Steve Fleishman: Okay.
Walter Lynch: All right.
Steve Fleishman: And then, Walter, on your year-end call, you had kind of hinted at a larger acquisition or more growth coming in your tuck-in acquisitions and the like? Should I assume that was the York deal the ended up officially getting announced? Or is that still relevant for something else?
Walter Lynch: Let me approach from this, we continue to build our pipeline. We continue to, again, provide solutions for communities. And if you look over the last year, we have almost doubled our pipeline. We have the biggest acquisition in Pennsylvania American Water's history. So we are going to keep doing much of the same, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then just on the New York American sale. If I understood you correctly, it sounds like neither your forecast nor your equity timing should be impacted at all by whatever happens with the outcome of the sale?
Walter Lynch: Yes. That's correct, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: Great. That was very clear. Thank you.
Walter Lynch: Okay. Steve, thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Thank you.
Operator: . Next question comes from Richard Sunderland, JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Richard Sunderland: Hi. Good morning. Just maybe following up on that last point real quickly. The sale timing, would it impact where you land within the range of you 2021 guidance? Or phrased differently, you have some timing assumption associated with close presumably baked in/ Can you disclose what that assumption is and what a quarter or two difference may do to where you land link in the range?
Susan Hardwick: Hi Rich. It's Susan. I am probably going to add much more detail to that. I would just echo what Walter said in his prepared remarks and in his answer a minute ago. We just don't see it having any impact on 2021.
Richard Sunderland: Fair enough. Thank you. And then just separately curious at a high level in terms of your O&M efficiency ratio. What impacts you have seen on your efforts there over the past year under the pandemic and what that may mean for progress and efficiencies going forward as we reopen?
Walter Lynch: Yes. It's been a big focus for us, as you know, Rich. And we are going to continue to focus on every area of our business where we can drive efficiencies. We have improved it from 34.5% to 34.1%, as I said in my remarks. And we are confident that we can hit our goal in 2025 of 30.4%. So we are going to continue to do the things that we have been doing, focusing on technology, leveraging our supply chain and really leveraging our culture of looking for every dollar that we can save and continue to provide the service that our customers expect. So that's the journey we are on. We are going to continue to execute on that. And we are confident in our goal in 2025.
Richard Sunderland: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Walter Lynch: Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Verity Mitchell of HSBC. Please go ahead.
Verity Mitchell: Hi. Good morning everyone. And I have just got another couple of high level questions about geography, which is something I am always interested in. When I look at your coverage across so many states, does the Biden proposal change the view of your opportunities across states? I mean, you have already said that it's not going to change your growth trajectory. But any nuance there? And also in terms of what we see in terms of major regulatory mechanisms in states now that you would like to see? Thank you.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Hello Verity. Walter here. Yes. The administration's proposed plan does not change our outlook at all on acquisitions. Again, we continue to build our pipeline of opportunities. We are providing meaningful solutions and really when you look at the size of our business, how long we have been in business since 1886 and the expertise that we have and the ability to share costs across our customer base, we bring tremendous value to communities and they realize that. And that's why they are talking to us about potentially selling their water and wastewater systems.
Verity Mitchell: Yes. So I just want to know whether the states in which you are active, the Biden proposals create new opportunities in particular states?
Walter Lynch: I am not sure it will create new opportunities. The great thing is, it really talks about water and wastewater where before we were always left out. And I think is a realization in this country that there is so much fragmentation, so many improvements that need to be made that the private sector and American Water can play a really integral role in moving that forward. And that's what we are excited about.
Verity Mitchell: And so what's missing in this? What would you like to see that's missing in terms of fair value or surcharges? What missing there?
Walter Lynch: Yes. We continue to work with states on fair market value legislation. As I said, Kentucky is now the 11th state within our footprint to have fair market value legislation. It's really an affirmation of the value that we provide and I think the recognition of the legislatures and the governors that they want us to play a role in consolidating the market and adding our expertise to many of these small system that don't quite have the expertise. So we do have in the appendix an overview of fair market value by state and the specific parts of the fair market value. So refer to that and you can see, again, 11 out of our 16 states have fair market value legislation and we are going to continue to work with states that don't have it and continue to work to tell our story about the values we can provide.
Verity Mitchell: Great. Thanks.
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thank you Verity.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Now I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Walter Lynch for closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Walter Lynch: Thank you for joining our call today. We appreciate and value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment of our stock. As a reminder, our Virtual Annual Shareholders Meeting will be held next week on May 12 at 10:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time. We hope that you will join us. In the meantime, if you have any additional questions, please call the IR team and we will be happy to answer them. Thanks again and be safe.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 09:00:00) =====
Ed Vallejo: Good morning, everyone. I’m Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations at American Water. And on behalf of our entire company, I'd like to welcome you to our Virtual 2021 Investor Day. Let me first go over some Safe Harbor language. Today, we will be making some forward-looking statements and those statements, those projections are made with the best estimates we have on hand. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. The reconciliation for non-GAAP financial information used in the O&M efficiency ratio can be found in our Investor Day press release and in the appendix of the accompanying slide deck, which has been posted to the Investor Relations page of our website. All statements during this presentation related to earnings and earnings per share, refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. In addition, for the purposes of the presentation, our long-term EPS CAGR range is anchored off of the 2020 earnings per share results. Let me now spend a few minutes on safety, a very important topic for us. So much so that for every meeting we have, we start with a safety message. And you'll see this message woven throughout our presentation today. It's embedded in our culture. There is nothing more important than the safety of our employees and our customers. At the heart of our safety objective is our pursuit of zero injuries at work. You've heard us say that we want to send our employees home at the end of every day in the same or even better condition than when they came to work. A safe and inclusive work environment is key to achieving this path to zero. The safety and health of our team is the reason we decided to hold a Virtual Investor Day this year. The format allows our speakers and those working behind the scenes to remain in remote locations and maintain social distancing. We've practiced these and other COVID-19 safety measures throughout the year for our field teams, as well as those colleagues that work in offices. We're also taking into account all CDC and local and state guidance as we work on plans to return to a more normal state of operations when possible, with safety as our continued primary driver. And with that, I would now like to introduce American Water’s President and CEO, Walter Lynch.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Ed and good morning, everyone. I'm Walter Lynch, President and CEO of American Water. I want to welcome and thank you for taking the time to join us today. We know you have a choice in where to invest your money. We thank you for your confidence in American Water. We're confident that throughout our presentation today, you'll continue to see that we're positioned for success for decades to come. And we continue to have a compelling long-term value profile for you, our owners. We look forward to sharing our story. Before we discuss our agenda today and move to the presentation. I want to echo Ed's message on safety. Nothing matters more to everyone at American Water than the safety of our team and the public. As a company that provides essential services to communities across the country and an employer of more than 7,000 people with families and loved ones, no injury is ever acceptable to us. Safety is embedded in everything we do and is that the foundation, the plane will lay out for you today. Turning to our next slide. As outlined in our press release issued yesterday, American Water continues to execute on our strategies and we're well positioned for long-term success. Today, I'll start by discussing our strategic focus and our commitment to building and maintaining reliable and resilient water and wastewater infrastructure, cultivating an inclusive high performing culture, delivering water and wastewater solutions, where we create value for customers and communities and continuing our commitment to being a values-led company. Bill Varley, our Chief Growth Officer will discuss our regulated growth strategy. Cheryl Norton, our Chief Environmental Officer and President of New Jersey American Water will talk about our commitment to ESG principles and our new, and we think critical environmental targets. And Susan Hardwick, our Chief Financial Officer will cover in more detail, our 2021 guidance and long-term business plan along with our strong 2020 results. We'll then look forward to answering your questions. Everything we'll discuss today starts with a clear, transparent strategy. We've been providing essential water and wastewater services dating back to 1886. Our success is rooted in our values of safety, trust, environmental leadership, teamwork, and high-performance, and the strategies we built around our safety, people, operational excellence, growth and customers. As we look to the future and our long-term success. Today, I want to spend some time and how we'll continue to create value for all our stakeholders. This starts with operating where we can leverage our strengths, including areas where we have customer concentrations. Fragmentation has long been a challenge for water and wastewater providers across the United States. But for American Water, we're able to focus our resources and efforts where we have scale, where we can drive efficiencies, invest in reliable and resilient infrastructure while enhancing our customer's experience and keeping their bills affordable. The COVID-19 pandemic has highlighted the importance of clean, safe, reliable water, and wastewater services like never before, by strategically focusing our resources, we strengthen our operations and continue to provide excellent local customer service. This strategic effort also provides greater opportunities to deliver meaningful water and wastewater solutions to communities building on our proven success. Last year, we invested more capital than any previous year. We continued our disciplined focus in O&M efficiencies. We added approximately 38,000 customer connections through acquisitions in 10 states. And we were recently named one of the Top 10 World's Most Sustainable Corporations by Corporate Knights. Now we'll build upon that success by continuing to hone our strengths. There's no other water and wastewater service provider with our scaling capabilities. We're uniquely positioned to help our country address long existing water and wastewater challenges and strengthen the communities that we're privileged to serve. And that starts with the dedicated and talented people of American Water. This goes beyond investing in training. It's an intentional long-term commitment to building and hiring talent, inspiring and rewarding high-performance, creating fulsome development paths and building a strong, diverse team. A perfect example of our bench strength is last week's news that Cheryl Norton has been named American Water's Chief Operating Officer, effective March 1. We’re so pleased to have Cheryl take on this key leadership role for our company. Cheryl has deep utility experience, a strong commitment to safety, a passion for excellent customer care and a collaborative approach to building high performing teams. Importantly, she fully embraces our values and the culture we continue to build at American Water. We're cultivating deeply committed and passionate teams that care about our customers, our communities, and each other. Let me take a moment to talk about our business and the continued execution of our strategies. American Water is the largest and most geographically diverse water and wastewater utility in the United States. We have more than 7,000 employees who provide drinking water, wastewater, and other related services to an estimated 15 million people in 46 states. We provide services to customers through our two business segments, our regulated business, and our market-based businesses. Our regulated business is our core business, providing more than 89% of our projected EPS by 2025. We own and operate a significant amount of assets, including more than 53,000 miles of pipes, 609 water treatment plants, 150 wastewater treatment plants, 1,100 wells and 75 dams. We treat and deliver more than 1 billion gallons of water every day for our customers. Our market based businesses include homeowner services and our military services group, which I'll speak to in a moment. Before we move on to the next slide let me comment on recent transactions that illustrate the execution of our strategy. As you know, we're in the process of selling our operations in New York, and we recently signed an agreement to sell our Michigan operation. We're working on additional opportunities that will further strengthen our presence in states where we're eager to grow. We expect to have more to share on that in the very near future. These agreements and other opportunities that we're exploring are a key part of our strategy to operate in states where we can best serve customers, drive efficiencies and continue to grow through regulated investment and acquisitions. I would also note that Pennsylvania-American Water was the successful bidder to acquire the wastewater treatment and collection system for the city of York, Pennsylvania. We're currently working through the approval process. This potential agreement would add an equivalent customer connection total of about 45,000 and would be another example of growing where we can add value. Let's turn to our long-term growth story on Slide 9, covering our five-year plan. You'll recognize our projected growth triangle, now reflecting a larger growth expectation from regulated acquisitions. This plan also reflects our increasing capital plan. There continues to be a significant need to invest in water and wastewater infrastructure, not just within our system, but broadly across the United States. On the water side, there are 1 million miles of pipes in the United States, and there's a major main break every two minutes. The country loses about 2 trillion gallons of treated water every year through more than 240,000 main breaks. That's roughly 20% of all treated water in the United States. On the wastewater side, through about 800,000 miles of collection pipes in the United States, many of those pipes are in dire need of replacement and pose a risk to groundwater. Every year, nearly a trillion gallons of untreated sewage are discharged into our rivers and streams. We understand the urgent need for a well-planned and executed asset renewal and upgrade plan to drive monetization, improve efficiency and increase reliability and resiliency. Our 2021 to 2025 capital plan includes an increase of $1.3 billion, reflecting the continued needs in our existing systems, as well as the increase in potential regulated acquisitions. Bill Varley will give more detail on our pipeline of acquisition opportunities in a moment. We expect our market-based businesses to contribute about 1% of our growth over the next five years, compared to our prior plan. This slightly lower growth rate is not a reflection of slower growth at our market-based businesses, but rather the increasing growth potential we see from regulated acquisitions. As a reminder, our capital-light market-based businesses generate cash as well as enhance our customer experience. And again, we're incredibly proud to provide water and wastewater services to the men and women of our military at 17 installations. These components of our triangle give us confidence that we can continue to grow our long-term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10% over the next five years. Let me now talk about our capital plan in greater detail. We're committed to providing safe and reliable water and wastewater services to the hundreds of communities we serve. We achieve this level of service by incorporating established best practices in our operations and implementing an investment strategy that balances infrastructure needs with affordability for our customers. American Water has a demonstrated ability to service and maintain distribution and treatment infrastructure, including improving water quality, fixing leaks, and providing water for fire hydrants to name just a few. These efforts help communities remain strong and attractive to residents and businesses. We plan to spend $1.9 billion in 2021 and about $10.4 billion over the next five years. Again, that's a $1.3 billion increase over the plan we share with you last year. The largest component of this investment is infrastructure renewal, which is primarily for pipe replacement and upgrading water and wastewater treatment facilities. Over the next five years, we plan to replace about 2,200 miles of pipes and makes significant upgrades to our water and wastewater facilities across our footprint. We're also making needed investments to enhance water quality, as well as taking steps to improve our water sources. Every water provider must be prepared to address a broader range of contaminants and be ready to meet more stringent regulations. Finally, we'll invest in new technologies to enhance our customer experience and enable our employees to drive efficiencies. On the longer horizon, you can see that we plan to spend approximately $22 billion to $25 billion in our regulated business over the next 10 years. American Water's investment thesis is unique because the predictable and stable way we deploy our capital. Our capital deployment is made up of many small investments across our footprint, which gives us the flexibility to scale our infrastructure investment plan up and down as capital needed for regulated acquisitions may vary because of deal timing. You can see that we set aside $3 billion to $4 billion for regulated acquisitions. Let me also point out that our capital investment generates significant economic benefits to the local and regional economies. According to the U.S. Water Alliance for every million dollars, we invest in our infrastructure. We create 15 high paying jobs for our communities. So our plan investment of about $10.4 billion over the next five years has the potential to create over 156,000 jobs in the communities we serve. Let's move to Slide 11 and discuss how we balance the investment opportunities with customer affordability. This is a holistic approach focused on operating and capital efficiencies, constructive regulatory and legislative policies and leveraging the size and scale of our business. It comes down to driving efficiencies in areas where we've been successful, effectively leveraging technology, taking advantage of our size and scale for supply chain, not only around price, but access to critical supplies and driving our cost management through a culture of continuous improvement. When we achieve smart O&M reductions, we can invest in our water and wastewater systems while mitigating the impact on our customer's bills. We continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio, which I'll discuss in a moment. We reinforce our operational efficiency efforts by also focusing on capital efficiency. We understand that driving capital efficiency allows us to do more with the same amount of money. We employ a value engineering step in all our large projects to optimize costs and performance of a project. We also continue to receive timely recovery of our investments through regulatory mechanisms across our footprint. These mechanisms reduce regulatory lag and extend the time between general rate case filings, which enables us to mitigate the size of any rate increase. I would note that 64% of capital recovery comes from regulatory mechanisms. We continue to engage with policymakers in similar efforts to support critical investments in solutions to water and wastewater challenges. Finally, our large customer base plays an important part, minimizing customer bill impact for this needed investment. We're able to spread the cost of these investments over a large customer base. And again, leverage our efficiencies to minimize customer bill impact. As you know, small water systems across the country aren’t able to do this as they grapple with aging infrastructure and contaminants that threaten the quality of their drinking water. Let's move to Slide 12 for other ways, where strategically managing costs. We take a strategic approach to managing our costs, centered on deploying, enabling technology, leveraging our supply chain and embracing our culture of continuous improvement. Our technology is three areas of focus, enabling our employees, enhancing our customer experience and driving best-in-class operations. Technology enables us to drive efficiencies in our business and to provide an excellent customer experience, whether it's through automating manual tasks so employees can focus on higher value work, making data available to customers so they can better manage their usage or leveraging automatic meter reading solutions with an intelligent alert system to detect and fix leaks earlier. We continue to drive efficiencies through our supply chain. Just last year, we saved over $80 million by leveraging our buying power across our business. For example, we saved more than $50 million on pipes and vehicles, and we replicated this effort in other areas such as chemicals, valves, construction materials, and safety supplies. Our team has established strong relationships with key suppliers to ensure we have priority when items are essential to operating our business or in short supply. This was especially important during the initial phases of the COVID-19 pandemic. None of this would be possible without our people. Our employees are passionate about our customers and know how savings directly benefit them by keeping their bills affordable. We enable our employees to find better, more efficient ways to work. This is our culture, and it's been so instrumental to our success in driving efficiencies. Our employees understand that for every operating dollar we take out of the business, we can invest $8 in capital with no customer bill impact. Moving to Slide 13. You can see that we continue to make steady progress and driving efficiencies in our business. Over the past 10 years, our O&M efficiency ratio has gone from 46.1% to below 35%. And we've challenged ourselves with a new O&M efficiency target of 30.4% by 2025. We're confident in our ability to hit that target. Just to put that into perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they were in 2010. Since that time, we welcomed approximately 322,000 customer connections while expenses only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 1%. That could only be done with the great work of our employees and our commitment to controlling costs and keeping bills affordable for our customers. Our market-based businesses are complimentary to our regulated business, they’re capital-light businesses, and they provide positive cash flow to help us with our growth in the overall business. Homeowner services now serves approximately 1.5 million customers, reaching that customer milestone is a testament to our ongoing dedication and commitment to serving our customers, delivering quality protection programs and fostering innovation in the home warranty sector. Our military services group is the largest provider of water and wastewater services for the military, now probably serving 17 installations across the country. We were also extremely honored in 2020 to be awarded Department of Defense contracts for the water and wastewater systems at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington State. It's truly an honor to serve the men and women who serve our country. Let's turn to the next slide and I'll conclude my remarks before turning it over to Bill. We have a clear strategy focused on what we do best. Our future success is based on our proven success. Our long-term perspective has informed our business strategy and it starts by operating where we can create value, leverage our critical mass, drive efficiencies and increase opportunities to provide water and wastewater solutions. Our regulated investment remains the foundation of our growth and we'll balance that investment through strategic cost management. We'll continue to focus on our customers and enhance their experience through technology, efficiencies and innovation. Our market-based businesses will continue to compliment our regulated business through operating results, free cash flow, and an enhanced customer experience. And finally, it's not just what we do, but how we do it. That's at the core of our ESG philosophy. It's who we are today and how we plan to challenge ourselves in the future. Let me now turn the call over to Bill to talk about our strategic growth.
Bill Varley: Thanks, Walter. Hi. I'm Bill Varley, Chief Growth Officer for American Water. Prior to my current role, I've held many leadership positions at our company, including President of New Jersey American Water, Senior Vice President for the Northeast and Midwest divisions and Deputy COO. Before I review our growth strategy, let's take a look at the landscape of the utility industry in general. Our industry is highly fragmented, there are more than 50,000 community water systems and approximately 15,000 community wastewater systems in the United States compare that to the U.S. electric utilities, which are comprised of approximately 3,800 systems and gas utilities, which are even more consolidated with approximately 1,400 system. The water industry's fragmentation provides ample opportunities for systems consolidate and bring efficiencies across the entire sector. To put that in perspective on the water side, 84% of the population is served by municipal water systems. And more than 90% of those systems serve a population of 10,000 people or less. This is significant for two reasons. First, these numbers illustrate the large volume opportunities available. Second, many of these smaller communities are facing infrastructure challenges that require capital investment, due to competing priorities funds may or may not be readily available. And the large amount of capital invested required must be distributed across a small customer. This can significantly impact rates and affordability. Because of our scale, we're able to spread capital investment costs over a much larger customer base, help we can maintain affordability for our customers. Opportunities on the wastewater side are also significant because many of these systems are already part or near our water footprint. This gives us the opportunity to leverage our existing infrastructure and drive operational and cost efficiencies. Let's move to the next slide. Beyond our scale, other competitive advantages include a large customer base. Let me take you through an example where both scale and a large customer base played an important role prior to New Jersey American Water acquiring the water and wastewater systems of Haddonfield, New Jersey, the town faced the daunting need to invest over $20 million in capital improvements over a short timeframe. This investment was required to maintain compliance for their wastewater system and to make necessary improvements to their aging water infrastructure. These costs would have significantly increased rates for their 10,000 customer connections. When New Jersey American Water purchase Haddonfield system, we're able to spread the capital costs across a customer base of over 650,000 connections throughout New Jersey. Our ability to leverage scale of our footprint enables us to accelerate the capital program. At the same time, rate impacts were far less than if the town had decided to do the work themselves. Deep utility experience and expertise was also relevant in Haddonfield, as it is in other acquisitions. We have a culture of continuous improvement and our employees are passionate about finding solutions and serving our customers Technology and purchasing capabilities along with our culture of continuous improvement, also bring added benefits. As Walter mentioned, for every dollar of O&M costs, we can remove from the business. We can invest $8 of capital without increasing customer bills. Another advantage is our ability to acquire wastewater systems within or near our water footprint. Our water operations make up approximately 93% of our business while wastewater is only 7%. This presents a tremendous opportunity because we have the operational infrastructure, equipment, expertise, personnel, and relationships with communities where we already provide water services. It's a natural transition to acquire wastewater services. And it is an important piece of our growth strategy. We've executed multiple successful wastewater acquisitions adjacent to and within states with existing water operations, for example, in Scranton and Exeter, Pennsylvania, we added 31,000 and 9,000 wastewater customer connections, respectively. And in Illinois, we had 23,000 wastewater customer connections. Let's now move to the next slide and see how regulatory and legislative policy also helps drive water and wastewater solutions. We continue to engage with state legislators and regulators on policies, which we believe benefit existing and future customers. Let's talk about three examples, fair market value legislation, consolidated tariffs and legislation around water quality, accountability. Fair market value legislation enables communities to receive a fair value for their systems, in turn the water or wastewater purchaser earns on the appraised value of the system, rather than the book value as was historically the case. The appraised value is then included in rate base as long as the commission is deemed reasonable. The latest states within our footprint to enact fair market value legislation include West Virginia and Iowa. 10 out of the 15 states we serve now have some form of fair market legislation. Next is consolidated tariffs, we have that legislation now in 12 states. This legislation allows us to purchase systems, integrate them into our operations and share those costs across a bigger customer base, minimizing customer bill impact. The last example is the water quality accountability legislation, which directly benefits customers and communities, as it holds all water providers to the same standards. The first state to enact this was New Jersey with the Water Quality Accountability Act. This act requires cybersecurity programs, capital asset management programs, and responding to notices of violations in the same way across all systems. Additionally, it requires all systems to establish a maximum 150 year pipe replacement program to help ensure infrastructure reliability. At American Water, our pipe replacement rate is slightly over 100 years. Because of our asset management program we remain well positioned in New Jersey and across our footprint to meet these requirements. We have seen other states adopt similar legislations, such as Indiana and Missouri. Let's now shift our attention to updating you on our acquisition activities. Since 2015, we've completed 106 acquisitions and have added over 211,000 customer connections. Of the 106 acquisitions, 62 were water acquisitions, totaling 52,000 connections. 44 were wastewater adding 159,000 customers. In 2020, we completed 23 acquisitions in 10 states, totaling approximately 38,000 customer connections. Regarding our focus to increase our wastewater acquisitions of the 38,000 customer connections added over 24,000 were wastewater. This total does not include over 14,500 customer connections attributed to organic growth. We're off to a good start in 2021 with a total of 27 acquisitions under agreement in six states, representing approximately 30,000 customer connections. As you can see, we've increased our five-year opportunity pipeline by 50% over the past year, from 800,000 customer connections to over 1.2 million. When developing our pipeline, we first look to our optimal target range of 5,000 to 50,000 customer connections. Then we conduct the evaluation. This evaluation is not just focused on financial needs, but also looking to provide solutions for potential water quality, operational and wastewater compliance needs, challenges that are increasingly burdensome to communities. Other criteria that we use to evaluate opportunities include enhancing the quality of life for residents and local businesses, whether it be economic development for growth, social programs, or overall community services to name a few. Once systems have been identified, we proactively engage with the communities to see where and how we can provide solutions. You can see on the right here are some of the targets we're working on over the next five years. This list clearly shows that our growth is not contingent on any one deal, but multiple deals across our footprint. And as you can also see the size of these potential deals is also increasing. Let's take a moment to discuss the process and the timeline of acquisition from opportunity assessment, development of agreements to the final close and inclusion in rate base. This process can take a minimum of 18 months to several years to complete, usually starts with a robust bid and procurement process, community approval, regulatory approval and then the final inclusion in rate base as part of a general rate case. Our increased pipeline, our proactive approach to engage in communities and our competitive advantages position as well to achieve our EPS growth target related to acquisitions. Regarding New York, Pennsylvania, in January of this year, Pennsylvania American Water was a successful bidder to quiet the wastewater treatment collection system for the city of New York. We are currently working through the process, but this potential agreement were in an equivalent of 45,000 customer connections, it also shows how American Water plays a role in providing solutions for communities and enhancing the lives of the customers we serve. Let's move to the last slide. In summary, as we've added more capital to our plan, our regulated acquisition target has been raised from 1% to 2% to 1.5% to 2.5%. We tend to achieve this by executing on fundamentals, which are a continued focus on water system acquisitions in our target range of 5,000 to 50,000 customers and consideration for larger acquisitions where appropriate, a focus on wastewater acquisitions in or near a water footprint, continuing engagement on legislative and regulatory policy to benefit customers and an increased development of our opportunity pipeline through a proactive approach. By executing on our fundamentals, we firmly believe are well positioned to meet our increased growth targets. Now I'll turn it over to Cheryl to talk about ESG.
Cheryl Norton: Thank you, Bill; and good morning, everyone. I'm Cheryl Norton, Chief Environmental Officer of American Water and President of New Jersey American Water. As Walter said earlier, I'm a great example of the value that American Water places on the development of its employees. My career began at American Water 34 years ago, when I was hired as a temporary employee at our central lab in Belleville, Illinois. And on March 1, I will become the Chief Operating Officer. The path that I've taken to get here today has given me a broad base of experience across multiple states and multiple areas of the business. My start with American Water as a microbiology research technician gave me a unique perspective on water quality, which I continued to build on throughout the years. It's been fun to reconnect with those roots in the Chief Environmental Officer role. I've worked in Illinois, Kentucky, Missouri and New Jersey, and I even spent a few months in West Virginia. My leadership roles in these States allowed me to become familiar with operational challenges across the business. I've also experienced a wide range of regulatory and legislative environments and can directly relate to the efforts that Walter and Bill mentioned, and the importance to the business and our customers. My success is a direct result of the amazing people that I've worked with over the years, who've been willing to teach me the business and allow me to bring my whole self to work. I'm honored and grateful to have the opportunity to give back by mentoring and helping others find their path here at American Water. In the future, I'll be here to talk to you about the industry leading operations across American Water, but today, I'm excited to talk to you about our ESG efforts. At American Water, ESG is core to our business and integral to our success. It's who we are, what we do and how we do it. Living by ESG principles is our commitment to operate in the most responsible manner possible. ESG is a constantly evolving journey for us. The information that we gather for various reports is used internally to guide our strategy, as well as externally for investors. We categorize our reporting topics into five key areas, which includes stakeholder engagement, workforce, customers, infrastructure and environmental stewardship. We confirm those topics with various internal and external stakeholders. We know that each stakeholder group brings a valuable perspective that helps inform our priorities. ESG is not simply environmental, social or governance, it's the sum of all three areas coming together and overlapping with our corporate values and strategy. The culture at American Water is what makes us who we are and our employees throughout our business understand that how we do things matters just as much as what we do. Let's talk about some of the data that represents the social pillar and the progress that we've been making. Our focus on inclusion and diversity continues at American Water with improvements in areas such as talent attraction, retention and development. During 2020, 84% of job requisitions had a diverse candidate pool with approximately 59% of transfers and/or promotions filled by minority, female, veteran or disabled individuals. In 2020, we named a Chief Inclusion Officer and a Director of Inclusion and Diversity. These roles will work with leaders all across our business to help ensure our progress continues. We are also very proud of our nationally recognized supplier diversity program. In 2021, our goal is to achieve a diverse supplier and small business spend of 27.6%, an increase of approximately 10% over 2020 results. We recognized the importance of these efforts to our company and the communities we serve. Regarding safety, if we don't get safety, right, nothing else matters. We have a long-term target of zero injuries and our employees work tirelessly to keep each other safe. Our 2020 safety performance was the best in the company's recorded history, despite this great improvement that performance represents 63 injuries and that's 63, too many. Our focus on safety has driven a 67% reduction in workplace injuries over the past five years, which is 81% better than the industry average. But being an industry leader isn't good enough, and so we get to zero injuries, we still have work to do, and our focus will continue. We understand the importance of developing our teams and we've increased our target for annual training for all employees from 20 hours to 25 hours for 2021. During 2020, our employees completed more than 100,000 hours of safety training, in addition to other important training. This is a significant statistic considering that due to COVID-19 almost all of that training was done virtually. Turning to our environmental goals. After completing a thorough goal benchmarking process, we identified three opportunities to build on our previous work. We're excited to share with you a measurement clarification to our existing energy and emissions goal, and two new goals regarding water efficiency and water resiliency. We're clarifying our existing energy and emissions goal to include specifics around measurement. The goal has been adjusted to reduce absolute scope 1 and scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions by more than 40% by 2025 from our 2007 baseline. As a reminder, the vast majority of energy consumed by water utilities is used to pump water. In fact, roughly 4% of all the electricity in the U.S. is used for the treatment and transport of water, around 90% of our total electricity consumption and over 80% of our greenhouse gas emissions are related to the pumping of water. Our path to reduce energy consumption and emissions is driven by using water more efficiently. Through year end 2019, we had reduced greenhouse gas emissions by over 32%, which puts us at 80% of our 2025 goal. By continuing to improve energy and water efficiency, increasing procurement of renewable energy and modifying our fleet, we're on track to meet this target by 2025. Our two new long-term goals are focused on water efficiency and resiliency. By 2035, we will reduce the amount of water delivered per customer by 15% compared to a 2015 baseline. And by 2030, we will improve our water system resiliency by increasing our utility resilience index or URI weighted average by 10% from a 2020 baseline. These goals are the right thing to do for the communities we serve and they will enhance our leadership position in ESG. Let me talk about our two new goals in more detail. As a water company, we have a responsibility to our customers and the environment to be as efficient as possible. That's why we're committed to meeting our customer's water needs, while simultaneously saving 15% in water delivered per customer compared to a 2015 baseline. Over the past five years, we've already accomplished a 4.3% reduction in water delivered per customer, and in the future, we'll expand best practices from our existing conservation programs, utilize innovative technologies like AMI and leak detection and leverage the transparency that we gained through these programs to identify and eliminate sources of water loss faster. By investing capital to improve system performance, we can reduce water loss and non-revenue water, while minimizing customer rate impacts. In addition, we'll continue to benefit from the ongoing national trends of declining residential water use related to fixtures and appliances. Our third environmental goal is to increase our water system resiliency to prepare for and respond to more extreme events. We'll do that by improving the weighted average of our utility resilience index or URI from our 2020 baseline. Our target is a 10% improvement by 2030. Recent history shows that the frequency and severity of weather events, as well as the stress on water supplies related to scarcity, flooding and contamination events, makes the resiliency of our systems more important than ever. We spend approximately 8% of our total capital investment on resiliency projects each year to address these risks and maintain continuous service to our customers. Another key factor in resiliency is the preparedness of our employees. We continue to strengthen our workforce through incident management training and emergency preparedness. We often go beyond our workforce and include contractors and community partners in our emergency response planning and drills. This approach not only makes our response plans stronger, it builds trust and valuable relationships with the communities we serve. Let's take a minute to look at what the URI is in a bit more detail. It's a part of the American Water Works associations, risk and resilience management of water and wastewater standard, also known as the J-100 standard. It's made up of three categories, our people, our assets and the communities we serve. It calculates a utility's ability to respond to and recover from extreme events, including severe weather, environmental incidents, cyber attacks, supply chain disruptions and more. A higher average index percentage indicates that we're able to return to normal operations more quickly, there will always be some element of risk, so this assessment doesn't offer the potential for a perfect score. Best-in-class scores range from 60% to 70%. Our 2020 baseline of approximately 66% weighted average across our footprint is well within that range. Our goal to improve by 10% will further help us be prepared for whatever extreme event may arise. To be frank, measuring our performance in this way sets us apart from others in the sector, to our knowledge, we are the only company holding ourselves to this high standard. In closing American Water is a proven leader in ESG and our new long-term goals are designed to solidify our leadership role. We will continue to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions, improve water efficiency and ensure that our systems are leading the industry in resiliency. It is what we do. Now, I'd like to turn it over to Susan.
Susan Hardwick: Thank you, Cheryl. Good morning, it's good to be with you virtually this morning. And we certainly look forward to doing this in person, hopefully very soon. I'm Susan Hardwick, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of American Water. You have just heard from my colleagues, the various elements of our strategy. Let me now translate what that means to our financial plan. But before we get into our longer-term financial outlook, let me take you through the highlights of our strong 2020 results. In the fourth quarter of 2020, earnings were $0.80 per share, compared to $0.54 per share in the same period of 2019, an increase of $0.26 per share. Results for the regulated business increased $0.01 per share and results from the market-based business increased $0.22 per share. Parent company results improved $0.03 per share in the fourth quarter of 2020, as compared to the same period in 2019. Consolidated results reflect a two set per share benefit from depreciation not recorded as required by assets held for sale accounting in 2020 related to the pending New York sale, and the loss of $0.19 per share on the disposal of Keystone Clearwater Solutions in the fourth quarter of 2019. For the 12 months ended December 31, 2020 earnings were $3.91 per share compared to $3.43 cents per share in the same period of 2019, an increase of $0.48 per share. Earnings in the regulated business increased $0.33 per share, while the market-based business results improved $0.24 per share compared to 2019. Parent company results were $0.09 per share lower in 2020 as compared to 2019, due primarily to higher interest expense. Regulated results reflect an estimated $0.10 per share, favorable impact year-over-year due to warmer and drier than normal weather across several of the company's subsidiaries in 2020 and unusually wet weather conditions in 2019. Regulated results also include the impact of increased revenues from new rates in effect, as well as earnings from acquisitions offset somewhat by higher wages and related costs and other maintenance costs. Operation and maintenance costs and depreciation also increased in support of growth in the business. And finally, regulated results reflect $0.06 per share benefit from depreciation not recorded as required by the assets held for sale accounting in 2020. Market-based business results improved compared to 2019 from the addition of installations for the Military Group and new partnerships and price increases in the Homeowner Services Group. As a reminder, results in 2019 reflect a $0.19 per share loss on the disposal of Keystone Clearwater Solutions in the fourth quarter of 2019. Additionally, results for the full year 2020 included an estimated $0.02 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic, primarily in the homeowner services group from increased claims that likely have resulted from more work from home activity. For the regulated business, as we have mentioned throughout much of 2020, we have been working with regulators to secure the opportunity to defer for future recovery, many of the impacts of the pandemic. And we did see as expected that an increase in residential demand largely offset the lower demand in the commercial sector. Our solid performance in 2020 is the basis for our long-term outlook. And as Walter highlighted for you, that outlook is quite strong. Referring to Slide 31, we are establishing the EPS guidance for 2021 of $4.18 to $4.28 per share, compared to our weather normalized results of $3.84 per share for 2020. Our expectation for 2020 run reflects a year-over-year growth rate of over 10%, which is what we indicated would occur at our Analyst Day last year. In longer-term, we are maintaining our growth outlook of 7% to 10% over the next five years anchored off of 2020 results. The foundation of our growth as both Bill and Walter mentioned is our investment in rate base through acquisition and upgrades to our existing systems. As you've heard today, we are stepping up our expected investment in both of these areas. And I think the important thing here is to continue to emphasize that there are multiple decades of capital investment opportunity in the regulated business. I should also add that the market-based businesses do not require a lot of capital, but do incrementally add to our earnings growth expectation, as we have continued to show on our growth triangle. As you can see now though, that expected contribution is slightly lower at about 1% as the expected growth through acquisitions has grown to a larger slice of the triangle. As shown on Slide 33, for 2021, we expect to invest $1.9 billion in our regulated operations. You can see the breakdown between the investment in the existing system, which feeds the bottom part of our growth triangle and the expected regulated acquisition spend, which feeds the mid part of our growth triangle. Over the next five years, we expect to spend between $10.3 billion and $10.5 billion, a $1.3 billion increase in capital investment compared to last year's five year plan. Of that increased amount, the split is roughly even between acquisitions and infrastructure investment in our existing systems. And our expected 10 year capital investment plan now stands at the $22 billion to $25 billion range, an increase of $2 billion to $3 billion from last year's 10 year outlook. Our rate-based growth expectation remains a very strong 7% to 8%. In absolute terms you can see on Slide 34, that we have grown rate-base by 50% since 2010 to an estimated $15 billion at the end of 2020. Let's transition to how we intend to finance operations and the capital plan that we have just announced over the next five years, turning to Slide 35. As expected we will rely primarily on our operating cash flows to finance the business. We expect operating cash flows to be roughly $8.5 billion over the next five years, we're planning to raise a total of $3.6 billion of long-term debt, net of maturity repayments over the next five years, coupled with about $700 million of equity needs, which is up slightly from the $500 million we discussed as part of last year's plan. That combined with the proceeds from our New York American sale of roughly $500 million will finance this five year plan. If you are thinking back to the same discussion last year, this current plan represents an increased investment of about $1.3 billion as we've said. That increment will be financed with increased cash flow from operations, as we roll the plan forward a year, additional expected cash proceeds from the New York sale as we have refined our estimated tax obligation upon the sale and additional public equity and debt financing. The incremental need will be financed with about 54% equity sources and 46% debt, which is supportive of our focus on the balance sheet strength and our overall debt to total capital goal. As I mentioned, a key source of financing is cash flow from operations. As a regulated business, it is important that we timely earn and collect a return on the investment. To that end, we continue to be very active on the regulatory front. Recall our discussion with you last year that several of our larger States were expected to be conducting general rate cases throughout much of 2020. As those and other proceedings have progressed, the regulated businesses have received $151 million of annualized new revenue since the start of 2020. And this includes $56 million from rate cases and $95 million from infrastructure surcharges. We are awaiting final orders on four rate cases and two infrastructure surcharge proceedings for a total annualized revenue request of $208 million. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver results. Let me take a minute to provide an update on the developments in the rate case proceeding of Pennsylvania American. As was mentioned on the third quarter earnings call in October of 2020 Pennsylvania, American Water and the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission Bureau of Investigation and Enforcement entered into a settlement agreement, providing for a total annualized revenue increase of $71 million over a two year period. In November 2020, the company’s Pennsylvania subsidiary and the remaining active parties in the case presented their positions and briefs to the administrative law judge, who issued to the Pennsylvania public utility commission a recommended decision approving the settlement. The procedural schedule in this case was extended to March 15, 2021. The company expects the Pennsylvania PUC to issue a final order by the end of the first quarter, and once approved by the PUC, the new rates will be retroactive to January 28, 2021. Now turning back to the big picture on Slide 37. As we execute on this plan over the next five years, it is very important for us to maintain a healthy balance sheet. As you know, we have maintained an A credit rating at S&P and a Baa1 at Moody’s. We believe this plan, both the level of investment and how we intend to finance it, is supportive of those current credit ratings. We are proud of our strong credit profile and we continue to work hard and maintaining it for the benefit ultimately of our customers. The upper right of Slide 37 is our debt to total capital metric. You can see that this new plan will position us at approximately a 59% to 60% debt to total cap ratio, where we indicated last year, we would be – and notably down from the 62% at the end of 2020. The bottom left of the slide shows our debt maturity profile for the next five years. This is a very manageable refinancing profile, which we worked very hard to achieve. We have had very favorable debt capital market transactions over the past several years that have allowed us to effectively build this financing structure. Also on this slide, you can see a glimpse at our liquidity, both now and what we expect at the terminal year of this five year plan. Our current cash balance of $547 million includes the proceeds of the $500 million term loan we entered into in March, 2020 to ensure adequate funds to meet our liquidity needs amid the disruption of short-term commercial paper markets at the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic. The term loan comes due in March of this year. Even without the term loan our $2.25 billion line of credit affords us plenty of capacity to the extent we need it. And finally, on Slide 38, let me just reiterate the compelling story of American Water. We remain confident that we can grow earnings in the 7% to 10% range over the next five year period. American Water remains one of the fastest growing utilities in the entire utility sector. We have also delivered top quartile utility dividend growth while maintaining a payout ratio target of 50% to 60% and remain committed to continuing that as we expect to grow our dividend at the high end of the 7% to 10% range. We commit to maintaining our predominantly regulated risk profile with the regulated businesses providing 89% of our 2025 projected EPS. The foundation of this business is regulated operations, and we currently expect to invest between $22 billion and $25 billion over the next decade on water quality and the safety and security of our water infrastructure. The combination of our EPS and dividend growth continues to be a top performer in the utility sector on total shareholder return. As you can see on the right side of this slide, we have delivered an annualized total shareholder return of 182% over the past five years. This is a business that is fundamentally very strong and we continue to deliver excellent outcomes to all of our stakeholders. We are very proud to be able to do that. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Walter for some closing remarks.
Walter Lynch: Thank you, Susan. Proven and predictable financial performance is an outcome of the successful execution of our strategies. I think you've clearly heard today that we're confident in our long-term success. This confidence is rooted in our strengths, it starts and ends with our unwavering commitment to safety. To us, safety is more than just the right thing to do. The health and safety of our team is a leading indicator of our company's health. Simply put, if we can get safety, right, we can get everything else right. To excel we must get the fundamentals, right. Operational excellence helps us define better and more efficient ways to do business and it enables us to provide safe, clean and affordable water services for our customers. As the largest water and wastewater company in United States, we assume the responsibility to go beyond minimum requirements and be an industry leader in operational and environmental excellence. This can only be achieved by collaborative high-performing teams. Maintaining an environment, where our people feel valued, included and empowered it’s critical to our ability to serve customers every day. We're working together to create an environment where employees can live up to their fullest potential and feel confident that they can directly contribute to our company's ability to stay strong, grow and make a difference in our customer's lives. And making a difference for our customers and for the communities we serve is centered on providing solutions to water and wastewater challenges. When we grow, we're able to leverage our scale, we can invest more, we can create stable jobs and we can improve infrastructure and make communities stronger, and for some ESG is a relatively recent development. For American Water, it's an affirmation of the values we've upheld for decades, it's much broader than just three words, it includes environmental leadership and sustainability, operational excellence, employee engagement, safety and equality, active community engagement, civic and charitable involvement and transparency and good governance. All are foundational to our corporate strategy. Turning to Slide 41. American Water has been recognized for our leadership and ongoing commitment to integrating ESG principles throughout our business. From sustainability to supplier diversity, to our commitment, to an inclusive culture, we're incredibly proud of these achievements. But we know we have got much more work to do. In all these categories, we’re never finished. I personally want to thank our employees. They are so engaged in every aspect of ESG, it matters to them. Like our investors who expect us to live up to ESG principles, so do our employees. In conclusion, here is what you can expect from us. Our fundamental investment strategy remains, we're affirming our long-term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10%. We plan to invest about $10.4 billion in the next five years, an increase of $1.3 billion over last year's plan, we expect an increase of potential regulated acquisitions, now in the range of 1.5% to 2.5% EPS CAGR, we plan for dividend growth at the high end of the 7% to 10% growth range, and we'll continue to champion or high-performing culture, focused on safety and inclusion and diversity. We're confident in our ability to continue as a top leader in the utility sector. And we hope today's presentation has provided you with a transparent strategic path to our long-term success. Before we take your questions, I'd offer you this thought, financially successful companies are frequently recognized nationally and internationally for strong performance and that's important. But for us, success is about enabling our employees to perform at their best. It’s about leading a team of extraordinary people doing critical work. It's about investing in people, communities, and helping our country solve its water and wastewater challenges. We're excited about our future and we thank you for being on this journey with us. Before we take a quick break, I would like to turn it back to Ed Vallejo for information about participating in our question-and-answer session.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Walter. At this time for members of the investment community that wish to ask a question, please dial in using the instructions we provided in a previous e-mail. We’ll now take a five minute break.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome back to American Water's 2021 virtual Investor Day. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And today's first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Susan, so my first question is about equity needs. You guys do not have an ATM plan, so talk to me please about how you see that $700 million in equity exactly – roughly which years and again, would you consider an ATM?
Susan Hardwick: Hey, good morning, Angie. Thanks for the question. Yes, so little bit of an update to this year's plan on the equity requirements as I indicated it’s about $700 million, we were at $500. And recall in our last plan, we had talked about that $500 million being sort of in the middle of the five year so roughly in the 2022, 2023 timeframe. I would say that's generally where we have this $700 million still scheduled, and my philosophy on this is we sort of line up the need or the issue with the need and the capital plan. So that's when it sort of comes into the plan in terms of expected requirements. We haven't really decided, and I know I keep saying this, but we haven't really decided on methodology yet, whether we do sort of a block issue or we do it using some other tool, we certainly are considering an ATM like program and you're right, we don't have one in place today, it may fit the profile a little better to use a program like that. We just haven't made any decisions on it, I would just tell you again, sort of generally speaking, it's in the middle of the five years and we'll continue to look at best method to get it to market.
Angie Storozynski: Good. And the second question, so you increased the growth contributions – earnings growth contributions coming from regulated utility acquisitions. And forgive me if you guys have addressed that already. But is it assumption of acquisitions that have already been secured? Or is it just that the pipeline backlog of deals has improved to such an extent that even the larger base, you feel like the pace of growth associated with this portion of your business is going to accelerate?
Walter Lynch: Angie, Walter here, how are you? I'm going to take that question. So let me start by just apologizing for the issues with the webcast, if you missed any of the 30 to 60 seconds, let me tell you in my section, it was fabulous. So I would ask you to go back and look at it again. So the 1.5% to 2.5%, that's a reflection of the growing pipeline that we have, Bill Varley working with the State teams have been hard at it to truly identify opportunities and then work them through our pipeline. And right now, we believe that we're confident that the pipeline supports that increase up to 1.5% to 2.5%, so that's really the reason for the growing part of that growth triangle.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And lastly, any more color on what's going on in New York? I mean, you haven't really changed your expectations as to when the transaction should close. Also it seems like the financing plan includes proceeds from this asset sales, so if he could just comment on that.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Let me start with what's going on there and then Susan can talk about that. Yes, we still – we're working structurally with the public service commission as we work towards the sale of the system there. We still believe it's in the best interest of New York American Water customers to sell the Liberty. As you know on February 3, the governor directed a special council to complete a study on the feasibility of a public takeover, and that study is to be completed by April 1. So while we remain confident in the sale the date of that work and the outcome of that work may impact our timing to some degree.
Susan Hardwick: And Angie on the proceed side, I'd just add quickly here. We have increased the expectation for proceeds, sort of after tax proceeds from the sale compared to our prior plan. We increased it about $250 million and obviously that's a source of equity if you will in this plan to help finance the growth here. And that really is just driven by – as we continue to kind of refine our estimates around tax position on the transaction, we feel like there is more proceeds coming after tax. So we did an increase at about $250 million from the prior plan.
Angie Storozynski: And the last question I promise, New Jersey still hasn't ruled on the acquisition adjustments, right, I mean, it doesn't seem like [indiscernible] posted on the website.
Walter Lynch: Yes, Angie, they have not ruled on it yet.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Walter and I promise to go back and listen to the 30 to 60 seconds.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Just going back to – just the 1.5% to 2.5%, I just want to sort of understand that a little bit better. So, obviously that's sort of a large increase versus the base, right, a 1% base – that 1% to 2% base that you were targeting earlier. What gives you confidence? I mean, I know sort of Bill is in charge of that team and he has a proven track record of completing successful acquisitions. But, is there something that you're seeing in the pipeline here today, or recently that gives you confidence in the higher growth rate there.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks Durgesh. Well, as you know we increased our pipeline and almost doubled it over the last year and it's really focusing in the States where we want to grow and focusing on both water and wastewater. We're still pursuing wastewater opportunities in areas where we serve water customers and also adjacent to where we serve water customers. And I think if you look at the city of New York wastewater, that's a perfect example of that. But it's really a combination of the States doing a tremendous job in identifying opportunities and working them through the pipeline. But also the team here led by Bill, working with the States to look at best practices and things that we can take advantage of across our scale of our business. So that's why really the increase is there, but it's really back to the pipeline, it's all about a pipeline, you have to have a pipeline to deliver on those acquisitions. Bill, if there is anything you want to add.
Bill Varley: Yes. Hi, Durgesh, how are you doing?
Durgesh Chopra: Good Bill. Thanks.
Bill Varley: In part of the pipeline development, it's a discipline approach to evaluation Durgesh, and we're not just looking for financial conditions, we take a look at the water quality, looking at wastewater compliance and what are the community needs are too. So we're looking at solutions and it's a systematic process that we go through. And to the aspect of increasing the pipeline on the wastewater side, 93% of our business is the water side. But I think now the realization is that they actually – if communities is sitting on an asset that has value, which they didn't realize before by our proactive approach, and also the view is potential liability. So, you combine all the factors with a discipline approach, increasing the pipeline, I think that's what gives us our confidence
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. That's super helpful. And then maybe just Walter your thoughts on the market-based business, so that long-term growth rate has come down, can you just talk through that? Is that sort of intentional, or are you seeing less opportunities there going forward?
Walter Lynch: We moved it from 1% to 2% to 1%, and it's really a reflection of the regulated business growing at a faster clip and particularly the regulated acquisitions that we identified. So that's really what's driving that, we're still very confident in our market-based businesses, both in the military and homeowner services. In the military, as you know, we won the last three awards where there are five outstanding, we expect two to be awarded in the near-term and we're confident in our ability to continue to provide great service for the men and women in the military. So we're confident in both businesses and they contribute to the success of our organization. So the very complimentary to what we do and they provide free cash flow and we're able to extend our core competencies, particularly on the military side and provide a great service for the 17 installations.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. So essentially it's focusing more on the regulator side of the business. You have a higher regulated acquisitions growth now. And so, the end result of that is a lower market based business growth. Okay. Understood.
Walter Lynch: Exactly.
Durgesh Chopra: And then just one quick clarification, Susan, the 2021 EPS guidance range that does not include New York American, am I correct about that?
Susan Hardwick: Well, obviously we haven't filled it yet, as we plan to sell it sometime in 2021. So there'll be some results in 2021 related to it. We've not specifically identified it as an adjustment to or any sort of the impact to 2021’s guidance. So I would just say 2021’s guidance is what it is and it contemplates the sale of New York American Water sometime during the year.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. Thanks guys, much appreciate the time.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Durgesh.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Durgesh.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Insoo Kim: Hi, can you guys hear me?
Walter Lynch: We can.
Susan Hardwick: We can Insoo.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you. Maybe starting off in Texas, I don't know if you mentioned this earlier, I'm sorry if I missed it. But I know you have a couple of the military bases down there, could you just describe a little bit about the experience you had with these winter storms and maybe related to that, currently you're not in your regular utilities, you're not in Texas, but given the water infrastructure issues that played out in that State, how do you see that State of a potential opportunity for expansion?
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks Insoo. And you’re right, we don't have regulated operations in Texas. We do have two military bases where we provide water and wastewater service Joint Base San Antonio and then Fort Hood. And I've got to say, I'm so proud of our teams and the work they've done around the clock to continue to provide service. And while we experienced many more main breaks and other challenges within the systems, our folks kept the water running for our military folks on those bases, so we're really, really proud of them. As far as the Texas operations, I mean, there is a little bit different design and construction down in Texas because they're not really designed to withstand extended periods of cold weather, and that's been the challenge down there. And so when a storm like that hits, it really challenges the system from a number of perspectives. The pipes are not buried very deep. Many of them are above ground and they tend to freeze at a much quicker pace. And a lot of the homes are not insulated like they are in the Northeast. So that's really what contributed to a lot of the issues down there. Our systems are resilient. We spend a lot of money, as Cheryl said, 8% of our capital spend is spent on resiliency in our systems to make sure that our systems can withstand extended periods of cold weather. And we do a great job at it. And while we have at times many more main breaks, our teams are out repairing those main breaks and restoring service in the shortest amount of time. So I'm really proud again, of our operations in Texas as two military bases. And again, our systems are designed and constructed to withstand extended periods of cold weather.
Insoo Kim: Got it. I guess, from that expansion opportunity, do you think that this could be an interesting opportunity as you look towards increasing your municipal growth rate?
Walter Lynch: We continually assess where we want to operate and for us – we've said many times for us to enter a state, we've got to have a good regulatory environment, a good business environment, and the ability to grow to at least 50,000 customers roughly over a five-year period. So we'll continue to assess entry points in the different states using that methodology. But we're again really proud of our efforts down there and we've responded and helped the communities down there by shipping a bottle of water. We're really proud of that as well, because that's who we are as a company coming to the aid of people in this country, even though they're not our customers.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then just one more, if I could, given Biden Administration focused on infrastructure spend and on the water side and water quality as well, how much of that do you think you've embedded in your five to 10 year plan and any sense initially, what type of upside opportunities exist?
Walter Lynch: Yes, I think we believe there's going to be an infrastructure bill. We don't believe there's going to be any free money going out to the municipalities. We think there'll be access to low interest loans for the state revolving funds, and we're working to get access to that. On the wastewater side, we do get access on the water side, but we're working to get access on the wastewater side. So we can – our customers can benefit like the other customers through a low interest loans. But our five-year plan is an increase of 1.3 billion over the last plan from last year. And we're going to continue to invest in the areas that we need to invest in and make sure our systems are resilient.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you so much.
Walter Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's next question comes from Ryan Greenwald with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ryan Greenwald: Good morning, everyone. Appreciate the time.
Walter Lynch: Good morning.
Ryan Greenwald: So on the rebasing to the weather adjusted 2020. It implies slightly lower earnings relative to the 2018 base. Is this predominantly driven by the additional equity or is there any other considerations there?
Susan Hardwick: Well, Ryan, we certainly don't view this as rebasing at all. I mean, we're simply growing off of 2020 actual results. And we had that available to us at the timing of our release for 2021 guidance. So growth of 2020, as we've talked about is very strong continues to focus on that long-term growth rate of 7% to 10% over the five years. So that is our focus and that's our continued reiteration of long-term guidance. There is more equity in the plan, obviously with a couple of hundred million more. So there was some dilution obviously built in the plan last year, and then just incrementally more dilution as a result of additional equity.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. Fair enough. And then as you guys continue to assess your focal points and you work through the sale of New York this year, any other states right now that you're considering maybe divesting operations for use of – to get some proceeds, to finance all the regulated acquisition opportunities.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks for that, Ryan we continually assess where we want to operate and where we can provide the best customer service, most efficient operations and continue to grow. And we'll just continue to do that. We're not in any position now to say that.
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. Thanks for the time.
Walter Lynch: Thank you.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Verity Mitchell with HSBC London, please go ahead.
Verity Mitchell: Good morning, everyone. Thank you very much for the presentation. Really helpful, I've got a question on efficiency. Actually I noticed on Slide 26, you've only say 4.3% since 2015. So 15% is quite an ambitious target and scare me that consumers actually use less water, or what happens if they actually use more water than that time? Are you really confident that you can deliver that?
Cheryl Norton: Thank you for the question. And yes, we're very confident that we can deliver that. We think it's a lot more than our customers actually using less water. We think it's water efficiency across the board. So for example, by improving our leak detection efforts out in our distribution system, we will be able to recover more of that non-revenue water or that unaccounted for water within our systems. And so we're looking at it from a holistic perspective. We do continue to pick up a decline in usage in the residential space based on fixtures and appliances, but we really think this is going to be driven more by the capital improvements that we make so that we can reduce the amount of leakage and water loss that we have in the system.
Verity Mitchell: Are you going to give us an update on an annual basis or is it going to be much more of a long-term target? How do we track or how you're managing?
Cheryl Norton: Yes, it is a long-term target, but we do plan to provide annual updates on where we're at with it. And we probably in future calls may talk about some of the technology we're using just to help you have a clearer picture around our path to get there.
Verity Mitchell: Great, thank you.
Walter Lynch: Yes. And it's really about the targeted investment that Cheryl said in replacing pipe that's old and worn out and maybe more prone to main breaks and also leveraging technology to identify leaks there. Those are two key areas for us to continue to improve in that area, Verity.
Verity Mitchell: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question today comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, Walter and team most of mine have been asked and answered but I will just throw one more out there. Just kind of curious what cause the pushback in PaPUC’s final decision and your pending rate case, given the ALJ recommendation supporting the settlement.
Walter Lynch: Susan, you want to take that or I can jump in?
Susan Hardwick: Well, either one. I guess, maybe we could just start with a bit of news. We did just get word here that the commission just did approve the settlement agreement. So we actually have an order now in Pennsylvania just issued moments ago. And they did approve the settlement as it was submitted.
Walter Lynch: Any other question, Jonathan, it’s timely.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes, yes, great presentation and appreciate the update.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Jonathan.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Jonathan
Operator: And our next question today comes from Becca Followill with U.S. Capital Advisors. Please go ahead.
Becca Followill: Good morning, guys. The Biden Administration is reviewing a host of different environmental regulations. Is there anything in the works on the water side that might provide more stringent regulations for munis, et cetera, that might help facilitate further M&A for you guys?
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks for the question, Becca. I think one of the areas and it's been out there for some time is really the PFAS limits. And again, there's a health advisory limit of 70 parts per trillion. Many states have enacted more stringent standards, but I think the EPA maybe monitored or coming up with a limit on that would be one area of focus for the Biden Administration. I know it's going to take some time and the EPA likes to focus on science to make their MCLs, but I think that's going to be a key area as they establish that, they'll continue to look at other emerging contaminants. And that will play again into our acquisition strategy as we continue to provide solutions for communities. And we think there is going to be a keen focus here by the EPA. Cheryl, is there anything you want to add to that?
Cheryl Norton: I think that covers it, Walter. I fully anticipate that we're going to see the regulatory environment ramp up.
Becca Followill: Thank you. And then the second question on from a state basis, is there any type of emerging legislation that would also help facilitate M&A, something that's in the works that has not yet been passed that looks like it's going to be introduced?
Walter Lynch: Well, let me start with Water Quality Accountability Act that started in New Jersey that two other states have adopted. I think that is being considered in other states within our footprint. So I would look out for that primarily in the Midwest and that again, establishes standards that are uniform across the sector, whether a municipally-owned or investor-owned, around cybersecurity, some of the challenges there, around pipe replacement rates, about long-term asset management plans. And that's been instrumental in many of the discussions we've had in the states where we operate that have that legislation. So I think it's a wake up call for many municipalities to say, maybe we should talk to American Water about selling assistance.
Becca Followill: Great. Thank you.
Walter Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Walter Lynch for any closing remarks.
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thanks Racco. First, let me say thanks for joining us today, and we value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment in our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team and they'll be happy to answer them. Thanks again for joining us and please stay safe. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you, sir. Today's conference has now concluded. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 12, 2020. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1 (877) 344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. The access code for the replay is 10149253. The audio webcast archive will be available for 1 year on American Water's Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events.
 I would like now to introduce you to your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin. 
Edward Vallejo: Thank you, Matt, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will, as usual, open the call for your questions. 
 During this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our September 30, 2020, Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. 
 Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this earnings conference call, specifically, O&M efficiency ratio and return on equity, can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page on our website. 
 All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. 
 And I should note that consistent with our efforts to ensure the safety and health of our team, we are again conducting this call while practicing social distancing and from remote locations. As an example, Walter and Susan remain in separate locations. If for any reason, technical issues do arise, Walter will take over and lead us through the full presentation.
 And with that, I will turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Walter Lynch. 
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We have a lot to cover today. I'll start with a few comments on the national election, then move to key updates on our business, including our continued focus on the implications of COVID-19. Susan will then provide a more detailed review of our third quarter and year-to-date financial results along with other updates.
 So let me start with Tuesday's election. American Water has and will continue to work with both sides of the isle in constructive water policy. Water and wastewater infrastructure remain a bipartisan issue, and we'll stay engaged with leaders at the state and federal level on this issue on behalf of our customers. We continue to believe that investment in the country's water and wastewater infrastructure is important. Supportive legislation and regulation are also critical to ensure customer bills are affordable.
 Let's move to Slide 5 and our third quarter results. The employees of American Water delivered solid results and further strengthened our low-risk profile and predictable growth story. Our results were driven by the continued execution of our strategies. Our third quarter 2020 earnings per share were up 9.8% compared to third quarter 2019. We invested capital of $1.38 billion in the first 3 quarters of 2020, which is a 10.4% increase over the same period last year. We balanced that investment through our focused effort to control cost as we work towards our long-term O&M efficiency goal of 31.3% by 2024. We've added more than 47,000 customer connections to date through closed acquisitions and organic growth and look forward to welcoming an additional 19,000 customer connections through pending acquisitions, most of which we expect to close in 2021. 
 As it relates to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, safety continues to be our top priority. Susan will give more detail in a minute, but as you saw in our 10-Q, residential demand continued higher, and we saw some rebound in commercial demand as businesses started to reopen. As a result of this higher demand in the third quarter, we saw an estimated favorable impact of $0.03 per share. We'll continue to assess the situation across our service territory. 
 Recognizing that it's difficult to predict the impact, we currently anticipate a full year unfavorable $0.03 to $0.06 per share from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Also included in the results is an estimated $0.06 per share favorable impact in 2020 from hotter, drier weather across some of our regulated states. This compares to $0.04 per share unfavorable impact for the same period in 2019 from wetter-than-normal conditions in both the Midwest and Northeast.
 Moving to our Market-Based Businesses. We were very proud to announce that our Military Services Group was awarded the contract for the operation and maintenance of the water and wastewater utility systems at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state. We're now honored to provide water and wastewater services to more than 425,000 military men, women and their families at 17 installations across the United States.
 Moving to Slide 6. The foundation of our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. We plan to invest $20 billion to $22 billion in capital over the next 10 years to ensure the quality and reliability of our services and to bring water and wastewater solutions to communities across the country. 
 We're increasing our 2020 earnings range to $3.87 to $3.93 per share, up from $3.79 to $3.89 per share. This reflects the favorable weather in the quarter. We're also affirming our long-term EPS compound annual growth rate in the 7% to 10% range. Also, consistent with our previous dividend guidance, on October 26, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.55 per share of common stock payable on December 2, 2020.
 Turning to Slide 7. Let's go through some of the regulatory highlights of the third quarter 2020. We currently have 5 pending rate cases, and I'll cover the more significant development since our last call. Last week, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved a settlement between New Jersey American Water, BPU staff and the New Jersey Division of Rate Counsel for new water and wastewater rates. The new rates represent a $39 million annual increase in water and wastewater revenues. In a separate proceeding, the BPU also approved a customer credit associated with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act that will offset the rate increase for the average residential customer through August 31, 2021. While the customer credit will benefit customer bills, it will have no earnings impact in New Jersey American Water as it's offset by lower tax expense during this period. The company's rate case was driven by more than $1 billion in infrastructure investments since the last rate case. 
 Last week, Pennsylvania American Water and the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission and Bureau of Investigations and Enforcement entered into a settlement agreement, providing for a total annualized revenue increase of $70.5 million over a 2-year period. The terms of the proposed settlement have been presented for review to the PUC Administrative Law Judge. Until the Administrative Law Judge and Commission are able to review their proposed settlement and render their decisions, it would be premature to discuss the terms of the settlement any further. As you recall, Pennsylvania American Water's general rate case requested $92 million in the first year and $46 million in the second year. Pennsylvania American Water will have invested $1.6 billion in infrastructure upgrades for the 4-year period of 2019 through 2022. 
 We also have pending rate cases in Missouri, Iowa, California and Virginia, and those cases are moving along on schedule.
 Also, in California, the California Public Utility Commission released the decision in September under its Low-income Ratepayer Assistance Program rulemaking. The decision will require California American Water to file a proposal to alter its Water Revenue Adjustment Mechanism, or WRAM, in its next general rate case filing in 2022, which will become effective in January 2024. California American Water has filed an application for a rehearing of the decision.  
 Finally, in September, and after careful consideration, California American Water withdrew a portion of its application at the California Coastal Commission for the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project in an effort to further educate stakeholders on environmental and water supply benefits of the project. The company will be resubmitting its application in the near future, and once submitted, by statute, the California Coastal Commission would have 180 days to process after it deems the application complete.
 Lastly, regarding the sale of New York American Water. Last week, the governor announced proposed legislation that would include a PSC study of a public takeover option. We'll review the legislation when a bill is introduced. We still firmly believe the sale of New York American Water to Liberty is in the best interest of our customers, and we'll continue to take the needed steps to close the transaction in early 2021. 
 Regarding state legislation. We've seen multiple states take action to help tackle water and wastewater challenges. In Indiana, legislation passed that authorizes recovery for aboveground infrastructure without a full rate case. And separate legislation passed that establishes an appraisal process for non-municipal utilities to establish fair market value and a reasonable purchase price. Iowa amended legislation that gives the Iowa Utilities Board 180 days to approve acquisitions and allows systems to qualify as a distressed system when they don't have a certified operator. Virginia also signed its version of fair market value legislation into law this year, and West Virginia passed a bill that allows for expanded asset valuation, combined water and wastewater ratemaking and expansion of how municipalities can use proceeds from the sale of a water or wastewater system.
 Moving on to Slide 8. In addition to legislative action to help communities solve water and wastewater challenges, we believe our commitment to putting customers first is key to growing our regulated footprint. As I mentioned, so far in 2020, we've closed on 20 acquisitions in 9 different states, adding approximately 36,200 new customer connections. We've also added approximately 10,900 customer connections through organic growth through 9 months. We look forward to adding another 19,000 customer connections to currently sign agreements in 7 states. Also, the pipeline of opportunities we've noted are a result of increased conversations we're having across our footprint with communities looking for solutions to water and wastewater challenges. These opportunities are in various stages of development, and as you know, the process can take multiple years. 
 We know that many communities are facing unprecedented challenges now, and our mission is to help make those communities better because we're there. This includes our recent acquisitions of the city of Jerseyville water and wastewater system in Illinois and the Long Hill sewer system in New Jersey. According to the city of Jerseyville mayor, William Russell, "We can trust that our water and wastewater systems are in professional, caring hands." 
 Moving on to Slide 9. Customers remain at the center of every decision we make. This means smart investments, balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. For the 12-month period ending September 30, 2020, our O&M efficiency ratio improved to 34.2% compared to 34.8% for the 12-month period ended September 30, 2019. Our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they were in 2010. Since then, we've added approximately 317,000 customer connections, while expenses only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.9%. This is incredible work by our employees. 
 Finally, before I turn the call over to Susan, I want to thank all American Water employees for their commitment to safety as we continue to provide essential services during this pandemic. I also want to send a special thanks to our employees in California, who once again, are safely and successfully providing critical water service as that state deals with catastrophic wildfires.
 And with that, let me turn it over to Susan. 
M. Hardwick: Thanks, Walter, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on Slide 11 with a bit more detail on results for the quarter. Third quarter 2020 consolidated earnings were $1.46 per share compared to $1.33 per share in 2019. As Walter mentioned, included in earnings is an estimated $0.06 per share favorable weather impact. The Regulated Business segment results increased $0.14 per share or an increase of 10.8% compared to 2019 earnings. The Market-Based Business results were flat to the prior year, and the parent company decreased $0.01 per share compared to the third quarter of 2019. 
 Our 2020 earnings through September 30 were $3.11 per share or a 7.6% increase over the same period last year. Results for the 9-month period include an estimated $0.10 per share increase year-over-year from warmer and drier-than-normal weather in the third quarter of 2020 versus wetter-than-normal conditions in the second quarter of 2019. 
 Also, for the year-to-date period, results reflect $0.04 per share for depreciation not recorded as required by assets held for sale accounting and an estimated $0.02 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Our Regulated Businesses increased $0.32 per share. Our Market-Based Businesses increased $0.02 per share, and finally, the parent results decreased by $0.12 per share year-over-year, primarily due to higher interest expense to support growth in the regulated business and the sale of a legacy investment in 2019.
 Moving to Slide 12. Let me walk through the third quarter results by business. The Regulated Operations increased $0.11 per share before considering the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic for the quarter. We saw a $0.16 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investments, acquisitions and organic growth. As I mentioned previously, results reflect an estimated $0.06 per share increase from favorable weather in various parts of our service territory. O&M expense increased by $0.06 per share and depreciation increased $0.05 per share, net of the $0.01 per share for depreciation not recorded as required by assets held for sale accounting. 
 The Market-Based Business third quarter results in 2020 were consistent with 2019, and the parent results decreased $0.01 per share, reflecting higher interest expense. 
 And lastly, there was an estimated $0.03 per share favorable net impact from the COVID-19 pandemic as demand revenues in the regulated business improved, primarily in the residential customer class. During the quarter, we saw residential demand increase 13.6%. The increase reflects the impact of weather, normal changes in demand, growth and certainly the impact of more stay-at-home activities. Further, during the quarter, we saw commercial and industrial volumes improve to nearly flat year-over-year, reflective of what we expected, at least, a partial recovery as local communities began to reopen. Recall, we saw commercial volumes down 10.3% through the second quarter. 
 In the third quarter, we have seen the impact of the pandemic on the Homeowner Services Group from delays in new partnerships and a launch of new products. And we started to see some recovery with 2 new partnership adds in the third quarter as companies are able to start to prioritize normal operations. And the ability to fully estimate the impact of the pandemic is challenging, as Walter said, but the anecdotal information from our state teams and our Market-Based Business team validates the trends we have seen in the third quarter.
 Moving to Slide 13. 9-month EPS increased 7.6% year-over-year. Regulated Operations increased $0.32 per share for the period, and we saw $0.48 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and an estimated $0.10 per share increase from weather year-over-year. O&M expense increased by $0.16 per share and depreciation increased $0.10 per share, net of the $0.04 per share for depreciation not recorded on assets held for sale. The Market-Based Businesses increased $0.04 per share due to Joint Base in San Antonio and the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York going into full operation as of June 1, 2020, for military services as well as price increases and organic growth in Homeowner Services. Parent results decreased $0.12 per share, largely driven by $0.03 per share due to the sale of a legacy investment in 2019, and a $0.05 per share increase in interest expense. 
 The estimated net impact of the COVID-19 pandemic is $0.02 per share unfavorable for the year-to-date period. As mentioned, in the regulated business, increased demand in the residential customer class has largely offset decreases in revenue from the commercial and industrial classes to date. Though the second quarter trend was a bit more negative, as we discussed, our initial intuition was that this offset would ultimately be the case. The unknown remains, though, as we -- as to how long and to what degree the pandemic continues. As we continue to watch these rate case-- these case rates increase in many of our territories, it's possible that additional restrictions are put in place that could, again, negatively impact demand for our commercial customers.
 Moving on to Slide 14. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver financial results. As of October 31, the Regulated Business received $127 million in annualized new revenues in 2020. This includes $57 million from rate cases, including step increases; and $70 million from infrastructure surcharges. Included in this number is the outcome from our most recent rate case in New Jersey, as Walter mentioned, at the start of the call. We have also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on the 5 rate cases previously discussed by Walter and 3 infrastructure surcharge proceedings for a total annualized revenue request of $212 million. 
 From a regulatory perspective, we are continuing to work diligently to address the impact of the pandemic in our service territories. As of today, we have commissioned orders, authorizing deferred accounting for COVID-19 financial impacts in 11 of our 14 jurisdictions, with 3 proceedings pending in Kentucky, Tennessee and New York. Essentially, all direct costs and foregone revenues are being captured for future recovery. Currently, the bottom line impact on the regulated business from the pandemic is the estimated variance in demand revenues, as we just discussed, and the minor impact on Homeowner Services.
 Moving on to Slide 15. As Walter said, we now expect our 2020 earnings to be in the range of $3.87 per share to $3.93 per share, up from $3.79 to $3.89 per share. This guidance range reflects the favorable benefit of weather year-to-date and assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. It reflects an estimated $0.06 per share for depreciation not recorded as required by the assets held for sale accounting, and it also reflects an estimated $0.03 to $0.06 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. As we've said throughout this call, the full year estimated impact of COVID-19 is highly dependent on the projected impact of a number of unknown factors, which could include the length and severity of any impact on the demand for services and the nature and scope of any regulatory solutions.
 Finally, moving on to Slide 16. As Walter noted, the company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.55 per share of common stock in October. This reflects the continuation of the 10% increase in the annual dividend declared by the Board on April 29, 2020. We continue to be a top leader in dividend growth. We have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 10.1% over the last 5 years against the target of the high end of the 7% to 10% range. Also, we continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. 
 As we've discussed all year, our total company consolidated actual return on equity is 10.6% now for the 12-month period ended September 30, 2020. Regulatory execution, along with the strong results from our Market-Based Businesses, allows us to consistently deliver on our earnings commitment. We continue to believe that delivering on results combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend growth expectations provides excellent value for our investors. The decades of investment need continues and drives our planned $20 billion to $22 billion of capital investment over the next 10 years. With the fragmented water and wastewater landscape, and as state and local communities continue to face added challenges from impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe we can provide those states and towns water and wastewater solutions to help mitigate those impacts. We see our business as resilient, and we have built it in a way to endure challenges like we are seeing with the current pandemic.
 And with that, let me turn the call back over to Walter for a few additional remarks. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Susan. Let me cover 2 more items before taking any of your questions. First, we plan to talk with you in February as we wrap up 2020 to discuss our 2021 earnings guidance and our long-term plan, including discussion on our ESG goals. In anticipation of that, you can expect that our plan of focusing on growth from infrastructure investment will continue. Additionally, we'll be meeting with many of you at the Virtual EEI Financial Conference next week. We look forward to talking with you all then. 
 Second, as you all know, Veterans Day is next week. I'd like to take a moment to thank all the men and women who served and protected our country. As you may know, I graduated from West Point, was honored to serve as an army officer for more than 5 years. I'm proud to be a veteran and equally proud that American Water is a culture that reflects the support of our military. This year, we've been recognized by 2 veterans publications, U.S. Veterans Magazine and Military Times, receiving the honor as a top veteran-friendly company for having a top supplier diversity program and being among the top 100 Best for Vets Employers. And most recently, American Water received the highest recognition given by the U.S. government to employers, 2020 Secretary of Defense Employer Support Freedom Award, for exemplary support of National Guard and Reserve employees. We're extremely proud of this recognition, and we'll continue to work with and support those who serve our country. 
 With that, we're happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Greenwald with Bank of America. 
Ryan Greenwald: So maybe if we could start with the military business. Could you provide some color around contribution with the new military bases after the latest wins? And then further, do you have any visibility to other opportunities that can materialize in the near term? 
Walter Lynch: Well, let me take that, and Susan can jump in. But we don't break out the earnings from Military Services, we just do it on a segment basis for a number of reasons, but we just don't do that. But I can also talk to -- we're in 4 different solicitations right now, and we expect to hear back on 2 in the near term. So just a reminder, we won the last 3 major awards from the military, and we're really proud to be able to support the military and their families. 
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. But nothing you can provide in terms of color around contribution at this point? 
Walter Lynch: No. No. I'm sorry, Ryan. We don't break that out like that. 
Ryan Greenwald: Fair enough. And then maybe if you could just talk about how you're framing timing of equity. I know you guys kind of alluded in the past that maybe in the middle of the plan, but curious if that mindset has changed at all given the strength of shares. 
M. Hardwick: Yes. This is Susan. We have not changed our timing, and really, the timing that we have laid out in the plan -- and you're right, we had indicated in December, when we rolled out this current plan, that we had anticipated an issue somewhere in the middle of that 5-year period. That is still our current thinking. And it's really tied to when we need the proceeds, when we need some additional funding for the capital plan that we have laid out. As you recall, from December, we increased our capital expectation for the 5-year period and then obviously, rolled out our 10-year plan. And the equity issue we have in the current plan really supports the timing of when we think the investment occurs and when we really need the funding. And I just don't see any need to change that at this point. 
Ryan Greenwald: Got it. And then just lastly, on the New York American Water sale process, can you dive a little bit more into that in terms of the milestones from here and the process going forward in terms of the time line? 
Walter Lynch: Yes. As I said in the remarks, Ryan, we still expect to close this in early 2021, and so we're working on an established time line. We're still confident that we can get there. Even as the governor has talked about proposed legislation, we don't think that would slow this down. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. 
Insoo Kim: First question is for Susan. Remind us, in the results and in the guidance, what COVID-related costs, including the bad debt, is included or excluded from the results, given the various pending regulatory approvals for those. 
M. Hardwick: Yes. Our guidance overall, as we indicated, we've changed guidance this quarter, increased it. And included in that guidance range is an assumption of $0.03 to $0.06 unfavorable for the year, and that really, I think, reflects our current trends. We saw a fairly substantial impact through the second quarter, and it's recovered some in the third as we saw the commercial business -- the commercial sector come back a bit, and the residential sector, again, continues to be pretty strong growth there. I think the challenge, of course, is to try to estimate how long this thing lasts and what the sort of new surge of cases may, in fact, do to businesses across our service territory, do they go into some additional phase of shutdown. So again, we've tried to capture some assumptions around that in our guidance range of the $0.03 to $0.06 unfavorable. Just difficult to predict, obviously, as we see this thing continue to unfold. And it is included in that guidance range that we established.
 I mentioned on the regulatory front, we now have deferral orders in 11 of the 14 jurisdictions, and that really does cover exposures to bad debt expense increases, direct costs associated with the pandemic, et cetera. So really, the impact that falls through, if you will, is just the demand revenue changes that we might see across the service territory. Everything else, the direct costs or direct impacts are captured in those deferral orders. 
Insoo Kim: Got it. And could you quantify just year-to-date what those -- what the deferred costs amount to? 
M. Hardwick: It's disclosed in the Q. I think if you go to that footnote in the Q where we talk about COVID specifically, we've laid out the reg assets recorded, net of some reg liabilities. I don't have the number right in front of me, but it's laid out in the Q for you. 
Insoo Kim: Understood. Second question. Walter, I know you talked about increased communications with various municipal utilities for potential M&A, and I know that's been ongoing every year. But just given the COVID environment and your point earlier on potential focus nationally on water quality and water infrastructure, are you -- do you think, all else equal, you should see an acceleration of mini acquisitions by AWK over the next 2 to 3 years versus the rate that you've seen over the past few years? 
Walter Lynch: Yes, it's a great question. And we're in many conversations with municipalities around the country. One of the reasons is the COVID impact, but still a lot of challenges around water and wastewater infrastructure, and we're a solutions provider. So we're going to continue to talk to municipalities about providing solutions. Our pipeline continues to grow, and we continue to talk to new municipalities. So we'll see where that takes us. Typically, it takes 2 to 5 years to complete these deals, so there is a delay from the time you start talking to them to the time you take ownership, but we're very confident in our ability to provide solutions for our communities. 
M. Hardwick: Let me just quickly tag on to the question there. We do have a net regulatory asset of $26 million recorded at the end of September related to COVID. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: So Walter, in your prepared remarks, you had a comment about some -- one of the states, I admittedly forget which one, that has a legislation that would provide for some adjustments for nonmunicipal systems, water systems being acquired. If you could remind me which one it is? And also, in light of that, I'm just looking at your New Jersey rate case settlement. You -- in the original filing, you asked for this acquisition adjustments mechanism. I don't see it in the settlement. So I just wonder if it means it's still going to be addressed or the settlement basically doesn't cover it i.e., those 3 acquisitions will not be -- well, the goodwill is not going to be added to the rate case basically in New Jersey? 
Walter Lynch: Yes. Let me start with the second question first. The acquisition adjustment will be dealt with separately. And the order -- there was an executive order that came out that said 90 days after the emergency orders lifted is when they have to render decision So we don't have an exact time on it yet, but we're expecting that after the executive -- after the emergency orders lifted. 
Agnieszka Storozynski: Okay. That's in New Jersey. And you mentioned some -- which other state has this potential adjustment for nonmunicipal systems?  I thought you mentioned it. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. No, it's Indiana. There is an appraisal process, yes, for the nonmunicipal utilities and really around establishing fair market value and a reasonable purchase price. So yes, Indiana has been a leading state in legislation because they recognize, I think, the importance of what we can do as a company in addressing the water and wastewater challenges. So we're really proud to be working with Indiana legislature and coming up with bills that really affords us the opportunity to do that. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. 
Jonathan Reeder: So a question around guidance. Midpoint to midpoint, you're raising at by $0. 04. However, you're citing kind of a net $0.07 to $0.08 benefit assumptions that were originally embedded in your guidance range. So that kind of implies your core results are actually tracking down $0.03 to $0.04 from the original midpoint. What's kind of the driver cause of that? 
M. Hardwick: Jonathan, let me make sure I follow the question and maybe correct one thing. I think, at midpoint, we're up $0.06. We were roughly at $3.84 midpoint before, we're now at $3.90. And that really just was driven by the weather implications. That's the big driver of the of the change in midpoint, I would say. I think, we obviously did narrow the range a bit as we, again, have continued to see a little bit more recovery from the COVID costs than we had anticipated when we were discussing this with you at the second quarter. I recall then, our range was $0.05 to $0.08 unfavorable. We're now $0.03 to $0.06 is our current best guess at that. Obviously, the business continues to perform fundamentally very, very well. We've not seen any real slowdown in our investment opportunities. So the underlying business is performing very well. 
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Well, let me ask it maybe a little bit differently. Historically, I guess, investors have kind of been conditioned to AWK coming in more in the top half of the guidance range. I mean, you guys have done a good job executing. So if it's -- the midpoint is being raised $0.06, despite $0.07 to $0.08 of favorable items, it kind of puts you just a little below that original midpoint. So is there anything that kind of is causing that headwind or expenses not quite as good as you're hoping or rate release delays, anything like that? Not a lot, just a couple of [ venues ], but just kind of curious. 
M. Hardwick: No, really no drivers of that nature. I mean, again, I think we're continuing to understand the impacts of COVID from a short-term and a long-term perspective. But as I said, the underlying business continues to perform quite well. There is always a number of gives and takes in any particular year, but we've not seen anything that's fundamentally changing our expectations about the ability for the business to perform. 
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then, Walter, I know you guys were going to roll out guidance in February. Should we anticipate you rolling the base year forward 1 year from 2018 to 2019? Or is there a chance you guys use 2020? 
M. Hardwick: We're still looking at that, Jonathan. And I think you'll just have to wait till February, when we come out and give you sort of the full plan. I think, as Walter indicated in his remarks, though, you can expect to see a continued focus on investment in infrastructure. That's what drives this business, and we think we have great opportunity to continue to do that. 
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then last, I know you said commercial demand revenues weren't down nearly as much in Q3 as it was in Q2. But how did the trends exactly shake out on the residential side? I think Q2 was up only 5%, which was somewhat puzzling. Aqua America, which has some general overlap with your service territories, was up 10%. Where was residential in Q3? 
M. Hardwick: I think we quoted that was up, Ed, you can check me 13%, I think, we said roughly 13% in the quarter, and again, we've laid out by quarter in the 10-Q. Yes, residential is up 13.6% in the quarter. 
Walter Lynch: 13.6%, yes. 
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So that really came back strong or whatever in Q3. 
M. Hardwick: It really did. And then commercial, again, we saw as -- on a year-to-date basis, is really flat to the prior year. So obviously, you would expect growth, right? But we think back flat to year-over-year is an indication that across much of our territory, which, again, we like the geographic diversity of our territory as this thing rolls through the country. Different parts of the country are responding differently in terms of business reopenings, and we've seen that occur through this third quarter. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. 
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thank you for joining our call today. We value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and the investment of our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team, they'll be happy to answer any questions you have. So again, thanks, again, and be safe, everyone. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company’s Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 13, 2020. US callers may access the audio archives toll free by dialing 1877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing +1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10146461. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water’s Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Gary, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for today’s call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will of course open the call for any of your questions. During this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. Now these statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our June 30, 2020, Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information related to adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, the slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page on our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. I should note that consistent with our efforts to ensure the safety and health of our team, we’re again conducting this call, while practicing social distancing and from remote locations. As an example, Walter and Susan remain in separate locations. If for any reason technical issues do arise, Walter will take over and lead us through the full presentation. And with that, I will now turn the call over to American Water’s President and CEO, Walter Lynch.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. We have a lot to cover today and we thought it might be helpful to first address the impacts of COVID-19 on our operations and our estimates of the financial impact so far. As we've done since the onset of this health emergency, American Water continues to provide essential water and wastewater services to our customers and we know the critical role we play in helping our customers and communities through this pandemic. As we relayed on our first quarter call, we remain focused in three areas. The first is the care and safety of our employees and their families, the second is the safety of our customers and the communities we serve, and the third is the execution of our preparedness plans. We can continue to provide essential services and help our communities get through the pandemic. With recent surges of COVID-19 cases in many parts of our country, the measures we took early on remain in place while adding additional measures. These include employee health screenings prior to coming to work, social distancing, suspension of all non-emergency in-home appointments, limiting the amount and nature of contact with customers during field appointments and a required work-from-home policy for non-essential employees where possible. Because the number of cases varies across our footprint, we're taking into account CDC and local and state guidance as we work on plans to return to a more normal state of operation when possible with safety as the primary driver. As you know we were among the first utilities to suspend shutoffs and late fees prior to any orders being issued by states. We continue to work with customers who are experiencing financial hardships by offering customer assistance programs and access to low income programs. Susan will cover this in greater detail, but we're working constructively with public service commission’s as they look to address utility response measures, customer protections and cost recovery for regular utilities in their jurisdictions. Additionally, our liquidity and access to capital remained strong and we continue our disciplined approach to execute on our core strategies such as making needed capital investment. Finally, American Water and the American Water Charitable Foundation continue to help the communities the we serve giving more than $400,000 in charitable contributions over the past three months to help mitigate impacts of COVID-19 in the communities we serve. Before I ask Susan to discuss the financial impacts of COVID-19 so far, I want to thank our employees not only for their tremendous effort throughout the pandemic, but also of what they've done all year to stay safe and provide essential service to the communities we serve. Now, let me turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks Walter, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 summarizes the estimated impact of the pandemic on results through June 30, 2020. We've seen an estimated 5% increase in residential customer volumetric demand over this period that we think is directly related to the impact of COVID-19 as many of our customers have been working from home and or sheltering in place because of the pandemic. Likewise, we have seen commercial and industrial demand weakened by about 13% and 7% respectively as our best estimate of the impact of COVID-19 over this period as many businesses have shuttered. And I'd simply remind you that we are about 70% residential on an annual revenue basis. As Walter mentioned, we discontinued service shutoffs that would normally occurred due to nonpayment and are no longer charging late fees. As a result, those revenue categories are also down. Also we have incurred some incremental operating costs to keep our employees and customers safe and have seen some increase in uncollectable accounts expense. The total estimated impact of the last demand, force of the last demand, foregone revenue and increased costs is estimated at about $21 million, which equates to about $15 million after tax or $0.09 per share before considering the accounting for future recovery. We've been working with regulators across our entire service territory alongside other utilities to address how these impacts the cost of service and recovery should be addressed. As a result of those discussions and regulatory orders received today at June 30, 2020, we have recorded a net regulatory asset of $12 million for future recovery which represents a significant portion of the total estimated impact. After considering the accounting for future recovery, the impact resulting from COVID-19 year-to-date is an estimated $0.05 per share in total. Let's turn to Slide 7 to look at some of the specific regulatory activities. As we said, we've been in discussions on behalf of our customers with public service commissions across our service area. Currently 10 of our 14 regulatory jurisdictions have issued orders to address the impacts of COVID-19 authorizing deferral of incremental cost and certain other financial impacts resulting from the implementation of moratorium on shutoffs and disconnections. Four states Missouri, New York, Tennessee and Kentucky have pending proceedings where we also expect to receive authority to capture the financial impacts of COVID-19. As a result of the orders received and expected actions by regulators as I mentioned we've recorded a $12 million - $12 million for future recovery, primarily related to foregone revenues from reconnect and late fees and estimated uncollectable accounts expense. Now as it relates to the demand for our services, American Water has a predominantly residential customer base as I mentioned just a minute ago. As noted, our residential load is higher and our commercial and industrial loads have turned it down due to business closures. We estimate that the demand – the net demand loss directly related to COVID-19 to be approximately $10 million through June 30. This loss revenue is being tracked in each of our utilities. We believe that this lost demand relates directly to the pandemic and while we've conservatively not recorded a regulatory asset at the consolidated level for future recovery, we believe we have strong arguments and good opportunity to recover the lost revenue in our future COVID-19 or other filings. This lost revenue was essentially $0.04 per share of the total $0.05 per share estimated unfavorable impact from COVID-19 in the quarter and year-to-date periods. We’ll work diligently to seek recovery of these lost revenues as we think that makes more sense than making arbitrary cost reductions that could have longer term impacts on service delivery. As we think about the impact of COVID-19 our market based businesses for military services, O&M operations currently continue as normal subject to each instillations individual requirements. Our services are deemed essential, so we continue to deliver safe, clean and reliable water and essential wastewater services to our military base partners. For Homeowner Services, there has been some delay in new partner relationships and some delays in the launch of new products that we attribute directly to COVID-19 and the estimated impact of those delays is about $0.01 per share year-to-date. We believe we can maintain our customer base during this period of economic downturn because homeowners see value in these products that protect them against large unexpected expenses. And perhaps just a couple of final comments before I turn it back to Walter, we're executing our capital investment plan for the year and are looking for additional ways to assist communities needs as we go forward and we continue to remain confident we have sufficient liquidity available for the foreseeable future with $2.3 billion available at the end of June. And let me turn back to Walter for discussion of the remainder of the results for the quarter.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Susan. Let's move on to the second quarter and six month results as it's been an eventful year-to-date with several key rate cases, significant capital investment, multiple acquisitions and a sharp focus on business fundamentals. Through trying times once again, the employees of American Water delivered solid results and further strengthen our low risk profile and predictable growth story. Our second quarter 2020, GAAP earnings per share increases 3.2% compared to the second quarter 2019. Included in GAAP results are $0.02 per share for depreciation not recorded due to assets out for sale and an estimated $0.05 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. We invested capital of $930 million in the first half of 2020 which is a 17% increase over the same period last year. This increase is driven by the continued investment in our systems and the communities we serve along with more favorable construction weather this year versus last. We also continue to work hard to minimize the customer bill impacts of these investments like controlling O&M costs. We continue our disciplined approach to regulated acquisitions. We've added more than 17,700 customer connections to date through closed acquisitions and organic growth and look forward to welcoming an additional 43,600 customer connections through pending acquisitions, most of which we expect to close in 2020. Our market-based businesses were up a $0.01 in earnings per share, reflecting year-to-date price increases in organic growth from Homeowner Services. We're also very honored to assume operations of Joint Base San Antonio in Texas and the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York in the second quarter of 2020. Moving to Slide 9, the foundation of our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations to provide clean, safe and reliable water and wastewater services to our customers. Our strategy remains consistent as we plan to invest $20 billion to $22 billion in capital over the next 10 years to ensure the quality and reliability of our services and to bring water and wastewater solutions to communities across the United States. We're affirming our long-term EPS compound annual growth rate in the 7% to 10% range and we expect our 2020 GAAP earnings to be in the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share. Susan will talk more about that in a few minutes. Also consistent with our previous dividend guidance on July 29, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.55 per share of common stock payable on September 1, 2020. Turning to Slide 10, let's walk through some of the regulatory highlights of the second quarter 2020. On June 30, Missouri American Water filed a rate request with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The case includes $920 million in water system improvements and $30 million in sewer system improvements from January 2018 to May 2022. This includes the replacement of approximately 275 miles of aging water and sewer pipes as well as the upgrading of treatment plants, storage tanks, wells and pumping stations across the state. The company's request is expected to take 11 months to complete and any new rates would not become effective until mid-2021. Pennsylvania American Water to file a general rate case in April requesting $92 million in the first year and $46 million in the second year. Since our last case in 2017, Pennsylvania American Water will have invested $1.6 billion in infrastructure upgrades for the four year period of 2019 through 2022 including replacing more than 427 miles of aging water and sewer pipes. Traditionally, the Public Utility Commission's review of the filing may take up to nine months and new rates would not be effective until 2021. New Jersey American Water filed a general rate case in December 2019 requesting an overall revenue increase of approximately $88 million excluding the revenue from DSIC. Since our last rate case we will have invested more than $1 billion in system upgrades in New Jersey. Virginia American Water filed a general rate case requesting an overall revenue increase of $5.6 million in November 2018. This case was driven by approximately $98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April 2017 and we expect a decision later this year. Now, let me turn to California where there's been quite a bit of activity California American Water waterfowl for new rates in July 2019. The case covers 2021 through 2023 and request an increase in authorized revenue of $46.6 million over three years. The request seeks $197 million for infrastructure improvements planned for 2021 and 2022. Due to COVID-19, we now expect the decision on this case in the first quarter of 2021. In addition, we filed a motion for interim rates to be effective back to January 1, 2021. Also our Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project is now scheduled to go before the California Coastal Commission for approval in mid-September. In early July, the California Public Utility Commission released a proposed decision on a low income rate payer assistance proceeding with the comment period currently underway and possible though in August. The decision would require California American Water to file a proposal to alter its water revenue adjustment mechanism known as RAM in its next general rate case filing in July 2022 becoming effective in January 2024. RAMs are mechanisms commonly used across utility sectors. They really have proven critical to promote conservation and infrastructure investment. From our experience, we believe the best way to address concerns with the impacts of RAMs is to improve forecasting in the rate making process. We're hopeful issues with the proposed decision will be resolved before the decision is voted on. If the proposed decision is adopted as is, California American water would consider options when they file their next rate case in 2022, which would affect rates starting in 2024. On the legislative front this year, I would highlight two bills that were signed by the governor of Indiana. The first one authorizes recovery for aboveground infrastructure without a full rate case and the second establishes an appraisal process for non-municipal utilities to establish fair value and a reasonable purchase price. Additionally, Missouri passed the Water Safety and Security Act which requires most water utilities with up to 30,000 customers to establish a cybersecurity plan and a valve and hydro inspection program. This is similar to legislation exists in Indiana and New Jersey. Finally, the sale of New York American Water continues to progress and we anticipate the closing of the acquisition by Liberty Utilities in early 2021. Moving on to Slide 11. Customers remain at the center of every decision we make today and into the future. This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. As I mentioned earlier in the first half of this year, we invested a total of $930 million with the majority in our regulated businesses including $881 million in infrastructure investment and $40 million in regulated acquisitions. As we make these critical investments to maintain reliable service, we must also ensure affordability for our customers. We'll continue to focus on efficiency and work toward our O&M efficiency goal of 31.3% by 2024. For the 12 month period ending June 30, 2020 our O&M efficiency ratio improved to 34.3% compared to 35.2% for the 12 month period ended June 30, 2019. Our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they were in 2010. Since then we've added approximately 281,000 customer connections while expenses only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.8%. We're very proud of our employees focus and commitment to controlling costs on behalf of our customers especially given the current economic challenges some of our customers are facing. Moving on the Slide 12, we believe our commitment to putting customers first is a key to growing our regulated footprint. So far in 2020, we've closed on 13 acquisitions in six different states adding approximately 10,800 new customer connections. We've also added more than 6,900 customer connections to organic growth in the first six months. We look forward to adding another 43,600 customer connections to currently sign agreements in nine states, most of which we expect to close in 2020. These new agreements reflect our commitment to provide water and wastewater solutions to communities across our footprint. We know that many communities are facing unprecedented challenges now and so we're pleased we’re able to help. This includes our recent acquisition, the Village Of Shiloh wastewater system in Illinois. This is another example of acquiring the wastewater system in an area where we provide water services for decades. According to our village mayor [James Rainier], the sale of wastewater system to Illinois American Water "allows the village to focus on other priorities." He also went on to say "Illinois American Water is providing excellent water service to our residents for many decades. We look forward to expanding our partnership. " We're very disciplined in our approach to acquisitions leveraging our tremendous expertise to find solutions for communities. We now have about 800,000 customer opportunities in our pipeline, as many communities are seeking solutions to increase challenges which include regulatory, financial and those posed by COVID-19 in managing water and wastewater systems. And with that, I will now turn the call over to Susan.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks again, Walter. Let me start on Slide 14 with a bit more detail on results. Second quarter 2020 consolidated GAAP earnings were $0.97 per share compared to $0.94 per share in 2019. As Walter mentioned included in GAAP earnings is $0.02 per share for depreciation not recorded due to assets held-for-sale accounting and the estimated $0.05 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. The Regulated Business segment results increased $0.10 per share or an increase of 11.5% compared to 2019 earning. The Market-Based business results increased $0.01 per share and the parent company decreased $0.08 per share compared to 2019. Our 2020 GAAP earnings through June 30 were $1.65 per share or a 5.8% increase over the same period last year. And the six month period results include $0.03 related to depreciation not recorded assets held-for-sale and an estimated $0.05 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic. Our Regulated Businesses increased to $0.18 per share. Our Market-Based Businesses increased $0.02 per share primarily from Homeowner Services and finally the parent results decreased by $0.11 per share year-over-year. Moving to Slide 15, let me walk through the second quarter results by business. Regulated operations increased $0.14 per share before considering the $0.04 per share estimated unfavorable impact from COVID-19 on the Regulated Business. We saw a $0.20 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investments, acquisitions and organic growth. Walter mentioned as a reminder that 2019 results include $0.04 per share of unusually wet weather in the Regulated Business. O&M expense increased $0.05 per share and depreciation related to ongoing operations and $0.03 per share both to support Regulated acquisitions and other growth. The Market-Based Businesses second quarter results in 2020 increased $0.02 per share compared to 2019 before considering the $0.01 estimated unfavorable impact from COVID-19 on the Market-Based businesses. The increase was driven primarily by Homeowner Services Group organic growth and contract price increases. Also during the second quarter, we are now fully operational on Joint Base San Antonio in the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. The parent results decreased $0.08 per share with $0.02 per share reflecting higher interest expense to support growth in the regulated business. The remaining $0.06 per share was the $0.03 per share sale of the legacy investment that occurred in 2019 and timing of expenses and other items that $0.03 per share. And finally on Slide 15, you'll see the total of $0.05 per share estimated impact from COVID as we discussed. Moving to Slide 16, six month GAAP EPS increased 5.8% year over year as I mentioned and many of the drivers on the variances in the quarter noted previously also explained year over year results. Moving to Slide 17, the regulated business has received $80 million in annualized new revenues in 2020 and this includes $18 million from step increases and $62 million from infrastructure surcharges. We've also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on five rate cases as Walter just walk through and two infrastructure surcharge proceedings for total annualized revenue requests to $294 million. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver financial results. Moving onto Slide 18, the company expects its 2020 earnings to be in the range of $3.79 per share to $3.89 per share on a GAAP basis. Included in this guidance range is the estimated $0.06 per share for depreciation not recorded as required by the accounted for assets held for sale and the estimated $0.05 to $0.08 per share unfavorable impact from the COVID-19 pandemic the full year estimated impact of COVID-19 is highly dependent on the projected impact of a number of unknown factors which include the length and severity of decreased demand for services and the nature and scope of regulatory solution. Our current thoughts are that we start to see moderation in the impact on demand in the third quarter 2020. This guidance range is the same range that was previously announced on an adjusted basis. But let me be clear our 2020 expectation of result in the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share is unchanged from prior expectations. We continue to believe this range is reflective of the expected results on a normalized basis, normalized for the two unusual items in 2020 related to the depreciation issue and COVID-19. We think that guidance on GAAP results, which include these two items makes the message quite clear. And I also want to repeat what Walter said, we are affirming our long-term earnings compound annual growth rate expectation on an earnings per share basis of a range of 7% to 10% while investing capital in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.4 billion over the next five years. Finally, moving on to Slide 19, as we noted in the release on July 29, 2020 the company's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.55 per share of common stock payable on September 1, 2020. This reflects the continuation of the 10% increase in the annual dividend declared by the board on April 29, 2020. We continue to be a top leader in dividend growth. We have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 10.1% over the last five years and we expect to continue that growth at the high end of the 7% to 10% range. Also we continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. Our total company consolidated actual return on equity is 10.7% for the 12 months ended June 30, 2020. Regulatory execution along with strong results from our market-based businesses allows us to consistently deliver on our earnings commitment. We believe that delivering on results combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend growth expectations continue to provide excellent value for our shareholders. To summarize, the decades of capital investment need continue and drives our planned $20 billion to $22 billion of capital investment over the next 10 years. With the fragmented water and wastewater landscape in the states and local communities continue to face added challenges from the impacts of COVID-19. We believe we can provide those states and towns water and wastewater solutions to help mitigate those impacts. The capital-light market-based businesses continue to improve customer experience and generate cash, and simply put our business model and resulting investment thesis is built on fundamentals. And though all segments in the economy are being impacted by this health emergency, we see our business as resilient and we have built that in a way to endure these challenges. And with that, let me turn the call back to Walter for a few additional remarks.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Susan. I want to end by thanking American Water’s employees for everything they have accomplished in the first half of this year, especially since the beginning of our response is the pandemic in March. With safety as our top priority, we've continued to provide essential services in every community we serve. Through American Water and the American Water charitable foundation, we support many organizations across our footprint and make a difference for the communities we serve, including those that seek to foster a more equitable society. And as we always have, we continue to support an inclusive and diverse culture in American Water. All these efforts are in addition to executing of our strategies, investing in our systems, bringing water and wastewater solutions to new customers and communities and becoming fully operational at two new military bases. While there may be significant concerns in the market given COVID-19 and a variety of other factors, I'm pleased to report that our fundamental story of American Water remains the same and our performance remains consistent because of the incredible employees who work here. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Angie Storozynski with Seaport Global. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: So I have a question mostly about the guidance first. So just so unclear I mean on the GAAP level there is this positive offset through your - to the $0.05 hit from earnings. I mean – I am sorry from COVID related expenses. I don't have that benefit on an adjusted basis. So are you basically saying that even with that $0.05 hit I'm still within the adjusted EPS range or is there some other offset to that $0.05 hit on an adjusted basis?
Susan Hardwick: Let me address that and I think you've mostly got it right. I think what we've continued to try to say here is that the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share is what we believe to be expected results on a normalized basis. I think in the first quarter we called that adjusted because we were dealing with the depreciation issue in New York. Obviously the COVID estimates had not been fully vetted at that time. We now have a better insight as to what those COVID estimates are. But I think fundamentally, it's important to stay focused on that range of $3.79 to $3.89 which is where we believe we will end the year and whether you think about that as adjusted or as GAAP, I think it's important to note that's what we believe to be sort of normalized operations and that's what we've always said. We've gone to a GAAP guidance approach here, I think just to make it easier to understand and easier to follow what our guidance is. But there is no change from our expectation around sort of normalized results that range of $3.79 to $3.89.
Angie Storozynski: And my second question on the New York. I appreciate Walter's comments that the sale transaction continues. It seems like at least based on press reports there are some attempts to municipalize part of this system of your New York system. So do you expect that the transaction gets delayed by those potential reviews, so and how should think about it?
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thanks Angie. It’s Walter, how are you? Let me start by saying we're moving forward with the sale of New York American Water. The regulatory approval process is progressing. There have been some delays related to giving third parties an opportunity to submit alternate proposals to the sale and we've taken that into account when we look at the - what we're saying as far as the beginning of 2021. So we don't anticipate any other delays because it's a very tight time frame that they've given these communities an opportunity to submit alternate proposals. One proposal has been received so far we’re reviewing that, but Liberty and American Water committed to moving forward with the sale.
Angie Storozynski: Awesome. And lastly, I mean we keep waiting to see the intervener’s filings in your New Jersey rate case. I understand that they haven't been posted yet. So, can you give us at least a sense what are the key contentious points and how the rate case is going?
Walter Lynch: Well, the rate case is proceeding according to our anticipated schedule. We - the postings have not been published so we really can't comment on those. But just to say there is really nothing out of the ordinary in these.
Operator: The next question is from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Insoo Kim: My first question just following up on Angie’s questions on the guidance. I think, I understand that the moving pieces and longer term I do agree with the fact on an normalized basis that is what it is. But I guess just from apples-to-apples comparison versus the range that you have given out on adjusted basis as of first quarter. It seems like either the COVID expense impacts expectation is excluded from a – on apples-to-apples basis or with it you're essentially trending $0.05 to $0.08 below the original plan. You've talked about that you’re confident I think getting a lot of that back on the disconnect costs and whatnot if those things do not materialize what type of cost measures do you have to potentially offset this or is it something that you're just going to hold back and to deal with it in 2021?
Susan Hardwick: Walter, I can start there and you can certainly add.
Walter Lynch: Okay.
Susan Hardwick: I think as we again - we’ll just talk about guidance for a second, a couple of thoughts I would give you relative to this maybe add to Angie’s response. If we were continuing to provide adjusted guidance, we'll say using that terminology we would certainly look at these COVID costs as an item that we would adjust for. So, they would be considered part of that adjusted guidance just like we had done in New York. So, we would be adjusting for them and essentially saying they shouldn't be considered as part of normalized operations. And as we thought through that, we said it just makes more sense to go straight to GAAP guidance and say these are going to be the results on the books and they happen to be exactly the same guidance we've been providing all along on a normalized basis. Again, the $3.79 to $3.89, so we knew this is literally no change in guidance. So, again that's how we think about guidance. As it relates to sort of recovering, again we've got orders in 10 of 14 states and we’ve got proceedings in the other four that we believe will allow us fully to seek recovery of all of the costs associated with COVID with the exception of the lost demand revenue, that is really the piece that ultimately falls through in that $0.05 the lost demand portions that are on the regulated side of the business. So, again we're going to continue to work with regulators on recovery of the lost demand dollars and again we think it makes sense to work through the regulatory process on recovery before we start to again sort of arbitrarily reduce costs that again can have longer-term impacts on our ability to continue to deliver services. We think this is an event that has occurred during this period. We're hoping that we start to see some moderation of that exposure in the third quarter as I mentioned. So we believe there is some isolation to it and we can again sort of work with regulators to seek recovery. And cost reductions, while we continue to focus heavily on them as we outlined here, we've made progress again on the O&M efficiency ratio and we continue to focus very heavily on cost and our cost structure in the business. We think that's where our focus should be and not on sort of arbitrary reductions that could potentially affect our ability to work or service.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And…
Walter Lynch: The only thing I’d add to that, I’m sorry, go ahead.
Insoo Kim: My follow-up to this question was just going to be so when you do provide 2021 guidance, if there are any expectations of lingering COVID related impacts that will essentially be dogged out to provide more normalized GAAP guidance?
Susan Hardwick: Well again I think we'll continue to talk about any impacts we see from COVID. I mean that's what I think we're trying to do here is simply highlight for you the significant issues that affect results and in this particular year it's the New York depreciation issue and it's COVID. To the extent we see lingering impacts into 2021, we'll continue to talk about the impact of COVID and make it very transparent to you what those impacts might be and how we're addressing them, whether they be from a regulatory perspective or some other. I'm not saying that we will adjust for them. Again I'm a bit of a purist as it relates to reporting, I think GAAP results are the best indicator of performance and so we think transparency around GAAP results is the right approach and that's what we're doing here.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And just one follow-up if I may. I think there has been top from the campaign trail about increase clean energy plans and that's part of that just focus also on the water side and on water quality. How do you see that impacting or benefiting AWK from a rate base or having to manage expense - on an expense basis or is it still something that's more on a state-by-state basis that you’re working on?
Walter Lynch: Yes. It’s really more in a state-by-state basis. We continue to talk to the folks on a federal level about the ways that private water - American Water can help resolve some of the issues and the challenges in the water and waste water space. But it's largely driven by the states.
Operator: The next question is from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: I would just like to beat on that dead horse a little longer in terms of a cadence. But so you're kind of saying that the COVID impact’s been $0.05 so far, if you're looking in your crystal ball for the second half of the year, there is the potential for an additional $0.03, does that what - how should we - we should view that $0.05 to $0.08 full-year impact of GAAP that you're talking about?
Susan Hardwick: Yes. I think that's fair Jonathan. Now as I said in the release and our remarks today, there is obviously a lot of unknowns and we will track this just like we do. It's a changing landscape every single day. But we have an expectation that the largest portion of the impact again this $0.05 or $0.04 on the regulated side is really driven by demand changes, and we expect that to start to moderate. Again, we've started to see employees return to work across our territory. We've seen industrial demand start to come back up. I think commercial is probably the biggest variable to be honest with you as you think about restaurants and some of the smaller commercial enterprises. They’re likely going to have a little bit longer recovery period. So, I think that is the biggest variable. Our current view is that we'll see some of that moderation here in the third quarter. So that $0.05 to $0.08 range we've given around COVID really reflects that set of assumptions. That’s for the balance of the year. Again, we should be able to sort of contain it within those that range, so that's our current thinking.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And for some reason you are successful getting regulators to support recovery of that lost revenue and that will represent essentially that $0.05 to $0.08 of upside to the GAAP.
Susan Hardwick: Right Now, again - yes, as you think about how that process may play out though obviously we'll - we are working with regulations currently and we'll continue to do so. We'll have to work through a process to get those dollars reflected for recovery, so it may take a bit of time where there has been quick action by regulators to-date literally across the country as you know. The regulatory community has been very supportive of the process to identify a need for a solution here around particularly around disconnects and that sort of thing. The lost revenue piece is sort of another layer of challenge that we need to work through with regulators and that may take a bit of time. But yes, I mean if we can work through that, there is potential upside there. And as I mentioned in the script or in our prepared remarks, it may have been sort of a subtle comment, at the state level, we have recorded these lost revenues as recoverable items. We just took a conservative view with the parent and said we don't have regulatory orders in place to support it yet. So at the consolidated level, we did not record those regulatory assets. But we certainly expect to work through it with regulators and we'll see what progress we can make.
Jonathan Reeder: And then is the $12 million regulatory asset that has been recorded on the cost side, does that assume the other four states. I mean I know Missouri is the only kind of significant size one in there. But does that assume that those four also I guess approve the cost recovery at least to recover?
Susan Hardwick: Well. Yes. We certainly have taken lots of guidance from our discussions with regulators in those states. We have had actually an ongoing conversation with them from the beginning. We certainly filed petition that would support that approach. We have lots of precedents obviously in our other 10 states as well as other states across the country. So again we're not trying to predict what regulators will do necessarily, but we certainly believe we've got good support for that approach and it is reflected in the accounting that we've done today.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And that…
Walter Lynch: Let me…
Jonathan Reeder: I’m sorry Walter, go ahead.
Walter Lynch: No. Go ahead, go ahead Jon, then I’ll jump in.
Jonathan Reeder: It’s not. Go ahead by all means.
Walter Lynch: Yes. I just want to emphasize that again we run this business for the long-term and we're going to continue to focus on those cost reductions that benefit our customers, our employees in the long-term. Its part of our culture we've been doing it for many years. We're going to continue to do it. You can see the O&M efficiency continues to improve and that's really important the way we run the business. So, I just wanted to emphasize that for this call.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes. That kind of actually squeezed into my thoughts. So, I mean I know you guys do run a very lean shop and everything, but your comments around kind of make an arbitrary cost reductions that could impact long-term quality versus other utilities out there that seemed to be finding these cost offsets, that they say won’t impact service quality, is that just because you already feel like you run super lean where you don't have this low hanging fruit just to kind of offset the lost sales impact and therefore not have to go back to the world to ask customers to pick it up. You are already running super lean and that's why you feel like any additional cuts could impact the quality?
Walter Lynch: Jon, I could only speak for our company, Jonathan, but we've been on this journey now for a dozen years focused on efficiencies and we're going to continue to do that, but again we're going to make the decisions in the context of what's right for our company, for our employees, for our customers and that's really what guides our decisions.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Walter Lynch: Thanks.
Susan Hardwick: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Walter Lynch for any closing remarks.
Walter Lynch: Well, thank you. I'm going to defer right now to Ed Vallejo. He has a few comments to make.
Ed Vallejo: Thanks, Walter. Well, as you all know, one of the ways American Water grows is by developing our employees and that's a great thing. So, now it's with mixed feelings today that I must share with you that Ralph Jedlicka, our IR Director for the last 3.5 years will be moving on to join our Treasury team to continue his development as a financial executive at American Water, and vice versa coming to us from the Treasury team, Mike Tavani will be joining the IR team. Mike is a CFA holder and he is experienced in Treasury at P&A and internal audit. You all will be meeting Mike virtually at least as we talk to you all over the next couple of weeks. So, Ralph, thank you for dedication and your sense of humor and most importantly for your counsel and friendship. Abbey, Kelley and I know that you'll be a great addition to the Treasury team. So, Godspeed as you continue your journey my friend. Walter?
Walter Lynch: Okay. Thanks. Congratulations, Ralph and Mike. Okay. So, thank you for joining on our call today. We value your participation and the work you do on behalf of your clients. We hope our open and transparent discussions give you confidence in our company and in the investment in our stock. If you have any additional questions, please call the IR team. They'll be happy to answer them. Thanks again and be safe.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations Web site. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 14, 2020. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen in by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10142727. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations Web site at ir.amwater.com/events.I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Sean. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. During this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements.Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors, as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our March 31, 2020 Form 10-Q, each has filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio, can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, the slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page on our Web site. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share.I should also note that consistent with our efforts to ensure the safety and health of our team, we're conducting this call while practicing social distancing and from remote locations. As an example, Walter and Susan are in separate locations. We don't anticipate any technical issues. But if for any reason technical issues do arise, Walter will take over and lead us through the full presentation.That being said, I will now turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Walter Lynch.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, I'll start by giving you a brief update on our COVID-19 response and then provide key updates on our business. Susan Hardwick, our CFO, will cover the first quarter financial results and provide a few additional comments related to the implications of COVID-19. As you know, American Water provides clean, safe, reliable water and wastewater services and is continuing to do so throughout this pandemic. American Water’s established clear priorities across our organization, focused in three areas; the first is the care and safety of our employees and their families; the second is the safety of our customers and the communities we serve; and the third area of focus is the execution of our preparedness plans, so we can continue to provide essential services and help our communities get through this crisis.Let me give some examples that the measures we've implemented. Because safety is our top priority, we've implemented required work from home policy where possible, as well as social distancing and other enhanced safety measures for employees and customers. For example, we've suspended all nonemergency and home appointments and limited the amount and nature of contact with customers during field appointments. We've also worked hand in hand with labor across the business and supported our employees with paid leave for COVID-19 diagnosis, quarantines and childcare.We suspended billing related service shut offs, suspended late fees and have restored service to customers who were previously shut off for nonpayment. We're also working with customers who are experiencing financial hardships by offering customer assistance programs and access to low income programs. Susan will cover this a bit more later, but we've implemented actions to strengthen our liquidity and ensure access to capital. We also continue to execute on our core strategies, such as making needed capital investment. We've increased communications with public service commissions, customers and public officials. As the COVID-19 impact continues to be assessed, American Water will work constructively with public service commissions as they look to address utility response measures, customer protection and cost recovery for all regulated utilities in their jurisdictions.Finally, we provided $500,000 donation to the American Water Charitable Foundation to help fund COVID-19 relief efforts across the United States. This was in addition to $100,000 donation made to feeding America to help support food banks. We understand we have a very important role during this crisis. We provide water and wastewater services for hygiene, hospitals, sanitation and fire protection. We thank all our employees for continuing to provide these essential services.Moving on to first quarter results. The employees of American Water delivered solid results and further strengthened our low risk profile and predictable growth story. Our first quarter 2020 adjusted earnings per share increased 9.8% compared to first quarter 2019. We invested capital of $457 million in the first quarter of 2020, which is 36% increase over the same period last year. This increase is driven by the continued investment in our systems and the communities we serve, along with more favorable construction weather this year versus last.As you know, we work hard to minimize the customer bill impacts of these investments through our continued focus on controlling O&M costs. I'll talk more in a moment about our regulated operations, our continuing progress in regulated acquisitions and their contributions to our long-term growth story. Our market based businesses were up a penny in earnings per share. This was due primarily to growth in customer contracts from homeowner services. As a reminder, in the third quarter of 2019, our military services group was awarded two military contracts, Joint Base San Antonio in Texas and the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. We're on track to assume operations by the second quarter of 2020.Moving to Slide 7, the foundation of our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations to provide clean, safe and reliable service to our customers. We believe that long-term financial success depends on effectively executing the fundamentals of our business every day. We plan to invest $20 billion to $22 billion in capital over the next 10 years to ensure the quality and reliability of our services, and to bring water and wastewater solutions to communities across the country.We're affirming our long-term EPS compound annual growth rate in the 7% to 10% range. We also expect our 2020 adjusted earnings to be in the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share. This is the same range we communicated in February, which should have been identified as an adjusted EPS range. Our GAAP earnings are expected to be in the range of $3.85 to $3.95 per share. In her comments, Susan will provide additional information about the difference between our GAAP and adjusted guidance ranges.Also, consistent with our previous dividend guidance, on April 29th, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend payment from $0.50 per share to $0.55 per share, a 10% increase. We understand that a secure and growing dividend is important to our shareholders, while striking the right balance with continued investment in our regulated operations.Turning to Slide 8. Let's walk through some of the regulatory highlights of the first quarter of 2020. Pennsylvania American Water filed a general rate case last week, requesting $92 million in the first year and $46 million in the second year. Since our last case in 2017, Pennsylvania American Water will have invested $1.64 billion in infrastructure upgrades for the four year period of 2019 through 2022, including replacing more than 427 miles of aging water and sewer pipes.The case also includes enhancements to our Customer Assistance Program. Traditionally, the public utility commission's review of the filing may take up to nine months, and new rates would not be effective until 2021. Also, in Pennsylvania, the Public Utility Commission approved the company's revision to its wastewater DSIC. This action allows the DSIC to be applied to another 50 thousand wastewater customers effective May 1st. We also have three pending rate cases in New Jersey, Virginia and California.New Jersey American Water filed the general rate case in December 2019, requesting in overall revenue increase of approximately $88 million, excluding the revenue from DSIC. Since our last rate case, we've invested more than $1 billion in system upgrades. Virginia American Water filed a general rate case requesting an overall revenue increase of $5.6 million in November 2018. This case was driven by approximately $98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April 2017. Interim rates became effective on May 1, 2019 and we expect the decision later this year.Moving West, California America Water filed for new rates in July 2019. The case covers 2021 through 2023 and request an increase in authorized revenue of $46.6 million over three years. The request seeks $197 million for infrastructure improvements planned for 2021 and 2022. Due to COVID-19, the evidentiary hearings were moved from April and May to early June with final hearing dates expected in late August. We now expect the decision on this case as early as first quarter of 2021. In addition, we filed a motion for interim rates to be effective back to January 1, 2021.On the legislative front, during the quarter, Indiana Governor Holcomb signed two bills; the first one authorizes recovery for above ground infrastructure without a full rate case; and the second establishes an appraisal process for non-ministry utilities to establish fair value and a reasonable purchase price. In West Virginia, Governor Justice signed a water and wastewater investment and Infrastructure Improvement Act. Effective June 5th, this legislation creates a voluntary process to use fair value assessments to determine the value of the water or wastewater systems, enables combined water and wastewater rate making and expands how municipalities can use the proceeds they receive from selling utility assets to better address needs in their communities.Finally, in Virginia, Governor Northam signed fair market value legislation, which will go into effect on July 1st. This is now the ninth state that has adopted fair market value legislation across our footprint. All this legislation is focused on helping communities and utilities address water and wastewater challenges.Moving to Slide 9. Customers remain at the center of every decision we make today and into the future. This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. As I mentioned earlier, in the first quarter we invested $457 million with the majority in our regulated businesses, including $432 million in infrastructure investment and $21 million in regulated acquisitions.As we make these critical investments to maintain reliable service, we must also ensure affordability for our customers. We'll continue to focus on O&M efficiency and work toward our O&M efficiency goal of 31.3% by 2024. For the 12 month period ended March 31, 2020, our O&M efficiency ratio improved to 34.5% compared to 35.5% for the 12 month period ended March 31, 2019.Now, to put this into perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they were in 2010. Since then, we've added approximately 276,000 customer connections, while expenses only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.7%. We're very proud of our employees’ focus and commitment to controlling costs on behalf of our customers, especially given the current situation and economic challenges some of our customers are now facing.Moving on to Slide 10. We believe our commitment to putting customers first is a key to growing our regulated footprint. So far in 2020, we've closed on five acquisitions in four different states, adding about 6,200 new customer connections. We've also added more than 3,200 customer connections through organic growth in the first quarter. We look forward to adding another 45,800 customer connections through currently signed agreements in eight states, most of which we expect to close this year in 2020. These new agreements reflect our commitment to provide water and wastewater solutions to communities across our footprint.And with that, let me now turn it over to Susan.
Susan Hardwick: Thank you, Walter and good morning, everyone. Let me first start on Slide 12 with a bit more detail on results for the quarter. First quarter 2020 consolidated GAAP earnings were $0.68 compared to $0.62 per share in 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, GAAP earnings were adjusted for depreciation expense that would have been recorded in the quarter related to the New York subsidiary assets, had they not been classified for accounting purposes as assets held for sale. Also, 2019 GAAP earnings were adjusted for a reduction in the settlement liability related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill.Excluding these two adjustments, earnings per share as adjusted increased $0.06 per share or 9.8%, driven primarily by growth in the regulated business. The regulated business segment results increased $0.08 per share or an increase of 13.6% compared to 2019 earnings. The market based business results increased a penny per share and the parent company decreased $0.03 per share compared to 2019, primarily reflecting higher interest expense to support growth in the business.Moving on to Slide 13. Regulated operations increased $0.08 per share in total. We saw $0.14 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investment, acquisition and organic growth. O&M expense increased $0.06 per share and depreciation increased $0.03 per share, both to support regulated acquisitions and growth. Also, results reflected $0.03 per share benefit primarily related to lower pension expense from a higher assumed return on assets used to set expense for 2020.The market based business’s first quarter results increase compared to 2019, primarily by the homeowner services group’s organic growth and contract price increase. Also, as Walter already mentioned, we expect Joint Base San Antonio and the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York to assume operations by the second quarter of 2020. And finally, the parent results decreased $0.03 per share, primarily reflecting higher interest expense to support growth in the regulated business.Moving on to Slide 14. The regulated businesses received $53 million in annualized new revenue in 2020, and this includes $18 million from step increases and $35 million from infrastructure surcharges. We've also found requests and are waiting final orders on the four rate cases and three infrastructure surcharge proceedings for a total annualized revenue request of $224 million. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver on these financial results.And before I wrap up on Slide 15, let me add a few additional thoughts related to the expected implications of COVID-19. First, as it relates to demand for our services, American Water has a predominantly residential customer base, residential revenues, including bulk sales are about 69%. Commercial is 21%, mostly in the food and beverage sector and industrial is only 4% of our total revenue. Our very early indications are that our residential load is higher and our commercial and industrial loads are trending down as businesses closed and certain other slowdowns occur.Disconnections in late fees have been suspended and disconnection notices have stopped, as Walter mentioned earlier. We've also reconnected customers previously disconnected for nonpayment and suspended reconnection fees. This is critical to our customers as they work through this difficult situation and we currently don't expect the impact of this temporary measure to be material.It's too early to tell how customers’ overall ability to pay will be impacted by COVID-19, so estimated uncollectible accounts exposure to this risk is not yet possible. As is evidenced by regulatory actions across the country to-date, we expect issues like this will be addressed timely and certainly, in future rate cases at the very least. We will work closely with regulators in our jurisdictions on how the cost of this pandemic will be treated for recovery purposes.As Walter mentioned, we invested capital of $457 million in the first quarter of 2020 to better serve our customers. At this point, we believe our regularly scheduled capital projects will continue as planned, perhaps with some slowdowns that could be made up later in the year. So I don't believe we'll have any adjustments to our 2020 CapEx levels at this time.We continue to monitor our key suppliers and today have had no major disruptions to our supply chain. Our key distributors are reporting an excess inventory in materials like pipes, valves, hydrants, couplings and our chemical providers are meeting our needs and are reporting those shortages as of this point.As we think about the impact of COVID-19 on our market based businesses for military services, O&M operations currently continue as normal, subject to each installation’s individual requirements. As you know, our services are deemed essential so we continue to do what the Department of Defense has hired us to do, which is to deliver safe, clean and reliable water to our military base partners.For homeowner services, while development of new partner relationships maybe delayed somewhat, we believe we can maintain our customer base during periods of economic downturn. And that homeowners really do see value in these products that protect them against large unexpected expenses. And perhaps maybe one final comment before I talk about how we've addressed liquidity. I simply mentioned that our pension plans were funded at just over 80% as of year-end 2019. And though there's been much volatility in the equity markets, as you all know, I’d remind you that the pension obligation remeasurement will be done at the end of 2020.Moving to Slide 16, as it relates to liquidity. Obviously, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused great deal of uncertainty and volatility in the debt capital markets. And like many others, we experienced some constraints in the commercial paper market and we have now seen a general loosening in that area. We've been focused on liquidity since this situation really accelerated. In addition to our existing $2.25 billion revolving credit facility that supports working capital needs and capital spending, on March the 20th, we entered into $750 million 364 day term loan at a very favorable rate of LIBOR plus 80 basis points. We have drawn on that term loan at $500 million and we’re holding that amount in cash currently.As part of our planned financing for 2020, we executed on the issuance of $1 billion in long-term debt on April 14th. The issue consisted of $500 million in 2.8% coupon senior notes due 2030 and $500 million and 3.45% coupon senior notes due 2050. The proceeds from the long-term debt issuance were used primarily to repay outstanding commercial paper obligations and outstanding draws against our revolving credit facility. We're confident we have sufficient liquidity available for the foreseeable future with $2.8 billion available at the end of April.Moving on to Slide 17, let me summarize now. As Walter said, we expect our 2020 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share, which is consistent with the guidance range we last announced in February 2020, and which should have been identified as an adjusted guidance range at that time.Our 2020 GAAP earnings guidance range is $3.85 to $3.95 per share. The difference of $0.06 relates to the expected annual depreciation on the New York subsidiary assets, which have been presented as assets held for sale. With the accounting treatment of assets held for sale, GAAP requires a depreciation [fees] on those assets. And the only adjustment currently anticipated between our expected GAAP results and our expected adjusted earnings per share results is that $0.06 of depreciation expense. We've reflected $0.01 per share of that in first quarter reconciliation of GAAP EPS to adjusted EPS.As Walter also mentioned, we are affirming our long-term earnings compounded annual growth rate expectation on an earnings per share basis in the range of 7% to 10%, while investing capital in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.4 billion over the next five years. The decades of capital investment needs continue and drives are $20 billion to $22 billion of investment over the next 10 years. The fragmented water and wastewater landscape continues to provide what we see as a growing pipeline for acquisition.The capital light market based businesses continue to increase customer experience and generate cash. And simply put, our business model and resulting investment thesis is built on fundamentals. And though all segments of the economy are being impacted by this crisis, we see our business as quite resilient and we have built it in a way to endure challenges like this.Finally, moving on to Slide 18. We're working through these very different and turbulent times, we continue to deliver strong consolidated results. Our total company consolidated actual return on equity is 10.6% for the 12 months ended March 31, 2020. Regulatory execution along with strong results from our market based businesses allows us to consistently deliver on our earnings commitment. We believe that delivering on results, combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend growth expectations, continue to provide excellent value for our investors.We continue to be a top leader in dividend growth. With our announced increase in dividend of 10%, we have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 10% or more over the last five years, and we expect to continue that growth well into the 7% to 10% range. Also, we continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings.And with that, let me simply turn it back to Walter for a few additional remarks.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. It's been a month since I've had the honor of leading this company as CEO. I want to take a moment to thank all the employees of American Water. Their response to the current health crisis has been simply incredible. Not only are we providing essential services while keeping safety as our top priority, we've invested in water and wastewater systems, welcome new customers who close acquisitions and work with state leaders, regulators and other key officials.We've also had a significant increase in customer satisfaction. We've achieved all this since the beginning of the year. Our company will emerge strong from this COVID-19 pandemic. How we work together throughout this crisis will have a lasting positive impact on our culture of trust and teamwork. I personally can't wait to once again get out to our business, to our plants, to our operating centers, to our call centers and say thanks to our employees. They're simply the best.And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today will come from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe appreciate all the color, just any quantifiable trends, I know it's early on the regulated side in terms of, you mentioned residential demand being higher and commercial industrial perhaps slower. But any quantifiable trends into April and in your regulated subsidiaries? And then also, are you seeing any nonpayments or no payments in your market based businesses? I know it's early on, but anyhow you could provide I’d appreciate it.
Walter Lynch: Susan, you want to take that and then I'll jump in at the end.
Susan Hardwick: Let me make just a few comments, Durgesh. And again, I would reiterate it is early. And as we think about across all of our jurisdictions the various states implemented restrictions and stay at home orders at different times. So obviously, depending on when that occurred in each of our jurisdictions that's going to impact when we really started to see a shift in demand expectations. I’d again reiterate what I said in our prepared remarks, roughly 70% of our load is residential and as you can imagine, obviously, folks are at home. So we are seeing in our early data that residential sales are up.And again, I’d hesitate to quantify it because it's still so early. In some cases, we may have six weeks worth of demand data. In other cases, we may only have three or four weeks, again, depending on when those measures were put in place. And in some cases, we have real time meters, some cases we don't. So we have to wait until we have actual billing data. But we certainly are seeing residential usage up.On the commercial side, again, it depends on the jurisdiction and depends on the mix of customers in a particular state. But as you can imagine, commercial is trending down, because of business closures, restaurant closing et cetera. And on the industrial side, while in a particular state it could be a material change. And I'll give an example in Kentucky, we've got a large plant there an auto manufacturer. So in the State of Kentucky, we're seeing a pretty substantial decline in industrial sales, because of the concentration there. But overall, our industrial sales makeup is only about 4% of our total.So again, as you sort of roll all that together, residential is up, the other two are down. Our current thinking is that they may tend to offset each other. But I think it also depends on how long this goes. It depends on sort of a variety of factors in each of the jurisdictions. So, again, I'm not getting directly to your quantify it but hopefully, a bit more color there is helpful. On the collection side, again, I'd say it's too early to really see much on the regulated side and we certainly haven't seen anything on the market base side either that gives us immediate concern about collection. On the market based side in particular, I don't think we expect much in the way of difficulties there.Again, we think customers appreciate and are willing to sort of stay with these programs, because it helps them avoid unexpected future expenditures. So we're quite confident we'll be able to retain customers, and with that goes the ability to collect on the fees under those contracts.
Walter Lynch: And I think the key to the usage, again, back to what Susan was talking about is when do these states get back to normal, when do they start opening up. A lot of the commercial establishments and industrial and obviously, we're tracking that very closely as we work with the governor's offices and our plants and working with them.
Durgesh Chopra: And then maybe just real data from the timing of the New York American Water sale. Is that still expected to close? I believe it was late this year. Is that still on track?
Walter Lynch: Yes, we're still moving forward with the sale. There's no delay in the regulatory process. And we're working very well with Liberty and we expected to closing that late this year or early in 2021, Durgesh .
Durgesh Chopra: And then just final one for me, I apologize. In terms of just, some of your peers have talked O&M savings, Walter and Susan, just folks staying on home, less mileage expense. That's expenses in general travel, meals, et cetera. Are you seeing that? And sort of what was the experience, I guess, maybe it's still early to talk about. But any color into what you might have seen versus original plan year-to-date in terms of those expense savings?
Walter Lynch: Well, let me start and then I'll hand it off to Susan. Durgesh, as you know, in my prepared remarks in over the years we focused very closely on O&M expenses. And so that's part of our culture. We're going to continue to do that. We're going to continue to drive O&M expenses down. So that when we invest, we're asking our customers to pay for that investment and not the O&M cost. So again, it’s part of our culture, we just -- it’s embedded, everybody understands it. And that's, again, the continued focus that we're going to have in this business, not just during the pandemic, as you know. So I'll ask Susan for additional comments.
Susan Hardwick: I think, Walter, you're right on target. The only thing I would add, maybe just as a specific example and you mentioned travel one, obviously, we've implemented no travel across all of our jurisdictions. But what you might not be thinking about is added PPE that we've added for all of our employees, including office employees. So there's added expense there, while we may have saved in other areas. So, the bigger picture is we are still on target for our earnings expectations for the year, and I think our ability to navigate all the variables. And the result as our expectations remain the same, I think that gives a pretty good indication of how we're managing.
Operator: Now our next question will come from Richard Verdi with Coker and Palmer.
Richard Verdi: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my call. And Walter, I just wanted to say congrats on your first call as CEO of the company. It was great so far. I just wanted to start very quickly with the military operation. Typically, its turnaround on new contracts can take 12 to 18 months and it's the same with your peers obviously. And so it just seems kind of quick of a turnaround that we're going to start to see work being done here in the second quarter of 2020. And I was just wondering if you talk a little bit about what made that turnaround so quick, and when we could start to maybe see positive impact on the financials from such turnaround?
Walter Lynch: On our two new bases, we've been in transition services since we got the award. And we worked very well at both installations with Joint Base San Antonio and West Point, showing the value to the communities. And we're going to be starting full operations, as I said in my prepared remarks in the second quarter. So, I think it's the trust and confidence that they have in our military services group to take over their water and wastewater systems and do it in a professional and amazing way as our group does with our military services group.So again, we're really proud to have those two new installations, particularly West Point, one of the most important military installations in the country. I'm a graduate of West Point [Multiple Speakers] I’d like to say that. But no, we're really proud of our military services group. They've developed a tremendous reputation and brand with the government. And I think it’s the confidence that they have in our group that's move those forward as quickly as we have.
Richard Verdi: And then kind of follow-up to that. What sort of indication has the company received on potential delays in new rewards, and new bases being awarded because of the COVID crisis? Has there any at all or what's kind of going on in there?
Walter Lynch: So we're in five active solicitations right now. And we expect still this year to hear on three of those. So we're not seeing any measurable delay on behalf of the government and moving those forward.
Richard Verdi: And then for the municipal acquisition front, do you think that COVID could cause, I mean what's the feeling internally there where COVID causes municipalities to somewhat become cash straps and maybe accelerate the sales of their water systems to American Water?
Walter Lynch: Well, we believe looking at the impact of COVID-19 crisis we're going to have on communities that there are going to be a lot of municipalities that are facing financial challenges. And so when you look at what the efforts that we've put in already over the years of building our pipeline. And again our pipeline is 650,000 customer connections. We've worked on fair market value legislation, we've worked on water quality accountability legislation. And when you really add this COVID-19 crisis and we think it will have an impact on the number of communities that we're having discussions with, so being able to show what we can do and providing solutions for them. We do think it's going to have an impact on those discussions, absolutely.
Richard Verdi: And then just the last question here, thank you for the time. When you look at the guidance for the year of 3.79 to 3.89, and you look into the model, and you also think back to the Analyst Day, of how the company now intends to issue equity at some point over the next five years. Debt to capital is targeted to come down to 59% to 60% range over time, and then we have a CapEx plan and then there's also COVID. At least in my model, when you start to bring down diluted earnings per share below that 3.79 figure into low 3.70s, the flow through impact of that is that your operating cash drops. And you either need to make up for that by issuing debt, which will increase your debt to total capital before you issue more equity, which could possibly dilute the EPS growth rate or you peel back on CapEx. And no one knows what -- you guys are doing a great job obviously so far, but no one knows. If you go on for a long time, it could be really unfavorable. So let's just assume a doomsday scenario. What would be the for -- where would the company look to try to remedy the situation, but also try to keep the long-term growth guidance in range? Does the company say okay, we're going to let our debt ratios maybe kind of at risk and further credit downgrades, do we issue more equity, do we peel back CapEx. I'm sure you guys have kind of ran scenarios internally there. What's kind of a doomsday scenario, what would be a strategy that occurred?
Walter Lynch: Susan, you want to take that one?
Susan Hardwick: Rich, there's a lot in that question, obviously. And I'd start with just simply saying that where we are today, we are confident in our ability to hit all of the various targets we've laid out. And I think we said that sort of throughout our remarks. We like I'm sure everyone has done a variety of scenarios and in sort of worst case, best case types of analyses. And that's just good financial planning. I would say to you that as you outline them in all of your remarks, we would have many levers to pull. And I'm probably not going to comment beyond that.I just think the strength of the balance sheet and the strength of our credit, the diversity of our operations, there's a whole variety of things about our business model that are set up in a way that makes it possible for us to navigate through situations like this. I made the comment in my remarks that, again, we're built on fundamentals, and we believe this is a very resilient business and I believe that's absolutely true. So to the extent we've got to look at different approaches to manage whatever crises come along, I'm confident in our ability to do so.
Richard Verdi: And I just actually have one more question, I'll wrap it up with this. Can you guys just refresh my memory again, please with the 3.79 to 3.89 guidance, assuming that was created around a magic number of an expectation of 3.84 for the end of the year, the midpoint of the guidance. What must happen from that 3.84 for actually 3.79 to be reportable? What would need to happen to have that low end of the guidance to be reported?
Walter Lynch: Susan, you want to take that -- I mean, mostly it’s weather impact, as you know…
Susan Hardwick: Yes, that's all I would say. Yes, I just think just variables like that, that are beyond our control. And that's why we give a range to be able to account for things like that. I think weather would be the largest potential impact.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder: Good morning, Walter and Susan. Hope you're having a good day morning. It was nice for Susan to step aside right when a pandemic was coming down the pike towards your, right? I know you just, you expect constructive treatment. But have any of your largest states, like PA or New Jersey, Missouri, Illinois, taking concrete action with respect to [Technical Difficulty] recovery of incremental COVID-19 costs?
Susan Hardwick: And I'm going to get to sort of an analysis here we've done. We've actually obviously been active with regulators across all the jurisdictions, monitoring their actions and then we certainly developed our own strategy on how we would approach. But we know for certain that California, Maryland, Virginia, have addressed. They've already issued orders on cost deferrals. We have pending proceedings in Illinois and Iowa to do similarly. And we have discussions ongoing in every state but Hawaii, it was just it’s easier and probably say the ones that we don't have. So active discussions or actions already taken across our jurisdictions.
Jonathan Reeder: And then Walter, can you maybe talk about the calculus on year-end, as well as the feedback in the states where you have major requests pending. I think you're planning on filing another major rate case yet this year in, I guess it’s Missouri or Illinois. But any apprehension with being in for rates of many customers are facing these economic hardships. You've seen some companies kind of defer filing requests or extend out the timeline, stuff like that. But it sounds like for you guys, it's kind of full steam ahead in some regards?
Walter Lynch: Jonathan, let me say first that we're very sensitive to the situation that our customers are facing right now. We've been investing as you know, significant amounts in our systems. And this is really getting to recovering that investment. And if you look to Pennsylvania, I know we did file last week but those rates will not be effective for eight to 10 months. So we took that into consideration as we made that decision. New Jersey was already filed in December, so we continue to work with the commission on that and in Virginia and California the same. But we did look at that very closely. But again because of the timing, we felt like filing now for an outcome that's in 2021 is a reasonable decision in our view.
Susan Hardwick: And Walter I might just add to that that we certainly are working closely with regulators around this very question. And we have not received direction or signals really from regulators that we should not proceed sort of as usual. So that's a different answer than customer considerations. It's really just also taking into account what regulators are expecting, and we've not really been pushed to delay the normal process as well.
Jonathan Reeder: And then the last question really is just on the military front. Do you expect any new bases will be awarded through the RFP process later this year and either AWK or one of your competitors?
Walter Lynch: Yes, that's right Jonathan. Of the five that we're pursuing, all indications are they’ll award three this year.
Operator: This will conclude today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Walter Lynch for any closing remarks.
Walter Lynch: Well, thank you all for participating in our call today. Please know that we value as Investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all our discussions and dealings with you. So you have confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we've not been able to address your question or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph and they'll be happy to help. Stay safe and thanks again for listening. Have a nice day, everybody.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water’s fourth quarter and year-end 2019 earnings conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with a company slide presentation through the company’s Investor Relations website.  Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through February 26 of 2020. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen in by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10138592. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water’s Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you Chuck and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for today’s call. As usual at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for any of your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions; however, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors, as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our December 31, 2019 Form 10-K, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed in this conference call, including adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity, and our adjusted regulated ONM efficiency ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page. All statements in this call and related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. With that, I will now turn the call over to American Water’s President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today, our COO and CEO-elect, Walter Lynch will give key updates on our operations and our CFO, Susan Hardwick will cover the fourth quarter and full year financial results.  As you know, this is my last earnings call and I’m excited to say something I’ve had the privilege of repeating on every earnings call since May of 2014 - yet again, American Water employees delivered strong results as we continue to grow our business and execute on our strategies. I’ve said many times that very few people get the opportunity and privilege of working with their heroes every day, and I do. The amazing people of American Water consistently deliver outstanding service and results, and they do with incredibly inspiring commitment and dedication to our customers and to our communities. Now let me highlight just a few of our 2019 accomplishments. We continued our strong financial performance. Adjusted earnings were up 9.4% year over year with strong growth in both our regulated and market-based businesses. We added 67,000 customer connections in our regulated business in 2019 through both closed acquisitions and organic growth, and just over the past seven weeks in 2020 we have closed an addition 5,100 customer connections. Walter will cover this in detail, but we closed on a total of 21 acquisitions in eight different states in 2019. We are proud to truly be providing solutions across the United States. We want communities to be better because we’re there, and we’re excited to welcome our new customers and our new employees to the American Water family. In addition to these closed acquisitions, we will welcome more than 44,000 new customer connections already under agreement over the next several months. Our growth wouldn’t be possible without being customer obsessed and being the best at the fundamentals of delivering safe, reliable and affordable water and wastewater services to our customers. We invested about $1.9 billion in 2019 with $1.7 billion going into our existing regulated infrastructure and $235 million for regulated acquisitions. We work to be as efficient as possible in both our O&M costs and in our capital projects work, and by leveraging our buying power and strategic sourcing to keep customer bills affordable. We continue to implement practical technology tools for our frontline employees to enhance their ability to serve our customers more effectively, and we’re also working on customer interfaces that deliver a highly personalized and satisfying customer experience. Moving to our market-based businesses, homeowner services continued its strong performance, most recently launching a partnership with the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission. This represents about 100,000 potential new customers for that business, and as you know, we were extremely honored in 2019 to be awarded the Department of Defense contracts for water and wastewater systems at both Joint Base San Antonio in Texas and the United States Military Academy at West Point in New York. We now provide water and wastewater services on 16 military bases across the U.S., and it is a true honor to serve the men and women who serve our country. We also announced in November an agreement to sell our New York American Water subsidiary to Liberty Utilities Company, and in December we completed the sale of our Keystone operations.  Moving to Slide 6, with our continued strong performance and our commitment to the disciplined execution of our strategies, we are affirming our 2020 EPS guidance initiated this past December of $3.79 to $3.89 per share and our long-term five-year growth of 7% to 10%, and for the sixth year in a row our board of directors approved a dividend increase that is at the high end of our long term growth.  We remain a regulated water utility at our core with a low risk and predictable growth story further enhanced with a strong ESG performance record. We plan to invest $20 billion to $22 billion in capital over the next 10 years. This includes replacing pipe, pumps and plants, and it also includes investing in critical resiliency and asset hardening projects related to climate variability. Again, this will be balanced by our continuing O&M and capital cost efficiency efforts, constructive regulatory and legislative policy, and technology deployment.  The successful execution of our strategies has enabled us to achieve a five-year total shareholder return of 156% compared to the S&P 500’s five-year TSR of 74%. Strong financial performance is a direct outcome of our steadfast focus on and execution of the fundamentals of our business. Moving to Slide 7, let me talk just a moment about how we deliver results. It is our firm belief that companies do well by doing good. Just last month, we were named to the Global 100 Index as one of the World’s 100 Most Sustainable Companies. American Water ranked 16th, fourth among only 17 total U.S. companies of any sector making the list, and the only U.S.-based utility. We were also just named for the third year in a row to Barron’s 100 Most Sustainable Companies as the highest ranked utility. We are extremely proud of these recognitions as they validate from external sources our deep commitment to being an ESG leader. This slide lists several of our most recent 2019 and 2020 ESG recognitions. We know that investors are actively searching for companies who deliver strong financial results while they also fully engage and develop employees, continually improve customer experiences, protect the planet, and make communities stronger because they’re there. When these things are in the fabric of your culture and you also excel at the fundamentals of your business, long-term financial sustainability follows, and this is why we are confident in our business and our growth for the future. With that, I will turn the call over to Walter to give a more detailed update on our regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan, and good morning everyone. Our regulated businesses had a strong fourth quarter with significant capital investment, strategic acquisitions, and continued O&M efficiency.  Turning to Slide 9, there was a substantial amount of progress on the regulatory front throughout 2019 and continuing into 2020. In 2019, we concluded four rate cases in Indiana, Kentucky, West Virginia, and Maryland. In total, these four casers included more than $860 million of capital investment to provide reliable service for our customers. They also reflect a concerted effort in cost management, which I’ll speak to shortly. We have three pending rate cases in New Jersey, Virginia and California. In December 2019, New Jersey American Water filed a general rate case requesting an overall revenue increase of approximately $88 million excluding the revenue from the distribution system improvement charge, or DSIC. Since our last rate case in 2018, we have or will invest more than $1 billion in system upgrades, including 95 miles of water mains which is critical to water quality, reliability and fire protection. That level of investment also addresses New Jersey American Water’s compliance with the state’s Water Quality Accountability Act. In November 2018, Virginia American Water filed a general rate case requesting an overall revenue increase of $5.6 million driven by approximately $98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April 2017. Interim rates became effective on May 1, 2019 and we expect a decision later this year. Moving west, California American Water filed for new rates in July 2019. The case covers 2021 through 2023 and requests an increase in authorized revenue of $46.6 million over three years, beginning with a $26 million increase proposed for January 1, 2021. The request seeks $197 million for infrastructure improvements planned for 2021 and 2022. We expect a decision on this case late this year with new rates to take effect on January 1, 2021. California American Water also joined a multi-company request on January 22, 2020 that requested a one-year delay in filing a new cost of capital application and an extension of the currently authorized cost of capital. Turning to Slide 10, we continue to balance making critical investments to provide reliable service while limiting the impact to our customers’ bills. For 2019, we’ve invested a total of $1.9 billion in our regulated operations. At the same time, we continue making progress towards our long-term O&M efficiency goal of 31.3% by 2024.  To put this effort in perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they were in 2010. Since then, we’ve added approximately 270,000 customer connections while expenses only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.6%. We’re extremely proud of our employees’ focus and commitment to controlling costs on behalf of our customers. Turning to Slide 11, as Susan said, we continue to grow the size of our footprint with 21 acquisitions occurring in eight states, adding about 53,100 new customer connections. In 2020 year to date, we’ve added approximately 5,100 new customer connections through two closed acquisitions, with the majority coming from the Fruitridge Vista water system in California.  In 2019, we were successful in continuing to expand our wastewater footprint in areas where we serve water customers. It just makes great sense to use our existing resources in areas where we already provide water services. This was the case last year in Alton, Illinois where we welcomed 23,000 wastewater customer connections, and in Exeter, Pennsylvania where we welcomed 9,000 wastewater customer connections.  We also added 14,000 new customer connections from organic growth in 2019 and will welcome another 44,200 customer connections through 28 signed agreements in nine states. Seven were signed since we last spoke at investor day in early December. These agreements will add about 15,000 water customer connections and about 29,000 wastewater customer connections.  Moving to Slide 12, we continue to achieve our 1% to 2% growth of customer connections through acquisitions, which equates to about 30,000 to 60,000 new customer connections per year. As you can see, since 2015 we’ve completed 83 acquisitions, adding about 173,000 new customer connections in 10 states. Of those 83 acquisitions, 50 were acquisitions of water systems adding 43,000 customers, and 33 were acquisitions of wastewater systems adding 130,000 customers. Our customer base is now 93% water and 7% wastewater, which provides us tremendous opportunities to grow our wastewater business in areas where we already provide water service. We’re very disciplined in our approach to acquisitions, leveraging our tremendous expertise to find solutions for communities. We now have about 695,000 customer opportunities in our pipeline, up from about 650,000 customer opportunities in our last update at investor day. This consistent growth in our pipeline is bolstered by key regulatory mechanisms and legislative enablers. We work constructively with regulators and legislators in the states where we operate to receive these key mechanisms and enablers. We now have fair market value in eight of our states, consolidated tariffs in 12 of our states, and water quality accountability legislation in two of our states, with other states within our footprint considering similar legislation.  We’re a purpose driven company and every one of our employees plays a role in supporting our disciplined growth strategy. For us, it’s about providing meaningful water and wastewater solutions to communities and welcoming these new employees into our company culture of purpose and safety.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to Susan Hardwick for more detail on our financial performance.
Susan Hardwick: Thank you Walter, and good morning everyone. Let me start on Slide 14 with a summary of our results. Fourth quarter 2019 consolidated GAAP earnings were $0.54 per share compared to $0.62 per share in 2018. In the fourth quarter of 2019, GAAP earnings were adjusted for the December sale of our Keystone operations and 2018 GAAP earnings were adjusted for the re-measurement of deferred taxes resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Excluding these adjustments, adjusted earnings per share were up $0.04 per share, driven primarily by growth in the regulated business. The regulated business segment results were up $0.13 per share or an increase of 18.3% compared to 2018 earnings. The market-based businesses results were up $0.03 per share and the parent company decreased $0.12 per share compared to 2018, primarily reflecting higher interest expense to support growth in the business. For the year, our 2019 adjusted earnings were $3.61 per share or a 9.4% increase over the same period last year. Our regulated businesses increased $0.28 per share, our market-based businesses increased $0.12 per share primarily from homeowner servicers, and finally the parent results decreased by $0.09 per share year-over-year, driven by higher interest expense which was partially offset by the sale of the legacy investment that occurred in the second quarter of 2019. Moving onto Slide 15, let me walk through a bit more detail of the 2019 results by business. As I mentioned, regulated operations were up $0.28 per share in total. We had a $0.49 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investments, acquisitions and organic growth. Offsetting the revenue increase, the second quarter of 2019, which was the wettest on record, had a $0.04 per share unfavorable impact from weather. Also, O&M expense increased $0.03 per share and depreciation and interest increased $0.14 per share, both to support regulated acquisitions and other growth. The market-based businesses reported strong results in 2019 compared to 2018 primarily driven by organic growth of the homeowner services group and from the addition of the two contracts in our military services group in 2018. Finally, the parent was down $0.09 per share, primarily reflecting higher interest expense to support growth in the business and a $1.5 million or about a penny per share donation to the American Water Charitable Foundation.  Moving to Slide 16, we have been very active on the regulatory front. The regulated businesses received $98 million in annualized new revenues in 2019, and this includes $45 million from rate cases and $53 million from infrastructure surcharges. We have also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on three rate cases and one infrastructure surcharge proceeding, for a total annualized revenue request of $126 million. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver results. Moving to Slide 17, as Susan said, we are affirming our 2020 EPS guidance range of $3.79 to $3.89 per share that we initiated in December. We are also affirming our long-term earnings compounded annual growth rate expectation on an earnings per share basis of 7% to 10% while investing capital in the range of $8.8 billion to $9.4 billion over the next five years.  Moving to Slide 18, let me summarize. We’ve invested capital of $1.9 billion in 2019, including $1.7 billion of regulated system improvements to better serve our customers and $235 million in closed regulated acquisitions that added over 53,000 new customer connections. These investments increased our estimated rate base at the end of 2019 to $13.7 billion, a 10.1% increase from the prior year. Our cash flow from operations held steady on a year-over-year basis from strong net income growth and the cash flow from our market-based businesses.  We continue to deliver strong consolidated results. Our total company consolidated actual return on equity was 10.6% for 2019. Regulatory execution along with strong results from our market-based businesses allows us to consistently deliver on our earnings commitment. We believe that delivering on results combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend expectations continues to provide excellent value for our investors, and we continue to be a top leader in dividend growth. We have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 10% or more over the last five years, and we expect to continue this growth at the high end of the 7% to 10% range. Also, we continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. With that, let me turn it back to Walter for a few additional comments.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan. As you all know, this is Susan Story’s last earnings call with American Water, and I wanted to take this opportunity to reflect on her tenure with us.  For me, it’s been an absolute honor to work with Susan over the past six years as CEO and the year before that as CFO. She cares deeply about our people, our customers and our communities. Her commitment to do well by doing good has led to so many of our successes.  There are too many accomplishments to name, but I will note that her commitment to the health and safety of our employees has been extraordinary. Susan always lives up to the company’s strong values, especially safety. Nothing has mattered more. She cares about every single employee in our company and constantly reminds us that every employee should go home to their families in the same or better shape in which they came to work.  We’ve had a 63% reduction in overall OSHA recordable injury rates and a 72% reduction in the serious injury rate since she became CEO. Our goal is have to zero injuries, and we’re working to make that a reality. During Susan’s tenure, American Water became the first and continues to be the only water utility in the S&P 500, the Dow Jones Utility Average, and the Philadelphia Utilities Index. Additionally, our six-year total shareholder return is 230.8%, market capitalization increased from $8.6 billion in May of 2014 to over $25 billion currently, and our dividend growth compound annual growth rate over the past six years is 10.2%. Susan has been instrumental in guiding us on our current journey as a people power culture and a customer-obsessed organization with a strong commitment to environmental leadership, water quality, operational excellence and growth. Our entire leadership team is deeply committed to the execution of our strategies and our company values. Susan, on behalf of all employees at American Water, thank you so much.
Susan Story: Thank you Walter. I want to thank all of you on this call, investors, analysts and other stakeholders who have been part of this remarkable journey I’ve had with this amazing company. I’ve enjoyed all the moments we’ve spent together, whether on non-deal road shows, our individual visits, earnings calls, investor days - you name it. I appreciate the rigor and discipline that you require of us to ensure the best finance future for your clients. I hope you know that now and tomorrow, this company and its leaders take very seriously our responsibility to stewardship of the trust you put into us so that you can, as one of our investors described to me, make us your, quote, swan stock or your sleep well at night stock. I know that you realize that this company and our continuing results are a product of almost 7,000 incredible employees led by the best executive team in the country. All that we have done is reflective of thousands of hours of honest discussion, vigorous debate, long and short-term strategizing, and action planning from all of us.  Walter has been a critical key leader for this company for almost two decades, and his experience and steady hand will successfully guide this company into the coming years. I’m also thankful I’ve had the opportunity to work with two of the best CFOs in the entire utility industry, first Linda Sullivan and now Susan Hardwick, and to top it off you have Institutional Investor Magazine Sales Side Analyst Choice for the Best IR VP in Utilities, Ed Vallejo and his entire team providing continuing expertise to ensure that you and your clients get the information you need to make your best decisions, which we think is us, of course. So thanks to all of you for everything, and with that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question will come from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning team. Let me just pile on here - congratulations, truly. It’s been a pleasure and more importantly I wish you all the best in the adventures to come.
Susan Story: Thank you Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. Perhaps just to turn it back to our regularly tuned program here, if I can, I appreciate the commentary. If we can talk about PFAS in brief, and I want to break this into a couple different pieces, first with respect to military sites, I know you guys have been obviously very involved for a while. Does PFAS start to change the opportunity set for your existing sites, and secondly, does it change the opportunity set for incremental sites and/or accelerate those opportunities in terms of bases that may or may not be looking at opportunities, including yourselves?  Then separately, coming back to PFAS more holistically, I know EPA is looking at setting perhaps updated targets, and to what extent could either state or, more importantly, federal level efforts, and I know a lot of the specific states you guys operate in already have been looking at or have already instituted more specific and stringent targets, does that change the name of the game? I know we talked about this a few months ago at your analyst day, but again even in that short brief time, it seems like the conversation has evolved.
Susan Story: Julien, that’s a great question, and I will start and then Walter can pick up after this. Let me take the first one about the military bases, because as we know that a majority of the source of PFAS are firefighting foam and many military installations through the years, of course, doing exercises and those type things tend to have a concentration. The Department of Defense is actively working at its bases to determine if and whether they have issues. We have, as you noted, already done work on two of our military bases. We have been working on PFAS for well over a decade. We’re able to treat it successfully - we’ve done so at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey, for example, so we’re working with the bases that we serve in order to help look at what do they have, and then we feel certain that we’re able to treat those. Remember that with military bases, we can with the newer bases actually every year, instead of every two years, go in, look at the assets, look at something above and beyond what we bid on to begin with, and we have the ability to change those O&M contracts to recover those costs. From that standpoint, we’ll be working on that over the next several months to work with those bases to do that. The second thing about the EPA and the updated target, keep in mind that the EPA has two classifications. One is called maximum contaminant level, and there’s close to 100 contaminants that they basically say, this is the regulation, you must meet these. Then, they have something called a health advisory that actually doesn’t have the weight of required adherence to that. Believe it or not, PFAS is actually not an MCL, or maximum contaminant level, it’s a health advisory, and right now they’re looking at 70 parts per trillion - that’s what they have. What they’re looking at doing is codifying that and making it an MCL so that they do have the weight of required compliance behind it. There is a lot of questions, as you said, about levels, and we’re seeing the different states, New Jersey for example has a 13 or 14 parts per trillion based on the type of PFA it is. We’re seeing New York look at it, California is looking at it, several states are. We at American Water are working closely with the EPA, very closely. We think it’s better to have one for the entire country. We can treat to whatever level is needed. It is an expense issues as we go through there, plus some capital investment in how we treat that, so it is a growing field, it is a field in which we believe we have tremendous expertise. We’re an advisor to the EPA on this issue, and we will be--as we go down this road and we look at what the finalization of these targets are, we can look at what impact that would have to our investment levels as well as what would it have to O&M.
Walter Lynch: Just to add a little bit to that, Susan, we treat in each of our states to the health advisory level of 70 parts per trillion unless the state has a more stringent requirement and then we treat to that, such as California and New Jersey and New York. That’s how we address it, but as Susan said, we are working with the EPA to make sure that we put our views in there about what we think the MCL should be, and it’s going to take, I think, some time for the EPA to go through the testing protocols to determine the MCL. But we’re going to continue, again, to treat it to 70 parts per trillion or less if the state has a more stringent requirement.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Just a quick follow-up - does that change the municipal acquisition opportunity as best you see it with that triggering--? Sorry to follow up, I know it’s a lot of questions.
Walter Lynch: Yes, I think that’s going to be just part of the pie as far as opportunities for us to provide solutions for communities. If they have issues with PFAS and they’re looking at the cost to treat that or other options, maybe shutting down their facility and tying into ours, I think it does provide opportunities for us, yes.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I’ll leave it there. Thank you again, and again best of luck.
Susan Story: Thank you Julien.
Operator: Our next question will come from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. 
Susan Story: Hi Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Susan, I will miss you a lot. It’s been an absolute pleasure. Congrats again.
Susan Story: Thank you.
Durgesh Chopra: Just going back, can I follow up on Julien’s questions on the PFAS [indiscernible]? Can you just remind us what level of capex do we have in the current, I guess your five-year outlook or 10-year outlook, as it relates to PFAS [indiscernible]?
Susan Story: It’s considered to be part of the normal capex we do. When you look at the chart, for example, and you look at water quality, it falls into the piece of the pie for water quality. As we go forward and we look at the magnitude of what the requirements could be, it could either take a bigger piece of the pie or we could move to make the pie bigger. It just depends on the magnitude.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, thanks. Then can I go back to the quarter really quickly, maybe this is for Susan Hardwick. The parent other number, the $0.13 to $0.12 increase quarter over quarter, this seems very large. Is that all interest expense driven, or are there other items in there?
Susan Hardwick: It’s primarily interest, and just recall again that we issued about a billion dollars worth of--sorry, I didn’t have my mic on. It is primarily interest, and just recall that during the year, we issued about a billion dollars worth of long-term debt. That’s the primary driver.
Susan Story: And when you see the employee-related expense, actually this is something that we are very positive about. If you remember, we reached an agreement with our unions last year and we include all of our union represented employees, which is about 47%, 48% of our employees, into our annual performance plan with bonuses based on the performance of the company. 2019 was the first year, the first full year that we actually had that accrual for all of the union-represented employees, so the majority of those employee-related costs are based on that. That’s why year-over-year it looks higher, because that’s an additional cost.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. Then just a real quick one, New York American sale, that’s still scheduled to close second half of this year?
Walter Lynch: Hey Durgesh, it’s Walter. Yes, we’re progressing as expected on that, and we said we’ll probably close at the end of this year or the beginning of 2021. But it is progressing as expected.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, thanks again.
Operator: Our next question will come from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys. Once again Susan, I don’t mean to sound like or repeat myself from comments made at the analyst day, but congratulations. You’ve done an excellent job in running this company over the years.
Susan Story: Thank you Michael.
Michael Lapides: I do have one question. Where do you think across your system you have the greatest challenges to earn authorized ROEs, and what are the steps over the next two to three years, Walter, you plan to do either from a regulatory construct or a cost management effort, or something else, to improve the earned returns in those jurisdictions? 
Walter Lynch: Hey Michael, it’s Walter. We’re happy in each of the states where we’re operating, and as far as being treated fairly, I think we’re being treated fairly in the states where we operate, so I’m not going to really comment on the authorized ROEs or the earned ROEs in any of the states. We’re very happy where we’re operating. I think going forward, it’s part of our culture to look at every dollar in our business, and that’s, I think, what sets us apart. If you look at the O&M efficiency improvements that we’ve had, every dollar that we spend, our teams are out challenging, do we need to spend that dollar, is there a benefit to our customers, so it’s that culture that I think is driving our O&M efficiency in the right way.  I think we’re going to continue to leverage technology. Technology has been a key enabler for us and will continue to be a key enabler going forward, making our employees more efficient, providing better service for our customers, so we’re going to continue to leverage that as we move forward as well. 
Susan Story: You know, one thing that was interesting, I was reading our supply chain report from year end 2019, and they track something called total cost of ownership, that looks at from negotiations, from us being able to use volume procurement, they call it a total cost of ownership. We actually last year almost saved $80 million just in supply chain from that area called total cost of ownership, and I think that is a good representative of what Walter’s talking about, in addition to our folks and the technology, just leveraging our size, scope and scale and being smart on supply chain.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning Susan and team. Just want to echo everyone else’s remarks - congrats. Definitely going to miss you, and hopefully the Tigers treat you well in your retirement.
Susan Story: Well, I’ll send you my personal email, so we have to do college football season between Notre Dame and Auburn.
Jonathan Reeder: Definitely. You might come out on top on most of that.  Two questions from me. First off, Walter, maybe this one is for you. The California cost of capital update, has the public advocate’s office weighed in officially with the CPUC in regards to your request, or have you had any [indiscernible] application here in the next few months.
Walter Lynch: Actually, I’m having a hard time hearing you. I think it was around the cost of capital. We’re going to be filing--the proposed plan is to file in May of 2021 for 2022, so we’re going to be at the current cost of capital this year and next year. Was there another part of that question? Did I miss it?
Jonathan Reeder: Are you saying--did you get the one-year extension, then? Was it accepted?
Walter Lynch: No, we just filed for it, but the expectation would be that the cost of capital would be in place for this year and next year if we get it approved.
Jonathan Reeder: Right. No, I was wondering if the public advocate’s office, have they weighed in on your request or have you been having active settlement discussions with them to try to get them on board with the request, and how should we think about the timing of the CPUC decision in that request?
Walter Lynch: Yes, there has not been any official decision on it, so it’s just our filing in the hopes that we can delay it for a year.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, but the consumer advocate, have they weighed in at all, or are you actively trying to get them on board with that request? What’s going on behind the scenes?
Walter Lynch: Yes, that’s part of the filing, is working with them and putting our views out there, but they have not officially made a decision on it.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Then the other question, I know you had the $0.03 legacy investment sale, but just to be clear, 2019’s $3.61, that reflects a $0.04 headwind from below normal weather for the full year, that’s correct, right?
Susan Hardwick: Yes Jonathan, it’s correct.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, great. Thanks so much, and again Susan, enjoy the off time, and definitely look forward to staying in touch.
Susan Story: Thank you Jonathan.
Operator: This concludes our question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Susan Story: Thank you Chuck. Thanks again to all of you for participating in our call today. Please know that we value you as our investor-owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock.  If we’ve not been able to address your question or if you have additional questions, you know you can always call Ed and Ralph and they’ll be happy to help.  Thanks again for listening, and thank you so much for the past seven years.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the American Water's Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 7, 2019.U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for the replay is 10135909. The audio webcast archive will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events.I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thanks, Alyssa and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us in today's call. So during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions.However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC.Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed in this conference call, including adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website.All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will of course open the call to your questions.And now, I'll now turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Susan Hardwick, will cover our third quarter financial results; and our COO, Walter Lynch will give key updates on our operations. American Water employees continue to deliver strong results. Let me highlight just a few of our third quarter accomplishments.We continue to have strong financial performance. Adjusted earnings were up 10.8% compared to last year's third quarter, and we saw growth in both our regulated and market based businesses. In our regulated business, we've added more than 57,000 customer connections year-to-date. This includes 46,900 customers through closed acquisitions and 10,400 through organic growth in our existing service areas.We most recently closed on the water assets of Steelton Borough, Pennsylvania, and Lake Station, Indiana, as well as the wastewater assets of Exeter Township in Pennsylvania. We're excited to welcome our new customers and our new employees. Additionally, in the coming months, we will welcome an additional 26,400 customer connections through agreements that are signed and pending.Moving to our market based businesses; we're extremely honored to be awarded Department of Defense contracts for the water and wastewater systems at Joint Base San Antonio in Texas, and the United States Military Academy at West Point, New York. Joint Base San Antonio includes Randolph Air Force Base, Fort Sam Houston, Camp Bullis and Lackland Air Force Base. These installations support over 187,000 jobs across the state of Texas.The United States Military Academy at West Point is the oldest continually operated army post in the United States. The campus is home to 4,400 cadets, and was once home to our own CEO Walter Lynch, a West Point alumnus and Army veteran. The opportunity to expand our military footprint to 16 bases across the country is a testament to American Water's industry leading water research, development and operational excellence.It's a privilege to ensure the delivery of safe, clean and reliable water and wastewater services for our country's military members and their families. With this continued strong performance and our disciplined approach to our business, we are narrowing our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $3.56 to $3.64 per share from $3.54 to $3.64.Moving to Slide 6, the foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. Through September 30, we invested around $1.3 billion, with about 1.2 billion into our existing regulated infrastructure, and around 85 million in regulated acquisition closings.We expect to invest approximately $1.9 billion total for the full year, with projections of more than 260 million for regulated acquisition closings and around 1.7 billion to address the continued and growing need for infrastructure investment across our footprint. Results for our market based businesses are also strong, contributing to both net income growth and cash flow generation given the capital light nature of these businesses.So in summary, we will continue to invest in our infrastructure, and we have line of sight to a 31.5% O&M efficiency ratio by 2023, which is key to ensuring affordability for our customers as we make these much needed investments. And finally, we remain on track to meet our 7% to 10% long-term earnings growth target.Now, Walter will give a more detailed update on our regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan and good morning everyone. Our regulated businesses had a strong third quarter and making capital investments to ensure clean, safe and reliable water services. We also continue to improve our operating efficiencies to benefit our customers and grow our business through acquisitions.On Slide 8, let me touch briefly on the weather. As you recall, we had an unusually wet weather in the second quarter of 2019, which led to a total quarter-over-quarter unfavorable impact of $0.05. This quarter has been more typical. And once again, you can see how a geographic diversity helps mitigate weather variability. For example, this quarter, New Jersey American Water experienced at or below average precipitation which offset Missouri slightly above average precipitation. As a result, weather had no material impact on our revenues for the third quarter.Turning the Slide 9, let's walk through some of the regulatory highlights starting with our two pending rate cases in Virginia and California. In November 2018, Virginia American Water filed a general rate case requesting an overall increase of $5.6 million, driven by approximately $98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April 2017. Interim rates race became effective I May 1, 2019 and we expect a decision in the first quarter of 2020.California American Water filed for new rates this past July, the case covers 2021 through 2023 and requests an increase in authorized revenue of $46.6 million over three years, beginning with a $26 million increase proposed for January 1, 2021. The request seeks $197 million for infrastructure improvement for the 2021 to 2022 capital test years. We expect the decision on this case in late 2020, with new rates to take effect by January 1, 2021.And other activities, several bills were recently signed into law in Indiana by Governor Holcomb. First, House Bill 1406, known as the Water Infrastructure Funding Act, establishes the first state appropriation of $20 million per year for water infrastructure investment. Paired with another bill, Senate Bill 4, this combined legislation supports Regional Water planning and the reduction of water loss caused by poor or ageing infrastructure. The goal is to promote a consistent approach to providing clean and safe water across all water systems in Indiana.A third bill, Senate Bill 472, enhances Indiana's version of fair market value legislation by now including qualified non-municipal systems. Previously, the legislation only covered distressed municipal systems. And in Pennsylvania on October 3, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission approved our proposal to replace customer owned lead service lines in accordance with Act 120. This act authorizes the cost associated with the replacement of the customer owned portion of lead service lines to be included in a regulated utilities rate base.Turning the Slide 10, we continue to grow the size of our footprint with 19 acquisitions occurring in eight states, totaling 46,900 new customer connections. Earlier this month, Pennsylvania American Water completed the acquisition of both the Steelton Water and Exeter Wastewater Systems. The Steelton water system added approximately 2,400 new water connections. The sale of the water system will allow the Borough to eliminate its existing water debt and invest in capital projects.In Exeter, Pennsylvania, where we've been providing water service for more than 17 years, we welcomed approximately 9,000 wastewater customer connections. According to township manager John Granger, quote, the sale of the wastewater treatment plant and collection system in the Pennsylvania American Water is a great benefit to current and future residents of Exeter.The plant and system were becoming an increasing burden on the township as federal and state regulations were becoming too difficult for the township to manage and quote, this is a great example of how communities are better simply because we're there. This marks Pennsylvania American Water's fifth acquisition in the state in 2019.Indiana American Water also closed on the Lake Station Water System earlier this month, adding about 3,300 water connections to the existing Indiana customer base. We also welcome 10,400 new customer connections from organic growth today, and we'll welcome another 26,400 customer connections through 24 signed agreements in 10 states. As we've shared with you before, with a consistent pipeline of opportunities we see in the water and wastewater industry. We're confident in our discipline, growth strategy and our ability to provide solutions across the nation.Turning the Slide 11, we continue to bounce making critical investments to ensure reliable service while limiting the impact to our customers' bills. In the first nine months, we've invested approximately $1.2 billion in our existing regulated infrastructure. At the same time, we're making progress towards our long-term O&M efficiency goal of 31.5% by 2023.To put this effort into perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are just slightly higher today than they were in 2010. However, over the last nine years, we welcomed approximately 338,000 customer connections, while expenses only increased at a compound annual growth rate of 0.6%. We're extremely proud of our employees focus and commitment to controlling costs on behalf of our customers.Moving to Slide 12, we're pleased that our new customer service site myWater is now live for all American Water customers nationwide. Customers are now able to access their accounts with this mobile friendly site. MyWater allows customers to easily make payments, view their water usage history and receive alert notifications from any location 24 hours a day, seven days a week.We launched this new platform by listening to our customers, who told us they wanted to more easily manage their accounts online. Since the launch, we received very positive customer feedback, especially an ease of use. This is just another great example of how our customers are at the center of everything we do.With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan for more detail on our financial performance.
Susan Hardwick: Thank you, Walter and good morning everyone. Let me start on Slide 14 with the summary of results. Their quarter 2019 consolidated GAAP earnings were $1.33 per share, compared to $1.04 per share in 2018. 2018 results included a $0.06 gain from the sale of the majority of the contracts in our contract services group and a $0.22 charge from the Keystone impairment.Excluding these two adjustments in 2018, adjusted earnings per share were up 10.8%, primarily driven by growth in the regulated business. The regulated business segment results were up $0.12 per share or an increase of 10.2% compared to 2018. The market based business results were about flat and apparent results improved $0.01 per share compared to 2018.Our 2019 adjusted earnings through September 30 were $2.88 per share or a 10.3% increase over the same period last year. Our regulated businesses increased $0.15 per share, our market based businesses increased $0.09 per share and finally the parent results improved by $0.03 per share year-over-year.Moving to Slide 15 let me walk through the details of the quarterly results by business. Regulated operations were up $0.12 per share in total. We had $0.11 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investments, acquisitions and organic growth. Also O&M expense decreased $0.02 per share for the quarter as a result of the continued focus on cost management and higher costs in the third quarter of 2018, related primarily to the New York American Water settlement.Depreciation and interest increased $0.01 per share primarily to support regulated acquisition and investment growth. The market based business results for the quarter were similar to last year on continued strong performance. Finally, earnings at the parent were $0.01 per share reflective of the impacts of a lower consolidated effective tax rate offset somewhat by increased interest expense.Moving to Slide 16, nine months ended September 30, 2019, adjusted EPS increased 10.3% year-over-year even with the weather negatively impacting the second quarter of 2019. Many of the drivers of the variances in the quarter noted previously for the regulated business also explained the year-over-year results. For market based businesses the year-to-date improved results reflect, among other things, the addition of customers under new partnerships at homeowner services and growth from the 2018 additions of two bases in the military services group.Moving on to Slide 17, it's been a very active year so far on the regulatory front. We have $93 million in annualized new revenue this year. This includes 45 million from rate cases and 48 million from infrastructure surcharges. As Walter noted, we have also filed requests and are waiting final orders on to rate cases in two infrastructure surcharge proceedings for a total annualized revenue request of $41 million. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver results.Moving to Slide 18, because of our strong performance and continued focus on execution, as Susan mentioned, we are narrowing our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance to $3.56 to $3.64 per share. Our previous guidance was $3.54 to $3 .64 per share. We are also affirming our long-term earnings compounded annual growth expectation on an earnings per share basis to be in the top half of that 7% to 10% range.Now moving on to Slide 19, as we noted in the release, on October 29, 2019, the company's board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share of common stock payable on December 4, 2019. This reflects the continuation of the 9.9% increase in the annual dividend declared by the board on April 17, 2019. We continue to be a top leader in dividend growth.We have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 10.1% over the last five years and we expect to continue the growth at the high end of that 7% to 10% range. We continue to deliver very strong consolidated results. For the 12 months ended September 2019. Our total company consolidated return on equity is 10.4%. Our weighted average authorized regulated ROE stands at 9.8%.Regulatory execution, along with strong results from our market based businesses allows us to consistently deliver on our earnings commitment. We believe that delivering on results, combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend growth expectations continues to provide excellent value for our investors.And with that, let me turn the call back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Susan. Many factors go into producing our consistent financial results. At the top of that list is a commitment to be the best at the fundamentals of the business. One of the most basic things we have to do as a water utility is the quality of the over 1 billion gallons of water, we provide every day throughout the United States. And whether you call it our purpose or mission or just part of the SG, we know that if we don't deliver water that is safe and reliable and nothing else, we do matters.You see on this slide just a few of the headlines we're all reading about threats to the safety of drinking water, including lead, Legionella, P5 cyanotoxins [ph]. These are real threats that require expert and knowledgeable people in organizations who have the breadth, depth and experience to ensure the safety of the critical human need of water. And at American Water we never forget that at the end of every water pipe, there's a family that's depending on us to provide this critical need, and that every fire hydrant lives could depend on the right pressures and volumes, and that every wastewater plant serves as a shield against potential disease.And every community should be stronger because we're there. And at the end of the day, we also know that what we do in our customers and community's best long-term interest will also be in our investors' best long-term interest. And that's what we believe it means to be a truly sustainable company. I want to close our prepared remarks by saying how much our hearts go out to the millions of people who are affected by the horrific fires in California, and how much we are in all of the amazing work being done around the clock by the incredibly brave and talented firefighters. Our California American Water employees have also been working 24x7 to keep water service to our customers there when the power is out.We're using backup mobile and permanent generators. We're also using remote monitoring for our facilities when they're under mandatory evacuations, so we can minimize the hardship our customers may be facing during these difficult times. We were able to maintain service the entire time during the Kincaid fire and power outages, which affected two of our smaller operations in Geyserville with approximately 300 customer connections and Larkfield with approximately 2,100 connections our infrastructure assets have not been damaged. I just want to publicly thank our hardworking employees who have truly kept the water flowing to our customers under these difficult conditions.And with that we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Shar Pourreza of Guggenheim securities. Please go ahead.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, guys.
Susan Story: Good morning Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Susan can you just touch a little bit on sort of some of the publicly available data in the media that we're seeing around JEA and sort of your interest there, maybe just high level structure of your bid, because it does have an electric business. So curious if you are bidding for the entire system or just the water portion of it and just how you're sort of thinking about that process because it's actually turning out to be a little bit more competitive than we originally thought.
Susan Story: So sure, one thing that I will remind everybody is that JEA has publicly announced who would be in the next round of participation. And we're very respectful of JEA and their process. And so we can't really comment any further on anything additional about JEA. And all I will say is that we've not made any changes to our previously communicated business model strategy.
Shar Pourreza: Got it and just maybe, it's somewhat of a large transaction. Is there any disclosures assuming that you're the winning bidder how you would finance that transaction?
Susan Story: We really can't comment about anything on the process at this point.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, got it. That's helpful. And then just around the military services, congrats Walter and West Point, and obviously, the Joint Base has done a ton of deals. Is there anything else for the balance of year that we should sort of be thinking about and maybe just quickly on how we're thinking about the opportunity set?
Susan Story: At one point we had said we expected award of up to three bases. We don't like to predict what the Department of Defense will do. The two that were awarded this year that we won, those came in September. We're not sure if there will be any others that are awarded. We do currently have five outstanding RFPs that we expect over the next one, two, three, four or five years. We do think there may be some that are awarded in 2020.
Shar Pourreza: Got it and just lastly on California, is there any remaining approvals around the desalination project that's been, I guess, a little bit of pushback at the local level, but is there anything you guys need from a permit or approvals to sort of move forward?
Walter Lynch: Hi, Shar, Walter here, we need the approvals from the California Coastal Commission. Their next meeting is scheduled on November 14 and they're going to take it up at that meeting. So that's the next approval that we need.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific, thanks, guys. Congrats on the results today.
Susan Story: Thanks Shar.
Operator: The next question today comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning to you.
Susan Story: Good morning, Julian.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, so a quick question. Can you elaborate a little bit more on Indiana and the perspective impacts of any legislation in that states just to get going here?
Walter Lynch: We're really encouraged by the legislation. That's why I wanted to highlight it on the call. We think it'll open up more opportunities. And I think there's recognition that American Water can play a role there in providing water services for communities that are having trouble doing it on their own. So it's consistent with legislation. It's been in Indiana and across the country, about how we can play a role to help the communities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. But just in terms of it translating back to more tangible opportunities is still a little bit on the way to see it.
Walter Lynch: Yes, I mean it – well, we think that there'll be more discussions, but it's going to take time to work this through and have the communities realize that they do have these options, but it's just part of the overall favorable legislation that we're seeing across the country. Because, again, I think legislators are realizing that we can play a significant role in helping these communities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent and then can you talk a little bit more we've seen some headlines on Millburn, New Jersey, can you clarify a little bit of what's going on there? I mean, again, I don't want to put too many words out there. But just put some context around the process?
Susan Story: Specifically about what Julien?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: There were some media articles out there about water quality, so I wanted – checking on that, yeah.
Susan Story: Right, so I think what you're referring to is there is a group called the Environmental Working Group that rather than looking at EPA guidelines and regulations or state regulations or even some of the unregulated contaminants that the EPA is looking at. I think they have come up with some of their own standards. And they've run stories that GE – even though we have all these water quality results, they're not living up to whatever standard this group has decided is appropriate. So I mean our response to that is that we take water quality and safety very seriously. The EPA establishes drinking water standards to protect the public health. We treat and deliver water that is – meets or surpasses every one of those.And in fact, the EPA has a special program that's called the Unregulated Contaminant Monitoring Rule, which looks at another 40 contaminants that really aren't regulated. But we voluntarily have adopted those, so that they can look and see what the impacts of those are. We meet or surpass all of our states. At the end of the day, there are a lot of groups out there who may decide that they're going to set their own goals and their own policies, but we really can't follow what every individual group does along those lines. So but we are meeting all of the EPA, we are voluntarily adopting 40 that aren't even regulated, but that we're continuing to monitor and we're acting as if they're regulated and meeting all state requirements.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you so much for the clarity.
Operator: The next question today comes from Durgesh Chopra of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team.
Susan Story: Good morning Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Good morning, Susan. Just to follow up on a Shar's question on the military bases, congratulations on the win there. What's the – can you just help us think about the size of those bases relative to the existing fleet of bases that you have currently? And actually think about margins and revenues coming in is it more sort of a 12 to 16 month lag from here on?
Susan Story: Yeah, so Durgesh Joint Base San Antonio because it is comprised two army and two Air Force bases, I believe is the largest that we have in our 16 bases in terms of the 50 year, over 700 million revenue. It's the largest that we've had. And West Point is nice size military installation. Also, we do know that, just like across the US where there are infrastructure needs, we're finding at the military bases that a lot of their infrastructure is from right after World War II when most of the military bases were built. So if you remember, we make money three ways with the military bases. There's a 50 year O&M contract, then when we take over, there's typically upgrades we need to make. And then any future projects that are capital or working capital on these bases, we then can add that as part of the O&M. And we get paid to do those plus the fee.So what we're finding is the military bases also need infrastructure upgrades and investment just like the rest of the country does. So we're looking at these in terms of all three of those areas. So we're very pleased. In Texas, we have Fort Hood, which is also, I believe, one of the top two or three largest bases we have. So it's very exciting to us to be able to grow in that respect. And then we look and the Air Force and the army continue to be quite active. There's a lot of opportunity in Navy, we believe they have really not done much privatization. So we're stepping back looking at the basis and facilities across the country. Again, we have five outstanding RFPs that we're already in the middle of the process and we're looking to any new ones that may come up in the next year.
Durgesh Chopra: Thanks, Susan and what about the margins, I guess, I was really asking what the margins from the two bases that were just awarded this past quarter, when should we model those hitting the bottom line? Is it 12 to 16 months out from here or longer than that?
Susan Story: So first of all we don't talk about margins. However, it's a great point while to technically, we assume these contracts on September 30, there's pretty much a standard eight month transition for each of these bases. And by June the 30th of next year, we will be fully operational on those bases with the full amount of revenue that we get from those bases at that point.
Durgesh Chopra: Awesome, that's great. And then just one final –
Susan Story: I'm sorry, June 1 not June 30.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, perfect. And then just one quick clarification, did we lower the CapEx guidance for this year? I'm not sure if I'm reading this correctly.
Susan Story: No, so it may be a little confusing. What we did on the chart is we broke out regulated acquisitions, capital from the infrastructure. So we're still looking at around 1.9 billion, which is what we had guided to, so its 1.9 billion total. And what we expect that breakdown to be is around 1.7 billion into our existing regulated infrastructure and probably 250, 260 million on regulated acquisitions.
Durgesh Chopra: Awesome, thank you so much, that's super helpful.
Susan Story: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: The last question today comes from Richard Verdi of Coker & Palmer. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my call and nice quarter as well. Thank you.
Susan Story: Thank you, Rich.
Richard Verdi: Thanks. So I'm quite clear on things and some of my other questions have been answered. But I do want to actually revert back to a question I would periodically ask in the past for an update due to some of the events that transpired during the quarter and to avoid being granular, I'm going to ask this on a very high level. So when we think about the company's portfolio, obviously it has a nice portfolio of states given the quarter report, given quarter reports going back for many quarters, but that doesn't mean that there's not opportunity in states outside the portfolio. On the other hand, to states where the company had the footprint are very compelling from a need to bring infrastructure perspective and also on the regulatory front. So moving forward in the near to intermediate term is the strategy maybe more to work within the states in which the company operates and try to expand within those states? Or can we maybe expect the company to more and more announces if it's trying to enter other states?
Walter Lynch: Hi, Rich, Walter here.
Richard Verdi: Hi, Walter.
Walter Lynch: No, it's really both. We continue to invest in our infrastructure in the states where we operate; we continue to look for opportunities in those states. But we also look outside our footprint. And for us to enter a new state, we really need a good business environment, a good regulatory environment and then the opportunity to grow to a certain size because we just don't want to buy a small system and just have that system. So we want to be able to expand in the state. So we're looking at that and we actively look at that, but we do both. And as far as growth goes inside, our growth, we're investing, as we said 1.7 billion this year. And we're going to be spending over 250 million to acquire systems in our footprint, which is I think tremendous, and just shows the dedication and the value that we're providing to these communities.
Susan Story: And Walter is exactly right. And into remind many of you, and I think we have said this in the past. When we look at – and we do have a corporate business development group and we're always looking at every state across the country, we actually have them kind of looking at the regulatory environment, the business environment. But the thing that typically will slow us down from going into new state is we believe it's important that within five years, we have 50,000 customer connections because part of our brand is affordability and the fact that we're looking at O&M inefficiency. And if you just have a couple of 3,000 in a state, it's very hard to get those efficiencies. So when we're looking at whether we would go into new state, those are kind of the three gates that we have that we would go through.
Richard Verdi: Okay, that's great. I appreciate the color guys. Thank you and great quarter again. Thank you very much.
Susan Story: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: The next question today comes from David Paz [ph] of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Yeah. Hey, good morning.
Susan Story: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Just back to the DSL projects in California. I know you guys mentioned you still need the permits to get approved there. But just given that the staff recommended and denial, can you maybe just provide a little bit more color? And I guess if you were to not get the permits, how does that kind of impact the project and again, the capital plan going forward?
Walter Lynch: Yeah, I'll take that question. This is Walter. The primary reason that the staff voted no, was they see the expansion of the Pure Water Monterey recycling project is capable of providing sufficient water to meet the future demands. We don't agree with that. And it's actually not in line with what the PUC discovered as well as far as the future demand. So that's the real area of contention. And so the November 14 hearing and meeting we're going to be putting our views forward on that. But I mean that's where the disagreement comes in. And we actually had an environmental impact report that stated the demand was much higher as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, and just to the extent that, I guess it were to not go for the capital plan, I guess, the expectation there is that you would just kind of backfill any kind of CapEx were lost.
Walter Lynch: Yes, that's right.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Alyssa. Thank you all for participating in our call today. Please note that we value you as our investor owners and as a financial analyst who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have confidence in your decisions around your investments in our stock. If you've not been able to get your question out or if we haven't answered them thoroughly, please call Ed or Ralph and they'll be happy to help. And we're very excited that while we've been the only water utility, which was an EEI associate member for the past three years, we're very pleased that EEI has added a new category of strategic partners for water utilities. And because of this, we will be attending our first EEI Financial Conference in a couple of weeks, and we'll see many of you there. Also, we will be hosting our Investor Day on Wednesday, December 11 in New York City. We look forward to seeing you all there. Expect an invitation very soon from our IR team. Thanks again for listening.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 8, 2019.U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10133489. The audio webcast achieve will be available for one year on American Water's Investor Relations website at ir.amwater.com/events. [Operator Instructions].I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us here today. So during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions.However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC.Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed in this conference call, including adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website.All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for questions.And now, I'll now turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Susan Hardwick, will cover our second quarter financial results; and our COO, Walter Lynch will give key updates on our operations.American Water employees delivered strong results in the second quarter despite the significant impact of unusually wet weather throughout our service area. I'll highlight just a few of the accomplishments this quarter. First, we continue to deliver strong consistent growth and financial performance. Adjusted earnings were up 13.3% compared to last year, despite the wet weather I just mentioned.As a reminder, weather impacts typically occur in the third quarter, but the historical rains and flood in the second quarter resulted in a $0.05 quarter-over-quarter difference. We saw growth in our regulated and market-based businesses during this quarter. We added more than 37,000 customer connections year-to-date through both closed acquisitions and organic growth. This includes welcoming over 23,000 wastewater customers in Alton, Illinois, where we have been privileged to provide water for our company's entire 133-year history. Alton is also home to one of our regulated business customer care centers, and the Homeowner Services customer center.We finalized general rate cases in Kentucky and Indiana, where we have invested more than $600 million combined since our last cases to ensure clean, safe and reliable water for our customers. Walter will give more details on our regulatory activities in just a minute. All three market based businesses growth with especially strong growth from Homeowner Services. We were proud to join Philadelphia officials in May to announce that our water and Sewer Line Protection partnership is already having a significant positive impact to customers in the Philadelphia community.Also in the quarter, we successfully completed a $1.1 billion debt offering and S&P affirmed our A corporate credit rating with a stable outlook. We're pleased with S&P’s decision. Having access to capital at lower debt costs enhances our ability to make needed investments while minimizing the cost impact on the customers we serve.Slide 6 shows our year-to-date performance. The foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. We invested almost $800 million during the first half of the year with virtually all dedicated to our regulated business. We expect to invest $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion for the year, reflecting both the strong acquisition closings this year, along with continued and growing need for infrastructure investment in our regulated states. And as I mentioned, results for our market based businesses continues to be strong.Moving to Slide 7, with this continued strong performance and our commitment to the execution of our strategies, we are affirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance of $3.54 to $3.64 per share. American Water will invest $8 billion to $8.6 billion from 2019 through 2023 as we continue to invest in our infrastructure. We have a line of sight to a 31.5% O&M efficiency ratio by 2023 which is a key element of our commitment to ensure affordability for our customers. And under our 2019 to 2023 plan, we do not see the need to issue equity.In summary, we remain on track to meet our long-term earnings growth target in the top half of the 7% to 10% range.Now, Walter will give a more detailed update on our regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan said our Regulated Businesses had a solid first half of the year in spite of the very wet weather in the second quarter. We continue on a steady path making capital investments to ensure clean, safe and reliable water service, while we continue to improve our operating efficiencies to benefit our customers. We also continued to grow through acquisitions, closing on 12 transactions through the end of July.Let me start on Slide 9 with the weather impact for the quarter. As a reminder, we had a $0.01 positive benefit from weather -- warmer weather in the second quarter of 2018. In the second quarter of 2019, we experienced significant precipitation in the Midwest and the Northeast. In fact, The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that the past 12 months in United States have been the wettest on record. And that 2019 had the most rain since records began 124 years ago.As a result of these extreme conditions, we had a total quarter-over-quarter unfavourable impact of $0.05. By the way, this little meteorologist is the grandson of our Vice President of Regulatory Services.Turning to Slide 10, we continue to have a very busy regulatory calendar focused on needed investment with a keen eye toward reducing customer bill impacts. I'll cover a few highlights. In Kentucky, we received approval from the Kentucky Public Service Commission for new water rates effective June 28, with an authorized return on equity of 9.7% and an equity ratio 48.9%. The case was driven by more than $100 million in investment since filing our last rate case in January 2016.The Kentucky Public Service Commission also approved the implementation of a qualified infrastructure program charge that will allow the company's replaced aging pipes as well as other assets while reducing regulatory lag. This is now our ninth state with infrastructure surcharge mechanism in place.Moving to Indiana, the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission approved the settlement agreement reached with other parties in June with an authorized return on equity of 9.8% and an equity ratio of 53.41%. The primary driver of the case was the company's investment of $542 million since our last case in 2014.California American Water put into effect its 2018 rate case decision on May 11, 2019 resulting in a $4 million annualized increase in authorized revenue. Decision also approved $103 million in infrastructure improvements. Rates were consolidated for several service areas in Northern California to ensure reliable water service at an affordable price.We also have two pending rate cases in Virginia and California. In Virginia, we filed a general rate case in November 2018, requesting an overall increase of $5.6 million, driven by approximately $98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April 2017. California American Water file for new rates covering 2021 through 2023 requesting an increase in authorized revenue of $46.6 million over three years beginning with a $26 million increase proposed for January 1, 2021. The request includes $197 million for infrastructure improvements throughout this date. We expect the decision on the case in late 2020, with new rates taking effect on January 1, 2021.Moving on to Slide 11, we continue to grow the size of our footprint, with 12 water and wastewater acquisitions occurring in seven states. These closed acquisitions added 30,700 customer connections, including 23,000 new wastewater customer connections from the Alton, Illinois acquisition, Alton Mayor Brant Walker stated that the sale of the wastewater systems to Illinois American Water is “In the city's best interest and provides significant net proceeds to help fund other city needs and priorities.” This is another example of how we're growing wastewater in areas where we serve water customers, leveraging our tremendous expertise and our commitment to the communities we serve.We also welcome 6,500 new customer connections through organic growth. And we welcome another 38,200 customer connections through 29 signed agreements in eight states. These agreements reflect our commitment to provide water and wastewater solutions to communities across the country.Moving to Slide 12, customers remain at the center of every decision we make. This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. We invested $792 million in our regulated operations in the first half of this year, with $712 million dedicated to infrastructure improvements and $18 million in funding acquisitions for our regulated business. We minimized the customer bill impacts through these investments through our continued focus on controlling O&M costs. These cost savings are driven by optimizing capital spend through value engineering, utilizing constructive regulatory mechanisms, and deploying technology developed with input from our employees and our customers.As you can see, we continue to make progress toward our long-term goal of 31.5% by 2023. For example, we've developed and started to deploy a web-based work management software for our field service representatives. This software will put the control of daily planning in the hands of local operations, allowing our field service representatives to manage and optimizing our work, quickly reroute to emergency orders, and balance employees’ work to ensure we’re meeting the needs of our customers.Moving to Slide 13. I want to highlight the importance of the investments that we make to improve the resiliency of our assets. What you're looking at is a photo of a recent flood in Davenport, Iowa, when the Mississippi River crested at a record 22.7 feet. The picture was taken from the vantage point of our water treatment plant and is a proof that our focus on the resiliency of our systems benefits our communities. This particular plan is secured and protected by a 2,200 foot long floodwall that was completed in 2013. The $11.8 million project was a successful partnership between Iowa American Water and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, safeguarding the drinking water supply for over 130,000 residents in the Iowa Quad Cities. This is only one example of how we continue to make necessary investments to ensure that our customers receive reliable high quality water service.Finally, I want to recognize our Illinois American Water President Bruce Hauk, who was awarded the 2019 Inclusion & Diversity Award by the National Black Chamber of Commerce during its annual conference last week. This award is presented annually to an individual who champions inclusion and diversity within their company. American Water sees inclusion and diversity as vital elements in creating an environment in which our differences are celebrated and contribute to our success. It's also critical to us that our employees reflect the communities that we're privileged to serve. So congratulations, Bruce for living our values.So it was a good quarter with continued growth, smart investments and engaged employees, driving efficiencies and quality results also benefit our customers.With that, I'll turn the call over to Susan for more detail on our financial performance.
Susan Hardwick: Thank you, Walter. And good morning, everyone. I'll start on Slide 15 with a summary of results. Second quarter 2019 consolidated GAAP earnings were $0.94 per share, compared to $0.91 per share in 2018. 2018 results included an $0.08 per share after tax benefit from the Freedom Industries insurance settlement. Excluding the 2018 benefit adjusted earnings per share were up 13.3% driven primarily by growth in Regulated Businesses, but also strong growth in the market based businesses and some earnings from the parent.The regulated business segment was at $0.01 per share compared to adjusted in 2018 earnings increasing 1.2%. Susan and Walter already discussed the unusually wet weather conditions in the second quarter. And without that unfavourable impact, the regulated business segment results would have increased by 7%, which is well in line with our rate base and EPS growth objectives. Both the market based businesses and the parent company were each up $0.05 per share.Our 2019 adjusted earnings through June 30 were $1.55 per share or a 9.2% increase over the same period last year. Our Regulated Businesses increased $0.02 per share. Without the unfavourable weather impact, the regulated business segment results would have increased by about 5% year-to-date compared to last year. Our market based businesses increased $0.09 per share primarily from Homeowner Services. And finally, the parent results improved by $0.02 per share year-over-year.Moving on to Slide 16, let me walk through the adjusted quarterly results by business. Regulated operations were up $0.01 per share in total as I mentioned, we had a $0.10 per share increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investment, acquisition and organic growth. You'll also see on this slide the $0.05 per share quarter-over-quarter unfavourable impact of weather.Next, O&M expense increased slightly and depreciation and interest increased $0.03 per share mainly to support regulated acquisition and investment growth.Turning to the market based businesses, the $0.05 per share increase was mainly from our Homeowner Services Group due to growth in partnerships and the full year impact from the acquisition of Pivotal Home Solutions in 2018. The Military Services Group and Keystone combined for $0.01 per share increase and another $0.01 from the final wrap up of the exit of operations in Canada.Finally, the parent recognized earnings of $0.03 per share due to the sale of the legacy investment. The timing of expenses and other items added $0.04 per share in the quarter which you'll know is largely gone on a year-to-date basis. And as expected interest expense was a $0.02 per share drag in the quarter.Moving on to Slide 17, six month adjusted EPS increased 9.2% year-over-year even with the weather impact. Many of the drivers of the variances in the quarter noted previously also explain the year-over-year results.Moving to Slide 18 as Walter detailed it has been a very active year so far on the regulatory front. We have $84 million in annualized new revenues this year, and this includes $45 million from rate cases and $39 million from infrastructure surcharges. We have also filed request and are awaiting final orders on two rate cases and three infrastructure surcharge proceedings for a total annualized revenue request of $39 million. Our weighted average authorized ROE stands at 9.8%. The continued successful execution of our regulatory strategy is a key element of our ability to consistently deliver results.Moving to Slide 19. Because of our strong performance and continued focus on execution, we are affirming our 2019 adjusted earnings guidance range of $3.54 to $3.64 per share. We are also affirming our long-term earnings compounded annual growth expectation on an earnings per share basis to be in the top half of the 7% to 10% range.Moving to Slide 20, as we noted in the release on July 26, 2019, the company's Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.50 per share payable on September 4. This reflects the continuation of the 9.9% increase in the annual dividend declared by the Board on April 17th of 2019. We continue to be a top leader in dividend growth.We have grown our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 10.1% over the last five years, and we expect to continue that growth consistent with our EPS growth expectation at the high end of the 7% to 10% range.We continue to deliver results as expected. For the 12 months ended June 2019 our total company consolidated return on equity was 10.2%. We believe that delivering on results, combined with our strong earnings growth and superior dividend growth expectations continue to provide excellent value for our investors.And with that, let me turn the call back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Susan. Last week, we were very pleased to add three new independent directors to our American Water Board. Kimberly Harris, Patricia Kampling and Lloyd Yates are highly seasoned utility executives who bring combined strengths and expertise in regulatory, operations, business continuity, technology, people leadership and a deep commitment to customers and communities. They will make our already outstanding Board even better. This matters to those who invest in American Water.When deciding the value of an investment, we know that the profiles of our traditional investors are evolving and expanding. We've described some of those profiles on this page. We know that our traditional utility investors need us to keep our conservative, predictable, low risk and dividend growth priorities. We also know that the growing power of ESG investors is very consistent and complementary to our environmental leadership commitment, our leading governance structure and our focus on our employees, customers and communities.Research shows some pretty interesting facts and here some of these investors are which we share on this slide. Likewise, the uniqueness of the different sectors we touch provide a choice for both domestic and international investors looking for infrastructure, environment, growth, water and other specific personal interest areas. Even with somewhat varying priorities, we know that all of our investors expect predictable financial performance, successful execution of our strategies, transparency, integrity, strong governance, and a deep commitment to our customers and communities. That's the American Water story, and it's one that we're proud to tell.With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: It’s actually [Ryan Reynold] on for Julien. Can you talk about your strategy in states you don't currently operate in as more and more states adopt fair market value legislation? What states are most appealing for you and how big can potential opportunities be?
Susan Story: Sure. So currently our growth model is to continue to do tuck-ins and acquisitions in the states where we're present. We do have a model, however, where we have a corporate business development group, and we look across the country. And we actually rate each day pretty much on a couple of factors. One is the regulatory environment. The second is the business environment, how open are they to private water. And the third one is, is there a way within five years we could have at least 50,000 customer connections, because if not, we don't think that it is a benefit, because it could hurt our brand as being efficient, and making sure that we're providing the best economic value for all of our customers. So we don't disclose our ranking of those states. But we are very much aware of what's going on in all the states across the country. And we do those evaluations on a frequent basis.
Unidentified Analyst: And then it looks like the quarter got some help from the asset sales to help offset the unfavourable weather, how much margin you guys have built into the forecast for wet weather in the second half '19?
Susan Hardwick: Well, we don't have anything built into forecast for the last half of the year. We would expect normal weather. We talk about sort of a range of weather dollars that we would anticipate before we would have a significant impact on guidance. We obviously saw a little bit warmer weather in July, but we've got a lot of the third quarter left. So we'll see how the rest of the year plays out.
Susan Story: And keep in mind Ryan, we always talk about the fact that we build in a plus or minus $0.06 in our guidance range. So that's what we'll be looking at in the third quarter. So you can always expect and that doesn't mean that outside of that we would make any changes, but it means that built into our range we're already expecting that type of variability.
Unidentified Analyst: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just lastly, the $100 million increase in CapEx. Is that purely from acquisitions?
Susan Hardwick: Yes, that really is the driver Ryan.
Operator: Next question comes from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: So if you could -- could you expand a little bit on the parental, the legacy investment, what it pertain to and why you elected to include it and the ongoing $0.94 number?
Susan Hardwick: The legacy investment we referred $0.02 to $0.03 impact there really relates to a holding that dates back to probably 20 years ago to a previous investment. And we just look at opportunities from time-to-time when they present themselves to monetize investments like that, and the opportunity presented itself in this particular quarter.
Susan Story: And also the reason that we included it is, we rarely consider anything to be non-GAAP. We try very hard not to. There's a lot of puts and takes we do if it's a one-time change in the tax in a states, that can be $0.04 or $0.05, we don't pull that out. We have as we did if it's a sale of a business, like CSG, we pull that out. But typically unless it's a significant -- and I mean a significant insurance type thing we went to reframe industries or the one-time taxes, we just don't want to get into having these big laundry list of non-GAAP items. So each quarter, we have puts and takes on both sides that are one-time, but they tend to balance out over time.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Were sales contemplated in the guidance range when you originally set it?
Susan Story: Again, we don't look at everything on the balance sheet. And we don't look at that. So it wasn't really contemplated. As we look at puts and takes, it was just one of the things that we had out there. We also have had some negative, I know that there have been a couple of times that we increased reserves for different types of things related to insurance or any type of legal ongoing, and we don't pull those out either.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then I guess maybe ask a little bit of different way. How do your Q2 results compare to your internal plan? Because I know you indicated Q1 was a $0.01 better.
Susan Story: So we are so good at doing our budget, Jonathan, that now we don't give quarterly guidance. So one of the things we have not given quarterly guidance since we IPO’d back out in 2008 and ‘09. And there's a reason because while I know that all utilities have variability during the year, in our business, for example, as Walter mentioned, with the wettest on record, we tend to look at a range and we look at a best case, worst case, expected case, and there's so many puts and takes in there. But there's a reason we don't give quarterly guidance. And there's also a reason we give annual guidance. And of course, you all like to model and look at that. And we understand that and we do have budgeting inside. But we -- this is why we don't give quarterly guidance.
Jonathan Reeder: Fine. The only reason I asked is because on the Q1 call you indicated you were a $0.01 better than your internal plan so.
Susan Story: Yes, yes,
Jonathan Reeder: So just wanted to continue that comment.
Susan Story: So it was a good quarter.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then the Phil partnership, if you’ll recall you said that was just like 100,000 contracts. Just wondering how that growth has progressed in the last three months? What are you up to now?
Susan Story: Yes, I don't have that number. And I'm not sure that we have that, we can get that to you. One of the things we've seen in Philadelphia is a -- the several of the elected officials see this as such a benefit to their citizens, that they're being very vocal about the benefits of this program. And what we did see is that it has already shown itself to be very helpful to many of the constituents who have taken up this warranty service. And that's our point about, it's doing really well, it's continuing to do well, and we're seeing a lot of community support.
Jonathan Reeder: Great. And then the last one, are you still thinking that there could be three military bases awarded this year, and get that notification we assume as you bid on all three of those?
Susan Story: So we are expecting up to three. It's always hard, as you know, Jonathan to predict exactly what the Department of Defense and the services will do. But there could be up to three based on their schedules. And we are very hopeful. It is a very competitive business. We know that we can operate not just efficiently and effectively, but we have leading R&D in terms of dealing with emerging contaminants such as PFAS and all of the type of perchlor and alkals that fall into that. And so, we're very hopeful that from a value added standpoint that we will be the successful winner on all of them, but we will see.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, so you are involved in all three of those that you're saying.
Susan Story: The three that will be awarded that we talk about are those that we are involved with. Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Verdi of Coker & Palmer. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: I just want to say that's a really nice job with earnings this quarter and managing the weather situation. That's kind of a way to manage the business that can be unfavourable, that’s a nice quarter. So when I look at -- I have a kind of something pertaining to P&L. So when I look at my model, I think $0.94 for the quarter, you guys delivered $0.94, on the top you guys delivered at $0.82. So I mean it was pretty tight across up and down the model. However, I mean inside of there, there was -- I mean well it was all tight, there was a little bit of noise. And when you add up that noise, there's somewhat of an issue where really some of that was net with the below the line, other net of 15 million. Can you just discuss maybe a little bit maybe as going off with Jonathan, old Susan or new Susan, please, the 15 million and what we should think about that going forward for modelling purposes?
Susan Hardwick: Well, I guess -- this is new Susan, I would probably say that maybe we need to take this a bit offline for a detailed conversation around that. I think, Susan summarized just a few minutes ago that we view this as a very strong quarter. And it is a matter of transactions that occur and we do a nice job I think of sort of mitigating some of the impacts from weather and other things. But we can certainly have a more detailed conversation with you about some of your model inputs, if that'd be helpful.
Richard Verdi: And then I just have a follow up question to a question I had on the last quarter call pertaining to the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection setting the standards for the PFAS contamination earlier this year. I mean that's something that should act as a as an impetus for privatization in a state and in a state -- I mean obviously New Jersey it’s imperative to the American story. And so now that we're few months moved from that announcement out of the New Jersey DEP camp, I was wondering if maybe you could give us a sense of whether or not the company is potentially seeing an uptick in privatization chatter with municipalities as a result of those PFAS standards out of the New Jersey DEP?
Walter Lynch: Yes, Rich, Walter here. And the answer is I would say, yes. And this is coupled with Water Quality Accountability Act with the PFAS standards. A lot of the missile leaders are looking for options. And we're in discussions with them about sharing our expertise and buying their systems and integrating what they do every day into what we do every day. So, I think it has contributed to more discussions with municipalities as they face these challenges. And we're ready to help them and ready to help the communities meet these challenging standards. So yes, I would say yes to your answer -- your question.
Operator: And I see that there is one more question. That question comes from Michael Gaugler of Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Michael Gaugler: Just wondering if you have any concerns on project work in your Military Group? It appears we're going to shift about 3.6 billion from military base construction to border security. Kind of how you're thinking about that?
Susan Story: It’s a great question, Mike. We actually have worked with our MSG folks and they have been talking with the commanding officers at the bases, the 14 bases we serve. Right now, we don't see an impact from those. These projects, especially the ones beyond the O&M that are special capital projects on base are typically decided a few months out. And as you know, September 30th is the end of the fiscal year. So at this point, we're seeing actually an uptick from where were in the last year or so in terms of interest in getting projects done. And right now, we're not seeing an impact. We'll continue to monitor that and we are having conversations.
Michael Gaugler: And then just as a follow up. Wondering if you think that could slow down any new rate -- any new base contract awards?
Susan Story: That's interesting. We don't see that. In fact what we are seeing is there are several out there that are in process. And we've not seen those slow down. In fact as I mentioned earlier the three we expect to be awarded are active. They have a big process and you basically participate with them unlike where you put a bid and you don't hear for a long time. We actually have to contact with them. And we've not seen those schedules slow down this year at least for those three that are expected to be awarded.
Operator: Seeing no further questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to Susan Story for closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Andrew. Thanks to you all for participating in our call today. Please note we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company to the benefit of your clients and your futures. We always want to be very transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you so you can have complete confidence in your decisions around our company and the investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your question or you have additional questions, please call Ed or Ralph and they'll be happy to walk through anything that you’d like to talk about. Thanks again for listening.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 9, 2019. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing: 1(877)344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. The access code for replay is 10130570. The online webcast will be available at American Water's Investor Relations homepage at http://ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce you to the host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thanks, Brandon, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us for today’s call. We will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make Forward-Looking Statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. Now, these statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q each has filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for all non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All these statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that, I will now turn the call over to American Water’s President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. Before I discuss our first quarter earnings results, I'd like to talk about Linda Sullivan's retirement. While we made the announcement yesterday, she will remain as CFO until July the 1st and will stay with us until August 1st to ensure a smooth transition. This is especially bittersweet for me as Linda and I have been a team since she began her tenure as CFO in early May of 2014 when I moved from the CFO position to CEO. But her family is growing in addition to her two beautiful grandsons you met in a presentation at our Investor Day last December. Her son and daughter-in-law in California are expecting her first grand daughter in June. We're happy for Linda and in a few minutes she will tell you more about her plans. Her accomplishments are too long to live, but I would highlight that from 2014 through 2018, our EPS has grown at an 8% CAGR, our annual dividends have increased at a 10.1% CAGR and our stock price has risen from $46.22 on May the 1st, 2014 to a $107.10 at yesterday's closing. I reminded of an executive team meeting in 2014, when we ask each person for his or her top aspirational goals for American Water, literally Linda said "for our stock to go over $100 per share." Linda, we did it. Linda also oversaw the raising of $4.4 billion of financing capital over the past 5 years. She rebuilt our tax and risk management functions with industry leading talent, and she has led significant improvements in our supply-chain processes. She also designed and developed the financial strategy and planning organization, and she has recently setup digital finance within her organization, one of the first in the utility industry. She has also been very involved in our corporate wide growth, customer and people initiatives, and she helped us recruit her successor, Susan Hardwick, who she has known for several years. Many of you also know Susan, who served more than 6 years as CFO of Vectren. She has 35 years of deep finance and regulated utility experience. She most recently led the execution of the 8.5 billion Vectren sale to CenterPoint Energy. Susan is strongly committed to customers constructive regulatory relationship and building better communities. She prioritizes employee development and the building of collaborative and successful teams. She has a strong record of living and leading the values we have at American Water and is a tremendous fit for our company. She would join our company on June 3rd as Executive Vice President of Finance until she takes the CFO rank from Linda on July the 1st. She is actually here in the room with us today. Linda, would you like to say a few words?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and thank you Susan for your very kind words and your inspirational leadership. I have learned more from you in the last 5 years in my entire career and I thank you immensely. You know, my husband and I took the road-less travel when we moved from California to New Jersey 5 years ago and being part of the American Water team turns out to be the best career decision of my life and I would not trade this experience for anything in the world. And to our analysts and investors, I want you to know that one of my favorite things to do is to meet with you and discuss the American Water story and listen to your insights and views. You are truly the grand teachers and thought leaders of our industry. It has been an absolute pleasure learning from all of you. So now after 30 years in the utility industry, this decision to retire is the hardest career decision I have made and at the same time the easiest personal decision for me and my family. It's hard because I love everything about American Water, the leadership team, my colleagues, my team, the board, and our collective ability to do what we say we're going to do. I believe American Water is the best run utility in the nation and with our announcement today bringing Susan Hardwick on board, I am confident it will continue to be just that. Personally, this is an easy decision for me. My coast-to-coast family is rapidly expanding with two grandsons and a granddaughter due in June and I am fortunate in this stage of life to be able to follow that strong pull of my heart. And you know, it's really hard to explain the way grandchildren make you feel, but there is a song lyric and it's by Andy Grammar that sums it up pretty well, it says, I think I finally found my hallelujah. So, I also love the work I do on several boards and I am eager to spend more time pursuing that passion plus my bucket list is approaching the size of a novel and my husband Tom and I look forward to living those dreams. I would like to thank the leadership team and board for being so understanding and gracious about my decision and working with me through a strong succession plan. I am thrilled to have Susan Hardwick join the team. She will bring tremendous value to American Water.
Susan Story: Thanks Linda. As always, Linda will cover our financial results in just a few minutes. Unfortunately, our COO, Walter Lynch is in Arkansas due to the passing of his father-in-law Alex Street. Many of you know that Walter is a West Point graduate and an Army veteran. Mr. Street also served our country in the Army. At 80 years old, he was still a practicing attorney after more than 50 years. We applaud his life commitment to his family and the values we hold here at American Water integrity, service, and unwavering commitment to his community and country. So, now moving on to our first quarter results, the employees of American Water delivered solid performance and further strengthened our low risk and predictable growth story. Our first quarter 2019 adjusted earnings per share were up 3.4% compared to the first quarter of 2018. As a reminder, we had an extraordinary first quarter of 2018 with a 13.5% EPS increase from the previous year, primarily due to the impact of finalizing both the Pennsylvania and Missouri general rate cases in 2018, which Linda will discuss in more detail. While American Water does not give quarterly guidance, our first quarter results were a penny ahead of plan for the quarter. Given our performance year-to-date we are affirming our 2019 adjusted EPS guidance of $3.54 to $3.64 per share as well as affirming guidance to the top half of our 7% to 10% EPS compound annual growth rate through 2023. Also consistent with our previous dividend guidance on April 17, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend payment from $0.455 to $0.50 per share, a 9.9% increase. The Company has increased its dividend every year since our IPO in April 2008 with consistent annual increases of around 10% per year since 2013. The foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations, so that we can provide clean, safe and reliable service. We invested $337 million total this quarter with a majority for infrastructure improvements in our regulated businesses. We minimized the customer bill impacts of these investments through a continued focus on controlling O&M costs. These cost savings are driven by optimizing capital spend through value engineering and volume procurement, constructive regulatory mechanisms and deploying technology developed with inputs from both our employees and our customers. I'll talk more on the next slide about our continuing progress on regulated acquisitions and their contributions to our long-term growth story. Earnings were up year-over-year in our market based businesses. This was due primarily to growth in customer contracts from homeowner services. Of note, we have a very successful new partnership with Philadelphia where we had added more than 100,000 contracts since we launched the partnership in October 2018, that type of growth would not be possible without our exceptional customer service and our combined homeowner services has an A+ rating from the Better Business Bureau. Our military services group added the Wright-Patterson Air Force Base contract in 2018, and we began full operations at Fort Leonard Wood Army base yesterday, May 1st. We still expect to see decisions by the Department of Defense on up to three military base awards for which we are competing this year. Turning to Slide 8. Let's talk more about growth across our regulated footprint. We have closed on five acquisitions in four different states so far in 2019. Three of these were water systems in Kentucky, Indiana and Missouri; and two were waste water acquisitions in Kentucky and Pennsylvania. These closed acquisitions resulted in 4,700 new customer connections and the join within 3,000 customer connections we added through organic growth in the first quarter. We also look forward to adding another 61,500 customer connections through signed agreements in nine states, most of which we expect to close in 2019. This includes our most recent agreement to acquire East Pasadena Water Company in California, adding 2,900 new connections. Just as a reminder, typically a customer connection or meter represents on average 2.5 to 3 people based on the specific state. At American Water, we believe that all people should have clean and safe water at affordable prices regardless of where they live or the socioeconomic status. These new agreements reflect our commitment to provide water and wastewater solutions to communities across the United States. Moving to Slide 9. Customers remain at the center of every decision we make today and into the feature. This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. As we make these critical investments to maintain reliable service, we must also ensure affordability for our customers. We do this by putting a laser focus on both O&M efficiency as well as capital investment efficiency. This is why our 31.5% O&M efficiency goal by 2023 is so important. As a reminder, this ratio represents how many cents of O&M we spent for every dollar of revenue, meaning we want more dollars to go to investment so we can make our system safer, stronger and more reliable. Our employees live in the communities we serve and they're committed to serving their neighbors and families with the best quality water and water services at affordable prices. Let me give you just one example of we're driving further efficiency. We are finding that due to a growing national shortage of trucking personal, the prices of materials and equipment are rising and scheduling has become more challenging. So, we developed a supply chain strategy to continue to diversify and optimize our suppliers and their willingness to locate closer distribution points, so their states operations are most cost effective. When we roll these savings into other cost efficiencies we get by leveraging our large size and purchasing power, we will save approximately 33 million a year just in purchase of meters, hydrants, valves and pipes. Slide 10 summarizes many of the points I discovered, again we are affirming our 2019 EPS guidance range of $3.54 to $3.64 as well as the affirming guidance to the top half of our 7% to 10% EPS compound annual growth rate through 2023. We're off to a good start this year and we look forward to continuing to deliver stable and predictable results. And with that, I'll turn it over to Linda for her comments.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Susan. I'll start on Slide 12. We had a solid first quarter of 2019 especially compared to a very strong first quarter 2018. GAAP earnings were $0.62 per share and increase of $0.03 compared to the first quarter last year. Included in GAAP earnings was a favorable adjustment of $4 million or a $0.01 per share to reflect a reduction in the settlement liability related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill. This reduction is based on our latest determination of the final claims cost. In total, our share of the original 126 million Freedom Industries related settlement has been reduced to $19 million through insurance recoveries and lower claims. Excluding this benefit, first quarter earnings were up 3.4% which came in a $0.01 above our plan. On strong market based earnings offset partially by timing items in the regulated business in parent. Other highlights included achieving a consolidated adjusted return on equity of 10% for the 12 months period ended first quarter 2019, executing on our capital investment strategy by investing $337 million during the quarter and adding $36 million in annualized new authorized revenue since the beginning of this year. Turning to Slide 13. Let me provide more detail on our first quarter adjusted earnings results. I'll start from the left hand side of this page. As you can see, we had a very strong first quarter of 2018, up 13.5% over first quarter of 2017 on settlement above of the Pennsylvania and Missouri general rate cases last year. First quarter 2019 increased 3.4% on a quarter-over-quarter basis which reflects some timing impacts that I will discuss in more detail as I cover each business. Let me start with our regulated businesses which were up a $0.01 per share. Revenue was at $0.08 in total and included increases from authorized rate cases, infrastructure mechanisms and acquisitions. These increases were partially offset by lower demand and a $0.02 benefit in the first quarter of last year as our Missouri general rate case did not begin to adjust customers rates for the lower federal income tax rate until May 28, 2018. Lastly, I should note we did not see any material impact from weather during the first quarter of 2019. Next, we had higher O&M expense of a $0.01 per share from something we are very proud of. Through finalization of our union negotiated national benefits agreement last year, we now include our 17 national unions in our annual performance plan. This puts our 7,100 employees on the same annual performance plan where the annual payout is based on company performance tied to the goals you see in our proxy statement. So from our CEO to the frontline, our goals are aligned. We believe this investment in our employees will further enable us to meet our O&M efficiency goals, allowing us to reduce the customer bill impact of our critically needed infrastructure investments. Depreciation and interest expense for each up $0.03 per share to support investment growth. Our market-based businesses had a strong quarter up $0.04 or 57% with homeowner services up $0.03 from the acquisition of pivotal and new customer additions. Military services was up a penny from the addition of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base and an increase in capital work at Vandenberg. Lastly, the parent decreased $0.03 from three separate items each a $0.01 per share. First, we had higher interest expense to support growth. Next, we had a tax adjustment that was favorable in 2018 and we also had a penny of expense timing. Turning to Slide 14. I will provide an update on the regulatory proceedings. We settled two rate cases in the first quarter of 2019 in West Virginia and Maryland and implemented our third year rate increase under our four-year plan in New York effective April 1. In West Virginia, we received approval of an annualized revenue increase of $19 million, an ROE of 9.75 and an increased equity ratio to 48.4%. The case was driven by $200 million of infrastructure investment since our last rate case in 2016. Additionally, the distribution system improvement charge was reset to provide for additional investment. This surcharge will be offset by the amortization of deferred tax savings under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In Maryland, we received approval of an annualized revenue increase of over $1 million an estimated ROE of 9.9% and equity ratio of 48.7%. The case was driven by $18 million of investment since 2015. During that time, the Company constructed a new 90 million gallon reservoir and intake near Bel Air, Maryland this new reservoir is now in service and provides a long-term safe and reliable water supply and economic opportunity in that region. We also have three pending rate cases in Indiana, Virginia and Kentucky and filed our preliminary application for our California general rate case. In Indiana, we reached an agreement with the major parties on our rate case. If approved, the new rates will reflect a revenue increase of 17.5 million over two steps, an ROE of 9.8% and an equity ratio of 53.4%. The settlement shows that at the end of the 2020 future test year, Indiana American Water will have invested over $500 million in infrastructure upgrades since its last rate case in 2015. Regarding the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Indiana American already reduced its customer rates by 4.4% on August 1 2018 and the agreement includes credits for the period before August 1st to be spread to customers over 12 months starting in May 2020, a final orders expected by mid-2019. Moving to Virginia, we implemented interim water and waste water rates on May 1st. The general rate case requested an overall increase of 5 million driven by approximately 98 million in infrastructure upgrades since April of 2017. The final rate order could take several months. In Kentucky, our general rate case requested nearly 20 million in additional annualized revenues and was driven by more than 100 million in capital investments since the last rate case in 2016. And yesterday, California American Water filed a preliminary application for its 2021 through 2023 general rate case that includes a first year revenue increase of 23.9 million followed by annual step increases that would support 200 million of infrastructure projects. California is also awaiting a decision on its step increase for 2019. Turning to Slide 15. Today, we are affirming our 2019 adjusted earnings guidance range of $3.54 to $3.64 per share. This excludes the $0.01 favorable impact from the reduction of the liability associated with our Freedom Industries related settlements, which is included in our 2019 GAAP earnings guidance range. Included in our annual guidance range are several variables with the most significant potential variable being the impact of weather, and as a reminder we consider plus or minus $0.06 of weather to be normal weather variability included in our earnings guidance range with the largest weather impact typically occurring in the summer months of third quarter of each year. On a long-term basis we are affirming our 2019 to 2023 long-term EPS guidance in the top half of our 7% to 10% compound annual growth range incurred of 2017 adjusted earnings. Turning to Slide 16. Let me discuss our balance sheet. As we look at our cash flow impact from tax reform originally, we expected lower cash flow of about 500 million from 2018 through 2022. This has improved by a 120 million following the Pivotal acquisition. You can see that the estimated impact is largest in 2020 when we expect to become a cash tax payer, but then declines quickly as rate base grows and becomes positive by 2022. Also as we continue to refine our estimates, we are now forecasting becoming a cash tax payer in the second quarter half of 2020 versus our prior estimate of a full-year in 2020. Now, the actual impact will be largely dependent upon the outcome of our regulatory proceedings regarding tax reform. Also I am pleased to report that our 2018 debt to capitalization ratio came in better than expected at 59% in 2018 further showing our balance sheet strength and cash flow management. Incorporating the better 2018 results into our 5 years plan, we have lowered our expected long-term debt to cap levels by a full percentage point to a range of 61% to 62% by 2023. And I should note the debt to cap ratio includes both long-term and short-term debt. In terms of credit rating earlier this year, Moody's downgraded American Water from A3 to Baa1 with the stable outlook. Although, this appointing we expect the impact to be minimal. And as you know in the second quarter of 2018, S&P affirmed our A credit rating with a stable outlook. In summary, we continue to have a very strong balance sheet, and we do not see the need to issue new equity with our current 5 year plan under normal operating condition. Turning to Slide 17, we are committed to continue to deliver customer and shareholder value with our announced increase in dividends of 9.9%, our 5 year compound annual growth rate and dividend is 10.1% and we now had consistent annual dividend increases since 2013. Looking forward, we expect to grow our dividend at the top end of our 7% to 10% EPS growth range, subject to board approval, and we continue our targeted dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. Our total company adjusted return on equity is holding steady at 10% for the 12 month period ended March 31st. Our weighted average authorized return on equity across our regulated footprint remains at about 9.8%, and we have consistently delivered strong total shareholder return far outpacing the UTY index and S&P 500 over the one, three and 5 year period. Through this disciplined financial management customers and shareholders may be confident that American Water will continue to deliver value. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks Linda, we never forget at American Water that at the end of every water pipe there's a family depending on the safety of the water they give their children, that at every fire hydrant lives depend on the water being there at the right pressure, that at every wastewater plant we are a shield between our customers and disease. We're very proud to announce our most recent awards in the water research foundation to continue research on Legionella while Legionella is primarily an issue in customer owned plumbing and not even on our side of the meter. We think it's critical that we further educate and protect our customers from contaminants that could impact their water quality. As a reminder, we've had an R&D group at America Water since 1981 and our newest research grant is one of over 100 we received on topics ranging from emerging contaminant to water recycling and reuse, to groundbreaking water technologies. We know that employees, customers and investors are seeking to align themselves with and invest in companies that are actively committed to the betterment of society, our planet, and our communities. We believe that successful financial performance follows doing these things as part of our purpose driven value culture. I was fortunate to be asked to participate on the panel at the recent S&P Global ESG Evaluation launch. The key topics at the launch were ESG risk quantification, developing more standardized ESG measures, and improving timeliness of reporting. S&P as well as Moody's have indicated that ESG measures will be an important input into evaluation of risks to overall financial performance capability of companies and their subsequent credit ratings. We're committed to bringing even more transparency in giving you the ESG information that you want, but the wide-ranging and non-standardized measurements today create inconsistency in reporting and comparison. Timeliness of data is a big issue as many of the rankings and ratings we've seen recently are based on data from as far back in 2016 and don't reflect progress that many companies have made over the past few years. We've engaged a leading ESG consulting firm and they recently completed a materiality assessment for us. This effort included detailed interviews with and data research from investors, credit rating analysts, regulators, customers, elected officials, environmental and ESG activists and our own board members and employees. We will use that input to provide more complete and timely information that is most important to the stakeholders we serve and we look forward to you continuing feedback. In closing, I mentioned earlier that professional accomplishments of Linda Sullivan over the past 5 years, but that will be remiss if I didn’t end on something even more important for personal influence and impacts on the heart and soul of who we are as a company. Linda has the highest integrity. She is smart, quick and strategic and she is always asking how can we get better. She cares deeply about our employees, our customers, our communities and our shareholders. She has been a CFO that I depend on everyday to do the fundamentals very best and to look beyond the horizon to what's next. She treats every single person with respect and dignity. I can honestly say that I have learned something from her every day. She is my colleague, my hero and my friend and I will miss her tremendously. For those of you who know her well, you understand this last slide. Linda loves three things very much her family, American Water and Corvettes. So many of you will see Linda, Susan and me with Ed and Ralph over the next two months on investor visits. And while Linda is not retiring until August 1st, this will be her last earnings call. An in and out of things to come, I will share with you another first for American Water. We are one of only three S&P 500 companies with the female CEO and CFO team, and on July 1st, we will have the distinction as the only company for both women even have the same first name, just another way we're trying to make things easy for you. So with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Research. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Linda, congratulations, I'm very happy for you and we will live vicariously through your travels.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you so much Angie.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, I wanted to ask about California, about the recent acquisitions, I mean, I was a little bit surprised. I always thought that most of the municipal M&A is going to come from the Northeast. Some of those are not newly M&A, but could you talk a little more about this?
Susan Story: Sure, Angie, and thank you for the question. So, this is what we call as you know we're tuck-in and in California, there is significant interest from the public utility commission to help the stress system throughout the state. We saw that at the cost of capital hearings in some of the discussions that resulted in the increase and our cost of capital. Our plan that we guide to is basically assuming that all of our acquisitions are these smaller tuck-ins and you will have larger systems of course as you said, and if you look at our history of acquisitions more have been in the northeast and in the Midwest. This was an opportunistic acquisition. We're pleased to have these folks on board. It's a roll-in to service areas where we already are, and again, we have in the past several months seeing for us anyway constructive outcomes at the California PC including the approval of the Monterey desalination facility as part of the water supply project as well as the last general rate case outcome.
Linda Sullivan: And, Angie, if I can add to that, in our cost of capital decision as Susan mentioned, we did have a lot of conversations about investments in California, and it's really important to note that although our ROE decreased to 9.2% in that proceeding, our equity ratio increased from 53% to 55.4%.
Angie Storozynski: And just one last question about New Jersey. Is there any progress on the implementation of this New Jersey Water Quality Accountability Act, meaning as far as it relates to municipal M&A?
Susan Story: That’s a great question, Angie. So many of you know that the first step in implementation was that water providers in the state of New Jersey were going to have to certify to certain parts of those regulations. That is happening though as the regulations are currently still being developed by the DEP in New Jersey to be rolled out further. So, we were the first to certify, for us, it was more business as usual. So, we are just now starting to see some of the certifications coming in. It's our understanding that there may be one or two, I think, a university that may be looking at consolidating those type of certifications and looking where different systems stand in the state. So, it's in the early stages. The regulations are still being promulgated, and we look forward to -- it continued into roll out over the next, probably 6 to 12 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Verdi with Coker & Palmer. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: Before I ask my question, I just wanted to say Linda, I wish you all the best in your retirement, congratulations and that I really appreciate all the time that you gave me from when I would pester you for you know to do conference calls with investors, with me or to go on the road to visit investors. So, I appreciated all that time and I wanted to say that make sure you knew that and I wish all the best in your retirement, congratulations on a well-deserved retirement still I'm sure.
Linda Sullivan: Rich, thank you so much, and it was my pleasure to have those discussions with you.
Richard Verdi: Thank you very much. So kind of I'm pretty clear on everything for the quarter. Just kind of a, I guess, more of a high level question. Last month, we saw the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection announced that it had planned to set standards for the PFOS contamination. And they're much, more strict than the EPA's guidelines, and it appears other states are going to implement similar standards as well. So, I was just kind of hoping maybe you could discuss a little bit about how that could impact the Company on the regulated side in terms of the acquisition front and then on in terms of what it could mean to cost to the Company since it's going to need to deal with the stricter standards as well? And then on top of that, how it could also impact the Company in terms of the military business because you know driver of this contamination is caused by the fire extinguisher foam used on these military bases every day when they're running the drills. And so, I would think that would be you know something with this PFOS contamination could be an impetus to see more of those military bases pursue O&M contracts with the likes of American Water. So just wondered, if you could give us some high level color on how is PFOS contamination could impact the Company?
Susan Story: Rich, thank you for this. This is probably one of the largest emerging issues that will need to be addressed across the country both from states that are doing their own limits on PFOS as well as EPA actually yesterday came out from -- what most people don't understand while the EPA has a recommended maximum contaminant level, there really isn't a regulation. It is not actually a regulated chemical, what it is that they're recommending not to have over certain limits, but they don't have the force of regulation behind it. EPA came out yesterday I read and basically said they are going to do it. They're looking at the level that they were using for maximum contaminant levels that weren't regulated of 70 parts per trillion. New Jersey as you mentioned, has come in with a much lower I believe 13 parts per trillion. To your point about the Company, I mentioned, it's interesting that you've asked this question because I mentioned in my final remarks about the role of our R&D group. We've been doing research on these perfluorinated chemicals for decades. And in fact and I'll talk about military first and I'll come back to the regulated business. We have actually already been working on a couple of three of our military basis to actually treat PFOS. We have mobile units where we can actually do on-site decontamination. And for example, at Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey, we've done tremendous work already with the couple of wells there that we serve. We believe from a military installation standpoint, it's actually a competitive advantage for us. We have treated 2 levels that are at or below what the New Jersey requirements are, we now had to do that. So, this is a serious situation, and if you were to get a nice 4 or 5 page premier for those are there who want to know the National Institute of Environmental Health Services has a wonderful 3 or 4 page premier because some people use, PFOS, PFOAs, they are all part of group of PFCs called perfluorinated chemicals. And they are all man-made materials and the issue comes in is that they are, as you said, firefighting foam, Teflon. It comes for the even Stainmaster things that repel grease and water and it's been used for decades. And so, what is happened is, as we get into the water source of the environment that it just stays and it's consumed by humans, it just doesn’t get release from the body for years and years. And that's where the concern is coming. So this is a very serious issue. We applaud all of the different states as well as the EPA for making this a priority already. We actually see this is a very good thing. We are very supportive of all of the actions being taken on the PFCs in our different states, and we really want to be part of being the solutions provider for those and see it as a strength given all the research and actual deployment we've done on how to decontaminate these, out of water supplies.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: I wanted to echo everyone's remarks when they congrats on the retirement decision. I know you're going to have fun through the rest of your live as you have been while at American Water Works. And I think I understand how it's an easy personal decision for you to make. Then last point, I thought when Susan was saying for the first time American Water Works history and have just been talking about Corvette. I thought she was going to say there was a new Corvette waiting for you in the parking lot. Maybe they don't like you that much, I don’t know.
Linda Sullivan: I was hoping that too Jonathan, but it didn't happen.
Jonathan Reeder: It is okay, yes. So anyway, Susan, just want to ask you, in light of the recent rate case outcome, how do you think about West Virginia in terms of the inner core state for you? I know in some pretty good rate cases there, they were challenging outcomes plus kind of the way -- the Freedom even was treated, seem less than kind of equitable to you guys. So just wondering how you do West Virginia today?
Susan Story: So, West Virginia, first of all for those of who ever been there, it's a beautiful state and we had been in West Virginia since 1880. And the last two rate case outcomes we've had, including a settlement, I mean this was a settlement reach without parties. We were very constructive because in West Virginia, there's a realization you know maybe as much as any other state about the importance of clean water and safe water. And it's not just an issue for American Water, the public providers of water there and wastewater services see the same thing. So, we have some wonderful employees in West Virginia. We have some outstanding customers in West Virginia and we're very excited that there is a growing realization from all of the parties to stakeholders as well as the regulatory commission about the importance of investment for the future to ensure that that state can continue to grow economically and have a safe water, wastewater and fire protection system for its citizens.
Linda Sullivan: And Jonathan, I'll add to that as well, as you know, West Virginia now has a decent mechanism as well for continuing investment in the state. And as part of our settlement of the rate case, they authorized a 9.75% ROE, which is the same that we had in the last case. But they also increased the equity ratio from 45.84% to 48.4%, so really showing that the need for attracting capital to the state.
Jonathan Reeder: Good stuff. Glad things are improving there for sure. Linda, did you quantify what the weather impact, the headwind was in Q1 '19 then? I mean I know it's huge and not overly sensitive, but…
Linda Sullivan: Yes, we did not have any, any really at all weather impact in the first quarter.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, I thought, I heard you say that that was a bit of a headwind, sorry about that. And then, I also kind of missed what you said was driving the expected 1% improvement from your prior forecast and the 2023 debt to total cap ratio going to 61 to 52. What were the drivers there?
Linda Sullivan: So, it was really kind of refining -- our estimates are actual, came in much better than we thought for 2018, and we also have had a very, very strong, strong focus on cash flow management.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, okay, alright, well thank you very much and enjoy the future, I know you will. End of Q&A
Susan Story: Thanks Jonathan. And that's the last question and we thank you all for participating in our call today. Please note that we value you as our investor owners, and as a financial analyst, who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We also want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with all of you, so that you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your question or you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph, and they will be happy to help. You may also see in the next few weeks or months, the newest member of our Investor Relations team, Abbey Barksdale, who is our new investor relations ESG manager. I'd like to remind everyone that our annual shareholders meeting will take place a week from tomorrow, Friday, May 10th. Thanks again for listening.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through February 27, 2019. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing the following number: 1(877)344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088. The access code for replay is 10128489. The online webcast will be available at American Water's Investor Relations homepage at http://ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce you to the host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you, Phil, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today’s call. As usual we will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for any of your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make Forward-Looking Statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our December 31st 2018 Form 10-K each has filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio, can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. Now all these statements of this related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that, I will now turn the call over to American Water’s President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Linda Sullivan will cover in detail the fourth quarter and full-year financial results, and our COO, Walter Lynch who will give key updates on our operations. 2018 was a very eventful year for American Water, beginning with historic tax reform, the conclusion of several key rate cases and active acquisition year in both regulated and market based businesses, the sale and its continuation of a few market based business lines and a sharp focus on deploying smart technology and excelling at business fundamentals. Through it all, we further strengthened our loan risk and predictable growth story. We experienced continued growth in our regulated businesses from investment, acquisitions, and organic growth. Our market based businesses achieved very strong year-over-year growth led the Keystone impairment and provided increased cash to our overall business. Our $3.30 adjusted EPS is an 8.9% increase over adjusted 2017 EPS. We are affirming our 2019 EPS guidance range of $3.54 to $3.64 per share and we continue our focus on achieving the top half of our 7% to 10% EPS growth CAGR guidance though 2023. Our fundamental story at American Water remains the same and our performance is consistent as we report another strong year of results for 2018. The capital investment we make in regulated operations continues to be the foundation for our growth. $1.5 billion of the total of $2 billion that we invested in 2018 was for regulated infrastructure improvement with almost $400 million for acquisitions including our acquisition of Pivotal. Let me mention a few of our 2018 highlights. First, and most importantly we continued to be a safer Company in which our employees work. We finished 2018 with fewer employee injuries than in any other year recorded in our Company's history. But we won't be satisfied until we have zero injuries throughout our business. We continued our commitment to the highest levels of water quality, the environment and our customers safety by leveraging new and groundbreaking technologies. We had installed additional surface water monitoring panel at all of our major surface water intake and we are working on a comprehensive data analytics strategy that will enhance our ability to detect issues and respond accordingly. This one hits the protections we provide to our customers. Phases 2 and 3 of these systems scheduled for this year will utilize Artificial Intelligence and machine learning. We are also implementing technology tools for our front line employee that will enhance communication and mobility to empower our people to significantly improve our customer experience. And as we invest, we work to lower O&M cost and deploy capital as efficiently as possible while also leveraging our buying power and strategic sourcing to drop cost savings. Walter will talk a bit further about these in just a moment. We also experienced strong customer growth. We added 25,000 new customers in the reg business through closed acquisitions and organic growth. We have an additional 61,000 customer connections under agreement for acquisitions pending regulatory approval. Our portfolio of market based businesses also provided strong growth by leveraging our core competences, using little to no capital and generating healthy cash flows. We completed the $365 million acquisition of Pivotal, welcoming 650,000 new customers. In our legacy home owner services organization, we launched partnerships with Philadelphia and Fort Wayne, Indiana and received intent to award notices for new partnership with San Francisco, Toledo, Ohio and Pinellas County Florida. We also added our 14th military base with the addition of Fort Leonard Wood army base in Missouri, and we took steps to optimize our market based businesses, selling the majority of our contract services and narrowing Keystone Clear Waters operations to its more predictable and profitable water trends for business. With that, I will turn it over to Walter.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan and good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our regulated businesses had a strong year all around with historic capital investment, strategic acquisitions and continued O&M efficiency that benefits our customers. Turning to Slide 8. There was a significant amount of progress in the regulatory front throughout 2018 and continuing into 2019. Let me start with the New Jersey rate case. In October New Jersey American Water received in order to finalizing its rate case which was driven by more than $868 million in capital investment since our last rate case in 2015. The new rates represent a $40 million annual increase in water and waste water revenue with an authorized return in equity of 9.6% at an equity ratio of 54% up from 53% in the last case. The Board of Public Utilities also approved the rolling of $35 million distribution system improving charge. New Jersey American Water is providing breeze on single issue not covered by the settlement mainly the rate recovery of the acquisition adjustments for [indiscernible] acquisitions. We expect the decision by the end of the second quarter. Pennsylvania American Water received in order for its rate case with an authorized return on equity of 10% at an equity ratio of 53.75%. These new rates were effective in January 1st, 2018 and represent approximately $1.3 billion in investment to protect public health in more than 400 communities served by Pennsylvania American Water. In May, Missouri American Water received in order to finalizing their rate case resulting in approximately $38 million in additional annualized revenue with an authorized return on equity of 10% at an equity ratio of 52.8%. The new rates were driven by approximately $255 million in investment since our last rate case. In mid-December, California American Water received an order finalizing its rate case for the period 2018 to 2020. The order approved approximately $171 million in capital investment during this three year period. As a reminder, the return on equity of 9.2% at an equity ratio of 55% were approved in a separate cost of capital proceeding. These rates are retroactive to the beginning of 2018. We also received approval of our request for a pilot program which waves the customer service fee for payments made by credit card. Rate consolidation of several systems in northern and central California and a continuation of our low income rate payer systems program. In a separate preceding, we received approval for the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project, which is a critical water supply solution for more than 40,000 customer connections. Moving to 2019, in West Virginia. We received approval of the settlement agreement earlier this month, with an authorized return on equity of 9.75% at an equity ratio of 48.4%. This case was driven by the Company's ongoing infrastructure investments of more than $200 million into flash rate case in 2016. Additionally the Company's distribution system improvement charge or DSIC will be reset to provide for additional investment. This DSIC surcharge will be offset by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. In Maryland, we received approval of settlement agreement for new water rates earlier this month, with an estimated return on equity of 9.9% at an equity ratio 48.66%. The case was driven by $18 million of investments made since 2015. During that time, the Company constructed a new 90 million gallon reservoir and intake. This new reservoir is now is service and provides a long-term safe and reliable water supply and economic opportunity for that region. On Slide 9, you can see that there continues to be substantial progress in the legislative side as well. In Indiana, ACT 362 the Indiana Water Commitments Act was approved in 2018. It focuses on environmental permitting and state revolving loan funds with periodic reviews for the utilities, ensuring adequate investment, rates and environmental compliance. In Pennsylvania, the redevelopments on three separate acts, ACT 120 became effective in December of 2018 and allows a water utility to include the replacement cost per customer owned lead by service lines in rate base. ACT 58 clarifies the public utility commissions authority to approve alternate rates and rate mechanisms, such as decoupling mechanisms, performance based rates, formula rates and multiyear plans. ACT 12 pertain the fair market value was constructively clarified and allows for communities to monetize their assets and redirect the proceeds for other projects, like streets, parks and equipment for first responders. Illinois fair market value legislation was expanded and extended from five years to 10 years continuing to allow utilities to acquire systems and streamlining regulatory approval process. Maryland and Iowa have also enacted similar fair market value legislation. We now have eight states within our regulatory footprint with this enabling legislation. In California, three bills were signed that benefit communities and water and wastewater customers by removing barriers for the communities to seek solutions. On the Federal side, the Water Infrastructure Act was signed into law in 2018. The result of this law include policies that set a course for enhanced water compliance and improved management for water systems across the country. All these efforts held by our Company to provide solutions in water and wastewater challenges across our footprint. Turning to Slide 10. 2018 was also a great year for growth. We welcomed more than 14,000 customer connections through closed acquisitions, most recently in Roxbury New Jersey and Sheridan Indiana. We also welcomed 11,000 customer connections to organic growth and we will welcome another 61,000 customer connections through 23 signed agreements in 10 different states. This again highlights our ability to grow across our footprint as we continue to provide solutions for our communities. Turning to Slide 11. Our smart investments must be balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. In 2018, we invested $1.5 billion on a regulated operations. Investment remains critical to ensure reliable service, but for us it's also about affordable service. We continue to make progress towards our long-term O&M efficiency target of 31.5% by 2023. You can see the progress we made in our O&M efficiency ratio going from 46.1% in 2010 to 35.6% in 2018. To put this out in the perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses only slightly higher today than they were in 2012, with the compound annual growth rate of just 0.6%. During that time, we have invested more than $7 billion in infrastructure and added about 150,000 customer connections. We are extremely proud of how we are managing our O&M expense. For example, our corporate supply chain we are partnered with our technology and innovation team in 2018 to deliver $1.4 million in [indiscernible] account savings through improved contract terms. We expect these savings to continue through 2019. On Slide 12, we are pleased to announce a few of our notable accomplishments during the final quarter of 2018. Our water supply project in Monterey received two distinguish awards. It was chosen as the environmental project of the year by the local chapter of the American Public Works Association. And it also won an award from the Association of Environmental Professions, each year this organization rewards projects that best align with California's environmental focus. Also our reservoir in Maryland is now finals for the Maryland Engineering Excellence Award. And finally, Missouri American Water recently received funding from the EPA's WIFIA program for projects in Joplin and St. Louis. The project in Joplin is a much-needed 12 billion gallon reservoir and ensure reliable water supply for the 240,000 people in that service area. In St. Louis, we will be replacing 100 miles of lanes and lead service lines. WIFIA program accelerates investment in our nation's water infrastructure by providing long-term low-cost supplemental loans for regionally and nationally significant projects. With that, I will turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thanks you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with our fourth quarter and full-year 2018 financial results on Slide 14. For the quarter, GAAP earnings were $0.62 per share compared to a loss of a penny in the same period last year. In the fourth quarter of both years, we adjusted GAAP earnings for the remeasurement of differed taxes resulting from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. You may recall that due to the complexity of the Act the SEC provided companies a one year window to finalize their estimates. We have now completed that process and recorded a $12 million or $0.07 charge in the fourth quarter of 2018 for the final remeasurement. Excluding this item in both years, adjusted fourth quarter earnings was $0.69 per share flat to the prior year as we expected mainly from a $0.05 favorable depreciation adjustment in the fourth quarter of 2017 and I will discuss the quarter in more detail in a moment. Our full-year GAAP earnings was $3.15 per share in 2018 which includes several adjustments, the remeasurement of differed taxes I just discussed, the gain from sale as the majority of contract operations, the impairment at Keystone and the final favorable insurance settlement related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill. Excluding these items and similar items in 2017, our adjusted earnings was $3.30 per share up 8.9% over adjusted earnings in 2017. Turning to Slide 15. Let me discuss the fourth quarter adjusted results in more details. Our regulated businesses were up $0.05 in total. Revenue was up $0.18 from rate authorizations to support capital investments acquisitions and organic growth. This revenue was reduced by the $0.16 impact from the lower Federal tax rate expected to benefit regulated customers. O&M expense increased $0.05 in total, with about $0.02 supporting regulated acquisitions and growth and the remainder related to timing of certain maintenance and repairs including a penny expenses in New Jersey. Depreciation expense increased $0.09, $0.04 from investment growth and $0.05 from the benefit recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017 to reflect the full-year new depreciation rates approved in Illinois as I mentioned earlier. And income tax expense was favorable $0.16 from the lower Federal tax rate. Turning to our market based businesses. They were down a penny in total, with the impact from Keystones final close out at the construction business more than offsetting growth in our homeowner services group. The parent company was down $0.04 from queue items, half from the lower tax yield on the interest expense from the lower Federal tax rate and about half from the tax return true up in the fourth quarter of 2018. Turning to Slide 16. Our full-year 2018 adjusted earnings were $3.30 per share an 8.9% increase over 2017 adjusted earnings. We had strong growth across the Company in 2018 with our regulated operation up $0.23 per share from investment and acquisition growth, our market based businesses up $0.09 primarily from growth in homeowner services including the Pivotal acquisition and the positive impact from tax reform. And the parent was down $0.05 mainly from the lower tax yield on interest expense. Overall a strong year with consistent execution across all businesses and that can only happen with the dedicated commitment of our employees across the Company. Turning to Slide 17. Walter reviewed our rate case activities for 2018 and 2019 and that activity resulted in a total of $201 million in new annualized revenues effective since January 1st, 2018. This includes $171 million of new annualized revenue in 2018 and $30 million from new annualized revenue so far in 2019. We are also awaiting final orders on three rate cases and one infrastructure charge for a total outstanding revenue request of $45 million. Slide 18 highlights our key financial performance metrics that continue to create customer and shareholder value. We invested capital of $2 billion in 2018 including $1.5 billion of regulated system improvements to better serve our customers and $33 million in close regulated acquisitions that added 14,000 new customer connections. These investments increased our estimated rate base at year-end 2018 to $12.6 billion an 8.7% increase from the prior year. We also completed the $355 million acquisition of Pivotal and the remaining $100 million was primarily for our new headquarters building and as a reminder our headquarters building is eligible for up to $154 million in New Jersey tax credit that will be paid out over the next 10 years. And importantly we estimate this move to be revenue neutral for our regulated customers. Our cash flow from operations held steady even with the impacts of Tax Reform. This was due to our strong adjusted net income growth and the increase in cash flow from our market based businesses mainly from the Pivotal acquisition. Also we continue to expect to begin to pay cash taxes late this year and be a full-year cash tax payer in 2020. So what does that mean from the cash flow perspective? It means that given the continuation of accelerated depreciation, repairs and other deductions, we expect cash taxes to be roughly half of our book taxes beginning in 2020 under our long-term plan. Our adjusted return on equity improved from 9.9% to 10.1%. Our weighted average authorized return on equity across our regulated footprint is approximately 9.8% with a weighted equity ratio at about 51.5%. and I would like to note that the equity ratio represents an increase of more than four percentage points from year-end 2017. Our actual adjusted ROE of 10.1% reflects the continued value of our market based businesses and our regulated businesses efforts to narrow the gap between authorized and achieved returns through a continuous improvement culture that focuses on both O&M and capital efficiency. We have been a top leader in dividend growth, we have grown our dividend at/or above 10% for six consecutive years and we expect to grow our dividend over the next five years at the top of our 7% to 10% EPS growth range subject to Board approval. Also we continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. Turning to Slide 19. We are today affirming our 2019 EPS guidance range of $3.54 to $3.64 per share. At the guidance midpoint that represents an 8.8% increase over 2018 adjusted EPS. The major variables included in our guidance range are consistent with what we have shown you before with plus or minus $0.06 of normal weather variability being the most significant. Events or variations outside of these ranges could cause our results to differ. In our 2019 through 2023 financial plan, we are affirming EPS growth in the top half of our 7% to 10% compound annual growth rate while investing capital in the range of $8 billion to $8.6 billion mainly for our regulated customers and with our strong balance sheet we do not see a need to issue additional equity under normal operating conditions. With that, I will turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thank you Linda. America Waters has created a foundation based on continued execution of our strategies and this navigates us through market ups and downs and drives our long-term success. At a recent business dinner a non utility colleague asked me directly, "So with your evaluations why should I invest in American Water?" I laid out our investment thesis as summarized on this slide which many of you are familiar with, but which we are never tired of discussing. There are too many of these to address on this call, but as always we will be happy to engage with you at a later time on any or all of these factors. And all this is deemed to the 7100 people who are American Water. Once again when subzero temperatures hit in early January of this year, our folks were out there working 24 hours a day so that our customers have the precious resource of water at their faucets as well as critical fire protection and sanitation services. We had many great challenges throughout the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic, and northeast, but none were dramatic than in Iowa and Up State Michigan where temperatures dipped to minus 25 degrees with minus 50 degree wind shield. While we only worked emergencies during this brutal cold, we doubled and tripled crew sizes to enable very short work cycles and we provided the best protective equipment possible to ensure employees safety as they heroically work in this temperature into spring. These folks are amazing and they are the heart and soul what makes us successful. It is our firm belief that companies do well by doing good. More and more employees customers and inventors think to align themselves with companies who have responsible policies, make a positive impact in their communities, lead in protecting the planet, investing their employees and operate in an open and transparent manner. We believe when you do these things responsibly long-term financial sustainability follows. It was just announced last week that for the second year in a row American Water was named to Barron's 100 most sustainable companies. This year, we ranked highest of all utilities of any type coming in at number 23 up from 36 last year. It was also announced last month that we were selected for the 2019 Bloomberg Gender Equality Index one of only 230 companies globally. And as shown on this chart these recognitions joined others such as our inclusion in last year’s NAACP inaugural index line. We have in business for 133 years and we want to be in business for at least that many more. We have succeeded through world wars, market swing, company ownership changes, macro and technology disruptions and the full continuum of political and regulatory policy. We have provided our shareholders with 140% PSR over the past five years. We have provided clear and transparent insight into our future with decades of needed investments. We have a strong history of executing on our strategy through efficiencies in both O&M cost and capital deployment. Our regulated capital investment is low risk, consisting of over 100 different water projects per year reducing the overall risk of any single project to our plan. And our commitment to our shareholders continued through dividend growth guidance at the high end of our 7% to 10% EPS growth guidance. History matters, experience matters, and predictability matters, and that is why we are confident in our business and growth for the future. Thank you. And we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie Research. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you very much. Great results as always. I have a question about your market based businesses. How is the Pivotal acquisition or its integration into your business going on versus your original growth plans for this platform? I mean what are you seeing now? And secondly, how should we think about Keystone’s earnings contributions embedded in your 2019 guidance? Thank you.
Susan Story: Well I will start and Angie and then Linda can pickup. So the Pivotal integration has grown - really going exceedingly well, better than actually we thought it would. Culturally a great fit. As you saw from the numbers that Linda presented a very, very good year for the entire homeowner services organization and Pivotal was part of that as well as the legacy homeowner services which actually won five key partnerships which adds a tremendous impact on the future profitability and cash that we get from that business. And before I turn it over to Linda to talk about the financials, just quickly on Keystone. So as we mentioned on the third quarter call, so we had shutdown the trucking of water business and the construction business. And we are focusing on water transfer only and as we pointed out it was the most predictable and profitable. One thing to-date even this year we are seeing that hypothesis prove out with a very strong year to water transfer thus far in 2019. And as Linda said, you saw a little bit at the end of 2014 impact financially as we are taking finally closing out the entire construction business.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and I can add to that Angie. In terms of the Pivotal integration as Susan said its going very well. And in terms of our financial projection they are coming in as expected. And so we stand by our original projections that are included in the five year plan. From the perspective again as Susan mentioned, we closed out the construction business in the fourth quarter. So the bulk of that was impacted fourth quarter. We are seeing early this year the results as we anticipated and so we are excited about that we will update you more in the first quarter.
Angie Storozynski: Great and my follow-up question maybe a little bit unfair, I admit it. So you are another large water company is about to have a very big equity issuance granted that it is to finance a gas acquisition. But do you think that will have a negative impact on your stock or you evaluation? Do you think that is just too early from the funds flow perspective this money would be coming in from your stock? Or you think that this diversification into the gas utility sector is actually going to attract the different source of money?
Susan Story: Well, Angie as always we don’t comment on other companies, but I will tell you in terms of American Water, the space for water is very scarce as you know and also for us we are seeing a significant growing focus on ESG and being a water utility positions us very strategically in that space. We are seeing a lot of interest as you probably notice globally, not just with utility fronts, but global infrastructure, global environment front. So there is a lot of money looking for good places to go. We think we are the best place for that money to go and so we are just going to continue to telling our story and we think there is a lot of interest given the story that we have got and the proven execution on these strategies and the fundamentals that we trying to exhibit every year, every quarter, every day.
Angie Storozynski: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey team, good morning. So just to start off, I have two questions. First in the quarter, Linda just is it fair to assume that when I look at the parent other segment quarter-over-quarter, majority of that $0.04 lower earnings contribution is Tax Reform related to that sort of a one-time event and as we are looking to do our 2019 models that should pretty much go away?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, absolutely. $0.02 in the quarter was associated with Tax Reform and then when you move into 2019 that will be comparable year-over-year. And the other $0.02 was associated with the tax return true up that we had in the fourth quarter. Generally we true up either in the third or fourth quarter of each year.
Durgesh Chopra: Perfect, thanks. And then just going back to Walter. Any color on the acquisition adjustment here, any more color. I don’t know if you can provide maybe perhaps what rate base that is. And then just what are we assuming in 2019 guidance as it relates to what might be the outcome of those hearings?
Walter Lynch: Yes, Durgesh, just briefly on the adjustments, we submitted briefs and we are going to continue to work with the Board of Public Utilities to provide our side of the stories to why there should be recovery on those acquisitions. And as I said, we are looking at the end of the second quarter for the decision to come out from VP. I can't give a whole lot more guidance on that at this point.
Durgesh Chopra: That is fair. Thank you guys.
Susan Story: Thanks Durgesh.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Verdi with Coker & Palmer. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: Hey good morning guys. Thank you for talking my call and great quarter. I wanted to follow-up actually on your first callers first enquiry, I had a very similar question, but I want to bring it back to the fourth quarter the way it was reported and kind of just give a little bit of an explanation for it. So on a consolidated basis, the Company beat our top-line estimate, but when I break it down and I look at the regulated revenue America reported $717 million, that's exactly what we have and the $30 million outperformance came on the non-regulated side. And my thinking is well maybe I didn't capture, maybe there were sales in there from the Keystone trucking and construction sale that maybe I should have picked up or it could have come from added strength from Pivotal that it just came in better than expected. So I'm wondering if you could just share and give a little bit more detail. How much of that non-regulated sales for the quarter? How much of that was from the Keystone construction and trucking? Did we just pick it up for October? And then how much of it was really from that Pivotal strengths? Because you know going forward modeling, I don't want to underestimate Pivotal obviously, and I don't want to add in trucking construction when it’s no longer going to be there.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Rich this is Linda. And if you look in the appendix to the slides, on Slide 30 we included additional detail on revenue, because of all of the moving parts in the fourth quarter. And you can see on that slide deck HOS from a revenue perspective was up $76 million of revenue and that was due to the better results for HOS as well as the integration of Pivotal. Keystone was up $6 million year-over-year from a quarter perspective, I’m sorry this is the full-year. $6 million Keystone was up and that is primarily from the increase in the water transfer business. And then we had lower revenue results from military services just from lower capital upgrades as well as our contract services group from the sale of that group this year. So that is included in the breakdown for revenue on Page 30 and I think that will help you.
Susan Story: For a clarification Rich, we did not sell Keystone's construction business or trucking. We shut it down. There was no revenue, that was related to that. And in our non-GAAP earnings we did not include the benefits from the sale of CSG. We simply did not include that, nor did we include a positive outcome from an interim sale. So what Linda said is, you look at that chart, this is truly from ongoing operations, this does not include any revenues from one-time sales.
Richard Verdi: Got it, okay. I'm sorry, I meant to say shut it down, I'm sorry I misspoke, I'm trying to think. Got it. okay, thank you for that. And then the second question is for the regulated acquisition front. I'm just wondering if there are any states where the Company is more heavily focused the next five years? And the reason why I asked that is because I noticed just the other day that the New Jersey assembly and the Senate approved a bill where local governments are going to be allowed to tax homeowners and companies that have very large paid surfaces because the pollutants from those surfaces are seeping into the water systems and so the extra tax revenue is going to be used for upgrading water systems and what have you. But thinking about it I mean no one want extra taxes right, higher taxes. So that is going to be very supportive of privatization. And then when you think about - so you think about that New Jersey you think about WIPA you think about the Water Accountability Act, you think that American Water is headquartered in New Jersey. You would think logically well, this is very supportive on the regulated acquisition front for American to really dive deeper into New Jersey. But at the same time the Company also wants to remain diversified. So just wondering if you could give us just some sort of color on that regulated acquisition front. Its maybe you are leaning more towards New Jersey or if there are any other states maybe who are more heavily focused on in next five years?
Walter Lynch: Great question Rich, thanks for that. We are focused on growing really across our footprint and I think as I said, we closed 23 acquisitions in 10 states, which shows that we are focused on growing across our footprint. Our state teams are leading this charge and they are focused on again providing solutions for communities in need and that's really what we are focused on. Yes, there are some great space New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Indiana, Illinois that really have advanced I think the notion of private water companies providing solutions and you look at all the fair market value legislation out there that is encouraging us to do these kind of acquisitions. So we are really excited about the growth opportunities. As we said before, we have over 500,000 customer opportunities in our pipeline and that is because we are providing solutions and our communities recognize that and it’s just something we are very, very proud of.
Susan Story: And Rich you bring up a really good point and I think is going to be an ongoing policy move throughout the United States which is the actions the New Jersey is taking with all the concerns about contaminates and with all of the focus on the [perfluoro] (Ph) chemicals especially. We think that with the Water Quality Accountability Act with the things that are happening you are correct this does position us not just in New Jersey but in all of our states. Because for example on the perfluoro chemicals and that is the generic name for whether you are talking about PFOAs or PFNAs or name any of these type of chemicals. And why that is interesting is that while there was a lot of discussion around the EPAs position to not immediately form a maximum contaminant level, what most people may not understand is EPA does currently have a non-enforceable health advisory a [70 parts per trillion] (Ph). Well at American water we don’t wait for maximum contaminant levels, when the EPA has health advisories, we actually ensure that our systems are consistent with that. So we are already meeting the existing EPA health advisory. We test for it, we check for it, before it even becomes an MCL. Now I don’t know what that number is for municipalities, I don’t know what that number is for the companies, but I think your broader point which is as we see this in New Jersey, you see this as we think that that will become an issue everywhere, in all of our states we are starting to see a lot of concern about these contaminant. And as Walter said, when we talk about being a solutions provider, it’s not just buying answers and providing hopefully better service when we go in, because this is all we do water and wastewater, but it’s also providing critical health solutions for things like emerging contaminant. And also as Walter said in his comment, in some of states we are actually seeing the ability for us to go in and replace customer led service lines even if the lead's not in our pipes, because we can do it more cheaply as we are replacing our pipes. So that is the broader story around us being a solutions providing. And I think what you mentioned is going to be an increasing theme across this country as there is more and more concerns in all the states about these contaminants.
Richard Verdi: That is very interesting and excellent color. I really appreciate the time guys. Great quarter, great color and thank you very much.
Susan Story: Thank you.
Operator: Okay. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Phil. And thanks everybody for participating in our call today. As always, we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our Company for the benefit of your clients and their financial futures. We will always be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, because we want you have to complete confidence in your decisions around our Company and the investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your questions or you have additional questions, please call Ed or Ralph, and they will be happy to help. We look forward to talking to you again in our 2019 first quarter earnings call that will be on May the 2nd and our Annual Stock Conference meeting which will take place on Friday May the 10th. Thanks again for listening. We hope everybody has a great rest of your week.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-01 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Vallejo – Vice President-Investor Relations Susan Story – President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Sullivan – Chief Financial Officer Walter Lynch – Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Durgesh Chopra – Evercore ISI Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Jonathan Reeder – Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water’s Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company’s Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 8, 2018. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10125306. The audio webcast will be available on American Water’s Investor Relations homepage at ir.amwater.com through December 1, 2018. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Karl. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today’s call. We will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and to address your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted earnings per share both as historical financial information and as earnings guidance and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio, can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website and will remain available through December 1, 2018. All statements made during this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that, I will now turn the call over to American Water’s President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us. As always, after my opening remarks, you will hear from our COO, Walter Lynch on regulated business highlights. And then our CFO, Linda Sullivan on third quarter financial results. However, Linda will join me in a few minutes as we talk a bit more about our Keystone operations before turning it over to Walter. We’re pleased to report another strong quarter of performance. Our third quarter adjusted earnings per share were up 11.1% compared to 2017 and our nine months year-to-date grew 11.5% year-over-year. The foundation for our growth continues to be the capital investment we make in regulated operations. We invested a total of $1.5 billion during the first nine months of the year with $1.1 billion for regulated infrastructure and $383 million for acquisitions, which includes our acquisition of Pivotal. We had several positive events this quarter, which Walter will discuss more fully in just a few minutes. To mention just a few, we received a BPU approved settlement in our New Jersey rate case and reached a stipulated agreement with a consumer advocate and PSC staff in West Virginia. We received a unanimous five to zero vote by the California Public Utilities Commission for our Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project, which includes both water reuse capabilities and a desalination facility. We’re also pleased to get clarifying legislation to exempt water and wastewater utilities from the 2018 New Jersey tax law changes. We continue to have strong regulated customer growth. To date, we have welcomed about 16,500 new customer connections through closed acquisitions and organic growth. We have an additional 56,000 customer connections under agreement for acquisition. Walter will give you more detail shortly. Our adjusted earnings increase of over 11% was also driven by growth in our market-based businesses. We’re pleased to share that our homeowners services financial results to date are above projections with both excellent operating performance and Pivotal integration expenses favorable compared to our plan. We look forward to fully integrating the business and realizing synergies in the future. Our legacy Homeowner Services Group has had several wins this year. Most recently we announced formal partnerships with the city of Philadelphia and Fort Wayne, Indiana. We also have received notices from San Francisco and Toledo, Ohio of their preliminary intent to award partnerships to us following final negotiations. Additionally, we were pleased to announce last month that our Military Services Group won a 50 year, $591 million contract to serve Fort Leonard Wood army base in Missouri. We are very proud to grow to 14 basis, where we serve quality water, fire protection and sanitation services to the incredible men and women and their families who serve our nation and defend our liberties. And as we have already shared, we sell the majority of our Contract Services Group to Veolia in July. We are recognizing a positive $0.06 of benefit from that sale this quarter as a non-GAAP item. Now, let’s move to Keystone. As you saw in our press release late yesterday, we have taken an after tax impairment charge of $40 million for Keystone this quarter. This is a result of our efforts to streamline the business and focus on the operations that we believe will deliver the most predictable and stable margins going forward. The original structure of Keystone consisted of three businesses, water trucking, construction services, which focused mainly on permanent waterline pipeline construction for oil and gas companies and water transfer, which involves the mobilization and operation of temporary piping and pumping systems to transfer water to storage locations and well pads. As you know, we were able to manage the business to be neutral to earnings during the overall market downturn in 2016 and we closed last year slightly positive in net income. This year consistent with what we have noted in the past few earnings calls, the water services market in the Appalachian Basin has been growing and in fact our revenues through the second quarter showed a steady increase, three quarters in a row. However, this increase in revenues did not flow to the bottom line due to the operational challenges in the construction business. We discontinued the very small water trucking business earlier this year and are now exiting the construction business as we have determined in the past month that it is simply too small and volatile for the management time that it was consuming. Going forward Keystone will be a water transfer services business, which has demonstrated continuing operational success and better margin predictability. These low capital mobile piping and pumping systems enable water recycling and reuse in order to reduce both fresh water consumption and reduce the waste disposal needs for our customers. We are continually evaluating the performance and contributions of our market-based businesses to determine which ones both leverage our core competencies and deliver appropriate risk adjusted returns. At this point in time, we believe that narrowing the focus to water transfer is the best way to determine whether Keystone should continue to be part of our portfolio for the future. Linda will now discuss the financials around Keystone a bit further.
Linda Sullivan: Thanks, Susan. Regarding the Keystone impairment, we recorded a $40 million after tax impairment charge this quarter or $0.22 per share. And there were two primary drivers to the impairment. First, as Susan mentioned, although we saw higher revenue trends this year in both water transfer and construction, the operational challenges in our construction business led to several financial adjustments this quarter that overshadowed the solid margins in water transfer. Let me talk about the financial adjustments. In the third quarter, we had a total of $2.6 million after tax associated with the operational issues in the construction business. This included charges to discontinue work on two large projects, one of which we’ll need a longer transition time, and a write-off of a supply chain contract. As a result our third quarter results at Keystone are negative just over $0.01 per share. Importantly, we have also made key leadership changes at Keystone, including hiring a new CFO and Key Operational Personnel. They have been reviewing the business in detail and help to identify and quantify these adjustments over the past few months. With these adjustments, we now expect the Keystone’s annual 2018 results to be negative just over $0.01 per share. Second, as Susan mentioned, we have narrowed the business to focus solely on water transfer where we have seen revenue growth and consistently delivered margin. So in summary, due to the operational challenges in the construction business that lowered our 2018 projected results along with the strategic narrowing of the business scope this triggered a review of our long-term valuation of the business, resulting in the third quarter impairment charge. In terms of overall impact on our long-term plan, as you know, Keystone is very small for us. The lower projections of the narrowed business scope do not materially impact our long-term compound annual growth rate. And in fact, we remain confident in delivering a long-term CAGR in the top half of our 7% to 10% EPS growth range. Susan?
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Moving to our long-term plan. We believe that sustainable financial success depends on effectively executing the fundamentals of our business every day and finding ways to be even better. These fundamentals include being the very best at our proven core competencies of water and waste water treatment and delivery, delivering the best service and experience to our customers, building constructive and transparent regulatory relationships, growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operations to ensure affordability and value for our customers. American Water will invest $8.4 billion to $9 billion over the next five years with more than $7.2 billion spent to improve our existing infrastructure. We see line of sight to our 32% target O&M efficiency ratio by 2022. Our regulated water and wastewater operations will continue to be our core and anchor business. Our market-based businesses will continue to provide strategic value and cash for the business. And our customers must remain at the center of every decision we make in everything we do because we know that long-term financial success is an outcome of doing everything else right. With this strong performance and our continued execution of strategies, we are narrowing our 2018 adjusted earnings guidance to the upper portion of the range at $3.27 to $3.32. And as Linda said, we affirm our long-term EPS growth CAGR to be in the top half of our 7% to 10% range. Walter will now give his update on our regulated businesses.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan and good morning, everyone. Our regulated businesses had a strong third quarter or making capital investments to ensure clean, safe, and reliable water services, continuing to improve our operating efficiencies to benefit our customers and growing our business through acquisitions. Let me start on Slide 9 with our New Jersey rate case. Our rate case settlement was approved by the Board of Public Utilities earlier this week. This case was driven by more than $868 million in infrastructure investment since the company’s last rate increase in 2015. The settlement provides $40 million in increased annualized revenue with the acquisition adjustment portion being deferred to a separate proceeding. I’d also like to point out that the previous return on equity level of 9.75% has changed to 9.6%. More importantly, it is more than offset by the positive shift in equity from 52% to 54%. In addition, the Board of Public Utilities approved the roll in of an additional $35 million in distribution system improvement charge. Due to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and this approved order most customers can expect to see a one-time credit in their bills beginning in November. In our West Virginia rate case, we reached a joint stipulation settlement with the Public Service Commission staff and Consumer Advocate Division. Subject to final approval, the settlement includes a $23 million increase in revenues and 9.75% return on equity and adjust for two years of declining consumption. The settlement will also add several times of capital investments to the company’s infrastructure surcharge program, which allows for a more timely recovery of capital investments outside of rate cases. It also allows for the company’s excess deferred tax amortization to be used to offset future programs surcharge to the benefit of our customers. Their current infrastructure surcharge will remain until new rates into effect in February 2019. I should note this case was driven by $200 million in investment, while operating expenses were kept flat. Details of the stipulated settlement are available in the West Virginia Public Service Commission’s website. Moving to California. We expect both our proposed and final decision on our general rate case for 2018 to 2020 during the fourth quarter. The ROE level was determined in a separate proceeding during the second quarter. If approved, we expect that this case will support approximately $230 million of capital investments in our system. In June, Maryland American Water filed a petition with the Public Service Commission seeking recovery of approximately $18 million in capital investments since our last rate adjustment in 2015. The main component of this case is a new reservoir and intake that will help secure the water supply for our customers in Bel Air and parts of Hartford County and foster the economic development and viability of the area. We’re expecting a ruling on a settlement before year-end following the Public Service Commission’s public comment period, which concludes today. In September, we filed our general rate case in Indiana seeking authorization to increase annual water service revenues by $38.9 million stepped over two years. This case is driven by more than $542 million of water infrastructure investment since our last rate case filing in 2014. A final ruling from the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission is expected by mid-year 2019. On Slide 10, you can see that we’ve had significant regulatory activity this year with $155 million in annualized revenues. We’re awaiting final orders in three states as well as one settlement waiting regulatory approval for a total annualized revenue request of $67 million. Again, all these cases are driven by a significant capital investment to ensure reliable service. Turning to Slide 11. Our smart investments must be balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. In the first nine months, we invested $1.1 billion in our regulated operations. This investment remains critical to ensure reliable service, but for us, it’s also about affordable service. We continue to make progress towards our long-term O&M efficiency goal of 32% by 2022. To put this effort into perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are only slightly higher today than they were in 2012. Since that time, we’ve invested more than $7.2 billion in our infrastructure and added more than 150,000 customers, while our adjusted O&M expense compound annual growth rate is just 0.4%. This clearly demonstrates our singular commitment to controlling costs on behalf of our customers and keeping their bills affordable. Moving to Slide 12, last month in a rare bipartisan win Democrats and Republicans in the House and the Senate came together to overwhelmingly pass a bill that supports critical upgrades to America’s Water Infrastructure. The result of this law includes policies intended to improve water and wastewater system management and authorization for states to require that non-compliance systems explore consolidation options. It also provides equal access to low interest financing for private water providers and important benefit for our customers, as they also pay taxes. In Pennsylvania, Act 58 were signed into law and provides the public utility commission the authority to approve alternate rates and rate mechanisms. The commission issued a tentative implementation order, and it’s currently seeking comments and its interpretation and proposed implementation of the act. Also in Pennsylvania, Act 120 were signed into law that allows DSIC recovery for the replacement of customer side lead service lines subject to a commission approved program. As we’ve communicated in the past, full service line replacement is one of the most effective ways to reduce exposure to lead. In California, the Public Utilities Commission unanimously approved the certificate of public convenience and necessity for our water supply project in Monterey. This action, as we discussed last quarter, gives us the authority to move forward with this critical water supply project. I want to thank our California team, local leaders, and our customers for everything they’ve done to make this project to reality. This project will provide a much needed water supply for the Monterey Peninsula, which will benefit our customers and communities for decades to come. Also, in California, the governor signed three bills that benefit water and wastewater customers and their communities. One allows cities to sell wastewater systems with a majority vote. The second allow certain cities to sell their water systems without an election. And the third provides a path for the Sativa Water District to be sold to an investor-owned water company or others, through an RFP process. New York American Water reached the $5 million settlement with the New York Department of Public Service and the New York Public Service Commission, as part of the self reported issue concerning a property tax error related to a 2012 acquisition and higher bills resulting from new tier conservation rates. With support from the governor’s office, this resolution memorializes the settlement between the company and both parties, which provides rate relief and other benefits to our customers. Finally, in New Jersey, key progress will be made this month is water utility serving more than 500 customers must submit their cybersecurity documentation as required by the Water Quality Accountability Act. I’m pleased to report that New Jersey American Water is well ahead of the game by already fulfilling cybersecurity requirements issued by the board of Public Utilities and by voluntarily adopting the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework. The framework which we adopted in 2014 is consistent with the standards adopted by U.S. electric utilities and/or greater than what the Water Quality Accountability Act requires. Turning to Slide 13, we continue to have excellent growth this quarter. And as a reminder, when I say customers, I mean customer connections. We welcomed 7,600 new customers to date and we’ll welcome another 56,000 customers through signed agreements. In addition to the 8,900 customers, we added through organic growth. Our acquisition activity spans across our entire footprint with 20 acquisitions occurring in eight different states. And let me give you some highlights. In August, Missouri American Water completed its acquisition of the loss in water and wastewater system, adding approximately 1,000 new water and 900 new wastewater customers to which 480,000 statewide customers. In Pennsylvania, the Public Utility Commission approved the stipulated settlement that will add about 1,000 wastewater customers within the township of Salisbury, which is already in our water footprints. And in New Jersey, we have an agreement to acquire the Roxbury Water Company, which will add nearly 4,000 new water customers in Morris County. These agreements represent our continued focus on providing regional solutions to communities with water and wastewater challenges. So again, a great quarter delivered by a regulated state teams all to benefit our customers. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Linda.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and Good morning everyone. Let me start with our third quarter 2018 results on Slide 15. GAAP earnings were $1.04 per share, a decrease of $0.09 compared to the same period last year. We had non-GAAP adjustments in both periods. So let me start with it. In the third quarter 2018, we adjusted GAAP earnings for the $0.06 gain from the sale of the majority of the contracts in our Contract Services Group and the $0.22 charge from the Keystone impairment, both discussed at the beginning of this call. Also in the third quarter of last year, we adjusted GAAP earnings for the benefit from the Freedom Industries insurance settlement and early debt extinguishment costs at the parent. Excluding these items, adjusted earnings were $1.20 per share, an increase of $0.12 or a 11.1% over the same period last year, with the regulated segment up $0.06, the market based businesses up $0.05 and the parent favorable $0.01. On a year-to-date GAAP basis, earnings were $2.53 per share, up 5.9%, and our adjusted earnings were $2.61 per share, up 11.5% of our adjusted earnings in the same period last year. Let me walk through our adjusted quarterly results by each business. Turning to slide 16, adjusted earnings were strong in the third quarter of 2018. I’ll start with the regulated operations that were up $0.06 in total. Net revenue was up $0.06, including a $0.23 increase from additional authorized revenue to support infrastructure investments, acquisitions and organic growth. This revenue was partially offset by the $0.17 impact of the lower federal tax rate expected to benefit our regulated customers. Next, we had higher production expensive of $0.02 from higher chemical costs as well as purchased water price and usage increases in California. Next, O&M expense increased $0.12 from quite a few smaller items. Let me cover a few of them. First, we had higher costs of about $0.02 to support regulated acquisitions and growth. Second, we had $0.02 related to the timing of expenses, such as contracted services and labor related costs that were deferred from earlier quarters. Third, we had higher property and general insurance expense of $0.02 from both the credit in the third quarter of last year and a higher claims trend this year. Fourth, we had $0.04 of one-time adjustments, including $0.02 related to the New York settlement and $0.02 of accelerated recovery of regulatory assets approved in the West Virginia tax proceeding with no bottom line impact. I will discuss both of these items in more detail on the next slide. Next, depreciation increased $0.03 due to growth from regulated acquisitions and investments. Interest in general taxes increased $0.02 mainly to support growth. Also, our income tax expense was favorable $0.19 from the lower federal tax rate. Before turning to the Market-Based Businesses, I should note that weather variability did not affect our third quarter earnings. We did experience hot dry weather in Missouri, resulting in higher revenue of about $3 million, but this was offset by wet weather in New Jersey and Pennsylvania reducing revenue by a like amount, which demonstrates the benefit of our geographic diversity. Turning to the market based businesses. The $0.05 increase was almost entirely due to Homeowner Services, mainly from the Pivotal acquisition. Our operating results at Pivotal through the third quarter are right in line with our expectations. However, integration expenses were lower than expected in the quarter, mainly due to timing and capitalization. Also, as I mentioned earlier, Keystone was negative $0.01 for the quarter, and this impact was offset by the favorable impact from tax reform on our Market-Based Businesses. The parent company was favorable $0.01 as lower interest expense from our debt refinancing more than offset the lower tax shield on interest expense from tax reform. Turning to Slide 17. As you know, we take a conservative and consistent approach when making non-GAAP adjustments to our earnings. We generally only adjust for large and unusual item. The smaller settlements, tax adjustments, et cetera are included in our adjusted earnings and we highlight them for transparency. This year, we’ve had quite a few puts and takes in our adjusted earnings. So on the slide, I would like to highlight a few items impacting the third quarter, provide an update on several items highlighted last quarter that had been resolved and discuss several items pending in the fourth quarter. First, in our regulated business, as Walter mentioned, we had a settlement in New York for $5 million. As shown on the slide, half of that settlement was recorded as a reduction to revenue to provide rate relief to customers and the other half was recorded in O&M expense. Also, we had additional legal costs and customer uncollectable expense of $1.5 million combined. That was recorded in O&M. Next, in the West Virginia tax proceeding, we were authorized to use a portion of our tax reform savings for accelerated recovery of regulatory assets. This increased our O&M expense and our revenue about $4 million, with no impact to the bottom line. Now, last quarter, I discussed several potential headwinds that were resolved this quarter. First, in July, New Jersey passed legislation increasing corporate business tax rates. On October 4, a correction bill passed with language clarifying that water and wastewater utilities were exempt. As a result, we do not expect this legislation to have a material earnings impact. Also, during the quarter, we worked on our purchase price allocation and related amortization of intangible assets for Pivotal. I had mentioned last quarter, we thought this could be a bit more frontend loaded than originally planned. We have now substantially completed our accounting analysis and we do not expect it to be frontend loaded. As the attrition rates for Pivotal, which are the key driver for amortization are largely aligned with our experience at HOS and with our original estimates. Lastly, let me discuss some items pending in the fourth quarter. First, we have began to move into our new headquarters building in Camden and we look forward to hosting all of you at our Analyst Day there on December 11. As a result of the move from four separate buildings to one new headquarters building, we may incur up to $5 million in lease termination cost. We have already incurred about $900,000 in the third quarter and unless we are successful in obtaining subleases, the remainder could be recorded in the fourth quarter. In Homeowner Services, we are also continuing to the best integration strategy for our duplicate customer and back office system. And we expect that strategy may be finalized by year end. In our Regulated Business, we have an expected $12 million in timing related costs that were deferred to the fourth quarter, mainly for repair and maintenance, tank painting in New Jersey and operating and technology costs. Turning to Slide 18, let me provide an update on tax-related matters. We continue to make good progress in our 14 regulatory jurisdictions on the best approach to return tax reform benefits back to customers. Regarding the tax rate change, we have adjusted rates in eight states to refund all our portion of the savings to customers. In two states, we expect to offset these savings with further capital investments or accelerated recovery of regulatory assets. Proceedings remained pending in five states. Regarding the amortization of the remeasured accumulated deferred income taxes, five states have agreed to defer to next year and the remaining are pending. Also, West Virginia took a constructive approach in our pending rate case settlement that if approved would allow us to offset the future amortization of deferred taxes with infrastructure investments. And they also expanded the infrastructure mechanism, as Walter discussed. Turning to Slide 19. Based on the strength of our year-to-date results and considering the timing of O&M expenses in the fourth quarter, we are a narrowing our 2018 adjusted earnings guidance to the top portion of our prior range to $3.27 to $3.32 per share. Our adjusted guidance range excludes the non-GAAP adjustments outlined on this page. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. All of the efforts, we discussed today drive our financial performance. We continue to be a leader in total shareholder return and dividend growth. In April of this year, our board of directors approved a 9.6% increase in our quarterly dividend to $45.05 per share. This marks the sixth year in a row that our dividend increase was at or above the top of our long term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10%. And as you know, we have also guided our next five year dividend growth CAGR to the top end of that EPS range. Our last 12 months adjusted annualized ROE for the entire company increased to 9.9%. We are very proud of these financial accomplishments and we know that they are very important to you. But for us, it’s also about making a difference with engage people, who have a shared purpose and a heart to make the world a better place. There’s a lot of focus in conversation today by investors regarding ESG principles in their broadest and most holistic sense. At the core is the question of whether a company can do well by doing good. We, at American Water, believed that the answer to that question is an unqualified and resounding yes. We never forget that at the end of every water pipe, there’s a family depending on us to provide life’s most critical need. That at every fire hydrant lives could depend on us. That every wastewater treatment plant serves as a shield against potential disease and that every community should be stronger because we are there. We are a purpose-driven company. We are people powered and our employees live in and give back to the communities, we are privileged to serve. As we have been saying for the past several years, we put customers at the center of everything we plan and do. Everyday are 7,100 employees take pride in delivering the critical services of water, sanitation and fire protection to about 14 million Americans in over 1,600 communities across the country. At the end of the day, we know that what we do in our customers and communities best long term interest will also be in our investors best long term interest. And that’s what we believe it means to be a truly sustainable company. With that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes with Durgesh Chopra from Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning team. So two questions for me. First, high level strategy question for you, Susan. So obviously, your peer water utility announced a merging with a gas utility in Pittsburgh. And I know historically, you’ve said it and you sort of reiterated today that your plan is 1% to 2% growth coming from acquisition of small water and wastewater systems, I understand it. So, I mean, I guess in light of the announcement from Aqua, what I’m really asking you, simply put is, if there’s a water – there’s a electric and gas system in your footprint, would you consider merging, with a system like that? Where would that fall in your M&A strategy?
Susan Story: Thank you, Durgesh. And just the short answer is, no. We are – at our core, we are a water and wastewater utility. Even though we have several executives, who have a deep background in electric and gas, we know that, as a company, our core competencies, what we know best, what our employees know best, what is kind of second nature to us is water and wastewater. And we believe that there are significant opportunities in the U.S., not just – we’re not interested overseas either. We believe that the United States, the market for water and wastewater is where we should focus and we believe that we will have plenty of opportunities there.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent, thank you. And then just going back to the quarter real quick, Linda, the $0.04 one-time charges, the settlement and the West Virginia, the tax reform charge, I appreciate that these are one-time items, not excluded from your adjusted EPS numbers. I guess, would it be fair to say that, if you were to exclude those items, you’d be guiding to the top end of the $3 – your EPS guidance range now, which is what like $3.27, $3.32?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Durgesh. We are guiding to $3.27 to $3.32, and as you know, there’s a lot of puts and takes every quarter. And so we are comfortable guiding to that range, which is the upper portion of our prior range.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay, awesome. Thanks guys. Great quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead with your question.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I have actually two questions. So I mean, you have had great results year-to-date, but if you look at some of the regulatory updates that you guys have provided us with, they should have been seemingly a drag against your original guidance, right? So, for instance, you had a delay in the implementation of conservation revenues in New York The New Jersey rate case, I mean, you told me how it compares versus what was embedded in guidance, but given that there is a refund of interim rates, I would argue that it was also slightly below expectations. The weather wasn’t helpful. So what is the – I know that there are lots of puts and takes, but what is – what are the offsets to all of the things that I’ve just mentioned?
Linda Sullivan: So, Angie, let me start with the New Jersey rate case. So we were authorized $40 million. We had interim rates of $75 million that we put into place. From an accounting perspective, what we do, when we put in interim rates is we continually assess our best estimate of the outcome and that’s what we record on our books. And so we do not expect any material change in the fourth quarter associated with the New Jersey rate case. The difference between what we requested in that case and what the outcome was primarily driven by the change in ROE. We had requested 10.8% ROE and, as you know, we have 9.6%. We also requested the 54% equity ratio. And then the other changes were associated with changes in depreciation expense and O&M expense, which is typical.
Susan Story: And also, Angie, in terms of – so we had a few headwinds, but if you look and some of the things we mentioned. We had some really positive this year. Linda mentioned that year-over-year on adjusted, we were $0.06 up in Regulated, we were $0.05 up in Market-Based, almost predominantly Homeowner Services, which is doing really well. So it was – and then the parent was up $0.01 because of we’ve done some significant refinancing. So I look at it, as just running our business well. I mean, we’re trying to look at every lever and how can we be most efficient in our operations and make every part of our business count. So we do have the takes, but we also had several puts and those add up. And to Linda’s point, that’s one reason that we’re very conservative about what we do for non-GAAP is that, there’s normal business puts and takes and sometimes they’re up and sometimes they’re down. And one of the benefits we have with the diversity of state and our size and our geographic footprint is they tend to offset each other or they have at least to date. So going through and we try to and hopefully what you all see is, we try to be very granular and transparent in these items in our slides and in our discussion. So you can see, what offset those items that you brought up.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Just one follow-up and that’s on the homeowner services. So two things, you mentioned that the integration of Pivotal is actually favorable to your original plan. If you could actually provide a little bit more color here. And the additional partnerships with cities, this is more the traditional homeowner services, i.e., wastewater line or warranty service, whatever you call it. We’re not going into those additional businesses that Pivotal has been delivering along with the acquisition.
Susan Story: Yes. I’ll take the latter question and then Linda can ask the first one. You’re exactly right. These four partnerships, were actually responses to RFPs that our legacy homeowner services organization has been working on for several months before we ever actually bought Pivotal. So these are predominantly the water and the wastewater lines or sewer lines, you’re exactly correct.
Linda Sullivan: Yes. And on the integration, it is going very well. We had guided, as part of the acquisition, that we were tracking to be near breakeven this year with Pivotal and as a reminder, our EPS neutral comments incorporated consideration of the modest share dilution. So we are on track there. What we are seeing is that we’re a bit favorable in the third quarter associated with our integration costs and that’s primarily due to some timing as well as some items that we had originally thought were going to be expensed are being capitalized. And so there’s a little bit of positive there as well.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you, ladies. Thanks.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: And the next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning you all. How are you doing?
Susan Story: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: So just wanted to clarify, in the remarks, you said that I guess despite whittling down I guess Keystone to just one business, you’re still potentially evaluating the sale of water transfer. Is that correct?
Susan Story: What I mentioned was that, we are – we believe water transfer is a good ongoing business and will allow us to decide whether in the future Keystone should remain part of our portfolio of market-based businesses or not. Jonathan, whether you are going to keep a business longer-term or whether you are considering other options for the business, it’s always best to have that business operating very effectively and that’s what our focus has been right now.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then, I guess, can you just kind of describe what when Linda – I mean, I guess, were your hands kind of tied from the accounting perspective that you had to take that write-down as opposed to maybe just exploring the entire sale of Keystone prior to taking an impairment charge that that was maybe the best and the most efficient route?
Linda Sullivan: Yes. And, Jonathan, this is Linda. In terms of the impairment, we generally do our impairment testing in the November timeframe. But because of the operational issues and the negative earnings results in the third quarter, combined with our decision to narrow the scope of the business going forward, that triggered us to look at the long-term valuation and triggered the impairment analysis.
Susan Story: And that’s regardless of what the strategic options are for the business. We would have to do that anyway.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then you mentioned about Q4 expense timing. Are you pulling forward expenses from 2019, given kind of a strong year-to-date results or is this like the shift of some expenses from earlier in 2018 just into the fourth quarter instead?
Susan Story: It is the shift of expenses from the first nine months of the year into the fourth quarter and we saw some of that shifts come in the third quarter from the prior two quarters and then we have about $12 million that we expect has shifted from the beginning of the year into the fourth quarter.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then lastly, Walter, can you expand on the DSIC mechanism change in West Virginia, did the cap increase or just the type of qualifying CapEx change? What exactly is it there?
Walter Lynch: Yes. What happened in New Jersey – or in West Virginia was they expanded what was qualified to go into the DSIC program there in West Virginia, everything else remain the same. But it is going to start over again once the rate case is effective in February of 2019.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And what’s the cap in West Virginia, I don’t recall? Do you know offhand?
Walter Lynch: Yes. Not offhand. We will get back to you, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. I mean, I did see I guess that you can’t file another West Virginia case until I think it’s like May 2021. So I guess suffice it to say that capital allows for kind of a roughly three-year rate case cycle in the state. Is that fair?
Walter Lynch: Yes, that’s fair.
Ed Vallejo: Hey, Jonathan, it’s Ed. We’ll get back to you shortly on that one, okay.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes. No, big deal. I mean, Walter’s answer kind of covers what I need to know there, so. I appreciate it. A good quarter and let’s hope Notre Dame keeps winning, right, Susan.
Susan Story: Jonathan, I’d tell you, what the number four right, undefeated. Good job. I’m not going to talk about much thing.
Jonathan Reeder: We will take it right back.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Karl. Thank you all for participating in our call today. Please know that we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with all of you, so you can have complete confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your question or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph and they will be happy to help. And as a reminder, our Investor Day will be on Tuesday December 11 at our new Platinum-certified corporate office building in Camden, New Jersey. We love our new home and our community, and we look forward to seeing you all there. If you haven’t registered, please do so at your earlier convenience. Thanks again for listening and we hope you have a great week.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 9, 2018. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10122331. The audio webcast will be available on American Water's Investor Relations homepage at ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you, Brandon, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will be -- we will open the call for any of your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and to address your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these estimates deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted earnings per share and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio, can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website and will remain available through September 2, 2018. All statements made during this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that, I will now turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our second quarter financial results; and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. The employees of American Water delivered strong results in the second quarter of 2018. We had a number of positive events this quarter, and I will highlight just a few of them. First, we continue to deliver strong consistent growth and financial performance. I will discuss more details in just a moment. Our Regulated Business continued to make critically needed investment in infrastructure for safety, reliability and resiliency. We continue to provide water and wastewater solutions within our service areas through disciplined acquisitions. We also made progress in optimizing our portfolio of Market-Based Businesses. We completed the acquisition of Pivotal Home Solutions, which significantly grew and enhanced our Home Warranty Business. As we've noted before, Pivotal is a leading provider of home warranty protection products and services and is highly complementary to our legacy Homeowner Services Group. On July 5, we announced the sale of the majority of our Contract Services business to Veolia North America for a purchase price of $27 million. Veolia and we have already closed on 17 of the 23 contracts sold with the remainder to close by the end of the year. We will keep 4 separate contracts in Camden, North Brunswick and South Orange, all in New Jersey, as well as Godfrey, Illinois due to their proximity to our existing service areas. Six other contracts, not part of the Veolia transaction, are being sold to others or will terminate within the next 12 months. Another highlight of the quarter is the selection of American Water to the inaugural NAACP Equity, Inclusion and Empowerment Index. This index was created in partnership with Impact Shares and Morningstar and tracks and monitors indicators that assess racial equity and inclusion policies among U.S. corporations with a $2 billion or higher market capitalization. We are a values-driven company, and our employees represent the communities we are privileged to serve. This is a real honor for us, as our people take pride in delivering the critical services of water, sanitation and fire protection to about 14 million Americans in diverse communities throughout the nation. Lastly, the global settlement related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia has obtained final court approval and the appeals period has ended. We also settled the one outstanding claim with our last insurance carrier related to this matter. Linda will give you greater detail on the related financials in just a few minutes. For the sake of our employees and the communities and customers we're privileged to serve in West Virginia, we're pleased this matter has reached its conclusion. As always, we remain focused on giving all of our customers the best quality product and services possible. In fact, our West Virginia Kanawha Valley Water Plant won first place this year in the statewide tapwater taste test competition. This is the plant that was affected by the Freedom Industries chemical spill in 2014. Moving to our financial performance. Our adjusted earnings per share were up 13.7% compared to second quarter 2017. The foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. We invested $1.1 billion during the first half of the year, with $713 million for our regulated infrastructure and $363 million for the purchase of Pivotal. We minimized the customer bill impacts of our infrastructure investment through a continued focus on controlling O&M costs, optimizing capital spend through value engineering and volume procurement and through constructive regulatory mechanisms. Walter will discuss examples of these in just a few minutes. We continued to grow our Regulated Business. Today, we have welcomed 10,300 new customer connections through closed acquisitions and organic growth. Just as a reminder, we said customer connections because it's more accurate to measure additions by customer meters rather than try to estimate the number of people who live in every house. Typically, and it varies location by location, but on average, there are about 3 or more customers per residential meter. When we at American Water refer to customer additions, we're talking in terms of meter connections. We have an additional 57,000 customer connections under agreement for acquisition. This includes 2 recently announced additions, one in New Jersey, where we will welcome 3,900 new water customers; and one in Pennsylvania, where we will add another 9,000 new wastewater customers. We've had two quarters of strong performance in 2018 and are affirming today our 2018 adjusted guidance of $3.22 to $3.32 per share, which excludes the $0.08 insurance settlement benefit related to Freedom Industries. As most of you are aware, it has been our practice for the past several years to narrow or change our annual EPS earnings range following our third quarter results and we will do so again this year. American Water will invest $8.4 billion to $9 billion over the next five years, with more than $7.2 billion spent to improve our existing infrastructure. We see line of sight to our 32% target O&M efficiency ratio by 2022. Our regulated operations will continue to be our core business. Under this plan and normal operating conditions, no new equity will be needed. With this strong performance and our continued execution of strategies, we affirm our long-term EPS CAGR to be in the top half of our 7% to 10% range through 2022. Walter will now give you his update on our Regulated Business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our Regulated Businesses had a strong first half of the year, making capital investments to ensure clean, safe and reliable water service, while continuing to improve our operating efficiencies to benefit our customers. We also had tremendous growth driven by acquisitions. Let me start on Slide 9 with an update on our New Jersey rate case. We filed this case last September, seeking recovery of more than $868 million in infrastructure upgrade statewide since our last rate adjustment in 2015. We concluded evidentiary hearings on June 25 and are now in the briefing phase of the proceeding. We expect a final decision in the first quarter of 2019. Also, effective April 1 of this year, New Jersey American Water customers received a rate decrease of almost 6% as a result of the lower federal tax rates under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Moving to California. We now expect both a proposed and final decision later this year on our general rate case for 2018 to 2020. If approved, this case will support approximately $230 million of capital investments on our systems. We also expect the California Public Utilities Commission to approve in September the Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity for a water supply project in Monterey. This action, as we discussed in the first quarter, will give us the authority to move forward with this critical water supply project. In June, Maryland American Water filed a petition with the Maryland Public Service Commission seeking recovery of approximately $18 million in capital investments since our last rate adjustment in 2015. The driver of this case is a new reservoir and intake that will secure the water supply for our customers in Bel Air and parts of Hartford County. The reservoir, which costs approximately $15.4 million is $6.3 million less than originally planned due to our value engineering approach and the tremendous team working on this water supply solution. On the legislative front, 2 bills were recently signed in Missouri that benefit communities and water and wastewater customers. The first bill allows the state's Public Service Commission to approve a Revenue Stabilization Mechanism, or RSM, for water utilities, and RSM aligns to conservation goals of the state, customers and water providers while helping to ensure that water utilities achieve their authorized revenue requirement as established by the Public Service Commission. The second bill changes the public vote requirement for the sale of a municipal water or wastewater system to a simple majority for towns with populations of less than 3,000. Historically, in Missouri, smaller communities need a 2/3 majority. This new legislation increases the options for small towns and we stand ready to assist. Also during the quarter in Iowa, legislation passed that allows private water utilities to use a future test year approach in rate cases. This will decrease potential regulatory lag and help spread out the time between rate cases. We've also made constructive progress in our other regulated jurisdictions on the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. We've had 4 states revise their state income tax rates. Linda will talk about these in more detail in a few minutes. Recently, in New York, we're working through a self-reported issue concerning a property tax error, which resulted in an overpayment to local taxing authorities and ultimately affected about 4,500 customer bills. We're working with the Public Service Commission leaders and staff as well as other stakeholders to ensure that the issue is resolved constructively to the benefit of everyone involved. Turning to Slide 10. We added 5,600 new customer connections to date and have another 57,000 customer connections through signed agreements in addition to the 4,700 we added through organic growth. Most recently in July, New Jersey American Water announced an agreement to acquire the Roxbury Water Company that provides water service to nearly 3,900 customer connections in Morris County, New Jersey. Following regulatory approval, we expect to close this acquisition in early 2019. In June, Pennsylvania American Water signed an agreement to acquire the wastewater asset of Exeter Township in Berks County, which serves approximately 9,000 wastewater customer connections. We provide water service to about 70% of the township's residents and we're excited to be the future provider of wastewater service for the entire town. We expect to close this transaction by the end of the first quarter of 2019 pending regulatory approvals. These agreements represent our continued focus on a regional approach to water and wastewater service, which expands our customer base, increases operational efficiency and economies of scale, while keeping rates affordable for our customers. Moving on to Slide 11. Doing right by our customers is key to our ability to grow. This means smart investments, balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. In the first 6 months, we invested $713 million on our regulated operations. This investment is critical to ensure reliable service, but for us it's also about affordable service. We continue to make progress towards our long-term O&M efficiency goal of 32% by 2022. And to put this into perspective, our adjusted O&M expenses are less today than they were in 2012. And during that same period, we invested more than $7.2 billion on our infrastructure and added more than 150,000 customer connections. Let me give you 2 examples of how our employees are driving these results. Starting in 2017, we expanded the use of drones to perform visual inspections of our aboveground water tanks. This is a safer and faster way to visually inspect tanks while providing more detailed information. We can now perform about 150 visual inspections of aboveground water tanks in 6 months when it once took us 4 years to complete this work. We've also developed software that uses artificial intelligence to analyze thousands of images and millions of data points per day to detect deteriorating tank coating. This allows us to manage our tank maintenance program more proactively and efficiently, and again, it's a much safer way to conduct this work. Our technology and innovation group is also developing a series of physical and digital solutions to detect and respond to water quality events in surface water supplies. The advanced systems include an artificial intelligence smart sensor network that could detect a range of contaminants. We'll complete this program in phases and eventually these sensors will tie into our operations and initiate treatment protocol. We're very excited about this project and what it can mean for our entire industry. Lastly, the Chemicals PFOS and PFOA that made a lot of headlines of late when it comes to water quality. New Jersey has set the nation's toughest PFOA limit to date. I'm pleased to say that we've proactively addressed this contaminant and are in compliance. I also want to commend New Jersey's leaders for their commitment to addressing this water quality concern. As a final point, we're pleased to announce that we reached the National Benefits Agreement, with our 3,200 employees who are part of 17 national unions and represent 69 contracts. Every five years, we negotiate national benefits with their represented employees. These negotiations were marked by collaboration, professionalism and respect. Some of the highlights include making all of our employees eligible for annual performance plan and providing our employees more options to decide what benefit plans make best sense for them and their families. We look forward to our continued partnership in doing what's best for our employees. With that, I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. Before I jump into the numbers, I would like to provide a few key updates that occurred during the second quarter on Slide 14. First, I am pleased to announce that S&P affirmed our A credit rating with a stable outlook, which is a reflection of our strong commitment to maintaining a predominantly regulated risk profile. Second, we closed the Pivotal acquisition for $363 million on June 4, and we fully settled our equity forward agreements issuing 2.32 million shares for $183 million or approximately 50% of the purchase price. And lastly, as Susan mentioned, we received final approval by the U.S. District Court of the Freedom Industries related settlement. We also settled this quarter with the final outstanding insurer for a $20 million pretax benefit that was reflected as a non-GAAP adjustment consistent with all other elements of the settlement. In total, West Virginia American Water's final share of the $126 million Freedom Industry related settlement, net of insurance recoveries was $23 million pretax. As reflected on Slide 15, we had a strong second quarter of 2018. GAAP earnings were $0.91 per share, an increase of $0.18 compared to the same period last year. Excluding the insurance settlement, adjusted earnings were $0.83 per share, an increase of $0.10 or 13.7% over the same period in 2017. The Regulated segment was up $0.08 per share and the Market-Based Businesses were up $0.02. Now let me walk through the adjusted quarterly results by each business. Regulated operations were up $0.08 per share in total. Net revenue was down $0.01 with 3 primary drivers. First, we had a $0.14 increase from additional authorized revenue and surcharges to support infrastructure investments, acquisitions and organic growth. Second, we had warmer weather resulting in a benefit of $0.01 per share, and these positives were more than offset by the $0.16 impact of the lower federal tax rate expected to benefit customers. Next, O&M expense increased $0.05 and depreciation increased $0.02, mainly to support regulated acquisition and investment growth. Also, our income tax expense was favorable $0.16, mainly from the lower federal tax rate. Turning to the Market-Based Businesses. The $0.02 increase was mainly from our Homeowner Services Group due to operational efficiencies from improved cost management, customer growth and the favorable impact of the lower federal tax rate. This -- the partial month of Pivotal's earnings were offset by expected integration costs. So a strong quarter for our Homeowner Services Group. Turning to Slide 16. Our first half adjusted earnings through June 30, 2018, were $1.42 per share or a 12.7% increase over the same period last year. Our regulated operations increased $0.13 per share from investment and acquisition growth. Our Market-Based Businesses increased $0.05, primarily from Homeowner Services. Our Military Services Group was flat as operational improvements offset the impact from lower capital upgrades awarded by the Department of Defense in the first half of this year. And Keystone's first half results were accretive, aided by strong revenues from an active market, especially in water transfer. And then finally, the parent decreased $0.02, mainly from the lower tax yield on interest expense. Turning to Slide 17, let me provide an update on tax related matters. We are making steady progress in our 14 regulatory jurisdictions on the best approach to return tax reform benefits back to our customers. The top part of this slide updates the status by state for both the tax rate change and amortization of the remeasured accumulated deferred income taxes. Turning the state tax changes on the bottom half of this page. We had 3 states pass legislation during the second quarter that reduced future state income tax rates. For each state, we expect the impact of the lower state income tax rate to benefit our regulated customers as calculated on a stand-alone basis. Any difference between the amount determined on a stand-alone basis in each state and the actual tax expense based on state tax apportionment factors are recorded at the parent company. And during the second quarter, we recorded a $3 million cumulative noncash charge to earnings at the parent for state tax apportionment. In addition, New Jersey passed legislation increasing the corporate business tax rates in the third quarter, and we are in the process of determining the impact of this change on both our New Jersey subsidiary and the parent company and expect to have an update in the third quarter. Turning to Slide 18. Let me provide an update on our regulatory filings. We have $110 million in annualized new revenues effective since January 1 of this year. This includes $95 million from the Pennsylvania and Missouri rate case settlements and $15 million from infrastructure mechanisms. We have also filed request and are awaiting final orders on 4 rate cases and 1 infrastructure surcharge for a total annualized revenue request of $169 million. Turning to Slide 19. Today, we are affirming our 2018 earnings guidance to an adjusted range of $3.22 to $3.32 per share. This excludes the $0.08 insurance benefit for the Freedom Industries related settlement. We had a strong first half this year. And looking forward, we have several items outstanding that we expect to firm up during the third quarter. First, as I mentioned, we are in the process of quantifying the impact from the increase in the corporate business tax rate in New Jersey. We also performed a preliminary assessment of our purchase price allocation for Pivotal and are working through the appropriate amortization of intangible assets, which we now expect to be a bit more front-end loaded in 2018 than originally anticipated. And while we have 1 year to complete the purchase price accounting, we expect to be substantially complete in the third quarter. Also, we expect the lease termination costs of up to $5 million as we move into our new headquarters building in Camden later this year from 4 separate office locations. And lastly, as you know, the third quarter is typically our largest net income quarter and is the quarter with the largest potential earnings variability from weather. And as a reminder, we consider plus or minus $0.07 of weather to be normal annual weather variability that is included in our guidance range. So a lot of puts and takes expected in the last half of the year, and we are confident in our adjusted guidance range, and we'll update as appropriate in the third quarter as we typically do. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. American Water's stated purpose is to keep life flowing and that means for our customers, our communities and our planet. We also have 5 values that we measure ourselves by, and those are safety, trust, environmental leadership, teamwork and high performance. Living by these values actually constitutes a full 50% of our employee performance plans and individual employee ratings. These values match up nicely with the goals of our investors interested in ESG principles and measures. We agree that the hows are just as important as the whats. While we have always focused on ESG principles as the way we should run our business, we have not done a good job communicating our efforts as well as we should have. You told us you wanted to hear more, so you will. Following the third quarter, we will share quarterly updates on ESG metrics that are important to our company and our investors. We look forward to your feedback on these. We know that being a good corporate citizen and environmental leader and a role model for sustainability is more than metrics or communication campaign. It's ensuring that we leave our children and grandchildren a healthy planet and the natural resources that we enjoy today. It means developing solutions to issues before they become problems. It means keeping our employees and our customers safe from harm. It's providing a workplace where every employee is respected and developed to his or her fullest potential. It means building strong communities where we serve and meeting and exceeding the expectations of our customers. So we close with a snapshot of just some of the things that others outside of our company are saying about our efforts. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So couple of quick follow-ups, if you can. Just to start off on New Jersey. I'm curious on the stated income tax for -- on the corporate side. Why would it not flow back to regulated customers, just given, especially the commentary in the other jurisdictions that you have in the slide here?
Linda Sullivan: So we are working through that right now, in terms of how that will affect our New Jersey subsidiary and the parent company allocation. And so as you are aware, we are currently in a general rate case in New Jersey, and so we're working through how that increase in the corporate business tax rate would impact our customers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Completely understood. But broadly speaking, you should think about this principally as a parent level impact.
Linda Sullivan: Right. And we also have a corporate headquarters that is located in New Jersey, which will impact that calculation as well. And so we're going through all of the detailed calculations from a state tax apportionment perspective. We're also working through some clarifications, either through administratively or through legislation, to make sure that we understand the complexity of how this will apply to water utilities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Understood. Excellent. Turning back to the Market-Based side of the business, if you can. Just curious how is the sort of Keystone water side of the business going year-to-date, just given some of the trends there? And then separately, can you just talk to a little bit more of the sales side of the equation, the Veolia deal, in the context of, sort of, pruning the business? Is the thought process here, this is more opportunistic? Or should we expect more as you think about the aggregate size of the Market-Based Business and kind of bumping up against that 15% pro forma?
Susan Story: Julien, that's a great question. So I will take Keystone first and then talk about the sale of CSG and then more broadly our views and philosophy around the Market-Based Businesses. So in the Keystone and Appalachian Basin, we are continuing to see of a firm market, strong year for revenues. As Linda said, through the first half of the year, it is accretive. For example, our 2 biggest businesses in Keystone water transfer, we have steady work continuing. We're continuing to try to hire more employees. Rig count has slightly decreased for the past few months, and so we're looking at that, but we're still seeing robust activity there. And in the oil and gas construction for pipelines, we're seeing consistent bid opportunities, increased infrastructure planning for 2018 and 2019. So in terms of the business there, as you know, there are a lot of takeaway pipeline capacities that are still under construction that will be very helpful for the Appalachian Basin compared to Henry hub, as you're very aware of. So Keystone continues to be in a good market, and we continue to monitor the market there and look at our main businesses and how we optimize those businesses. In terms of how the CSG sale, we've mentioned in the past that our Contract Services Group, and to remind everyone, this is where we run systems for other people where municipalities or industrials actually maintain the assets, we run the business. It's a much more competitive business. There are a lot more players in the market like Veolia, SUEZ, different people. And as we looked at our Market-Based segment and started looking at buying Pivotal, the growth of Homeowner Services, how well Homeowner's doing and your earlier point about ensuring that Market-Based is predominantly 15% or less of our portfolio through 2022, we've mentioned before that it could get up to 20%, but we were very clear that would have to be very regulated like, and currently about the only business in Market-Based that we see that would fit that profile is the Military Services Group. So as we look at the business and the focus on that business and the time and effort to run it, we thought that Veolia could actually run that business better than we could, and we reached an agreement with them to buy the majority of the contracts. We -- there were 10 that they did not buy. 4 of them, we're keeping because they're in proximity to our service areas, and there is very strong community relationships there. The others, 4 of the others, there are other buyers who had first rights in many cases and 2 of them will terminate in the next 12 months. So this is an effort to, as you say, prune the Market-Based Businesses. And I've kind of alluded to then the general philosophy, which is, at our core, we are a regulated utility. When we tell you and tell the Street that we want to keep that part of the business at 15% or less and we grow parts of the business, we, of course, will always look and say, so what are the parts that we think further leverage the core competencies that we have as a water and wastewater company.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then lastly, can I turn quickly to Missouri. You obviously alluded to the legislation there in your prepared remarks. How does that change the strategy? I mean, obviously, you've had some success of late in the settlement there. Does that require any kind of enabling subsequent rate case here? Or how do we see that actualize the latest legislation?
Walter Lynch: Yes. As far as the RSM goes, that would be applicable in the next rate case. And as far as the growth, the legislation that deals with the vote of half simple majority instead of 2/3, it's really just allowing us to have more discussions with municipalities throughout Missouri, and particularly some of the smaller municipalities that had a really high threshold as far as the vote count. So we just think it's more in keeping with the rest of Missouri and the rest of the country, and it enables us to have many more discussions with some of the smaller municipalities.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Verdi with Atwater Thornton.
Richard Verdi: Great quarter too, great on the report and on the other news delivered. I just have two quick questions regarding the acquisition front. Obviously, American is the most operationally diverse water utility and it helps blend against unfavorable weather conditions or regulatory impact. But despite that operational diversity, I was wondering if there are any states outside of that current American Water footprint that the company may be consider entering through the acquisitions?
Susan Story: So Rich, that's a great question. As a company, of course, our growth projections we give, the five year, based on growth within our service area, we do have a corporate business development group. We are always looking across the country at other states, opportunities, but as I think we have mentioned before, we have three kind of gates before we would look at going into a new state. The first one is looking at the regulatory environment, the second one is the business environment or business climate and the third one tends to be the one that is the most difficult, which is do we see a line of sight to get to at least 50,000 customers within five years. Why that's important to us? You hear Walter and Linda talk all the time about the O&M efficiency. We're very proud of the chart we put up that showed that our O&M cost, the adjusted that's used in the calculation for O&M efficiency and we have a reconciliation table in the appendix, but that calculation, our O&M costs are less today than they were in 2012. Our reputation being able to do investment that's desperately needed in systems is dependent on being able to also help offset a portion of those impacts to customer bills by reducing O&M costs. What we find is, if we don't have enough customers to get a critical mass, then we're not able to make the investments, we're not able to get some of the economies of scale. So we find that, that third element of ensuring that we can grow to about 50,000 customers in five years tends to be the one that is our biggest hurdle. So with that said, we are always looking at every state in the nation, we are always looking at opportunities, and we are always looking at a chance to grow and to provide our expertise to as many people across the country as we can.
Richard Verdi: That's great color. And for the second question, I was just wondering if the company is seeing any municipal acquisition competition from the electric utilities? And if so, how that might be impacting the acquisition effort?
Susan Story: That's a great question, Rich. So again, for water investor-owned utilities, I think that, of course, the answer is yes. And predominantly, Eversource with their acquisition of Aquarion, and I'm sure that all of you are keeping up with what's going on with the merger between San Jose, Connecticut Water, and then Eversource's bid for Connecticut Water and Cal Walter's bid for San Jose. So I think that's the main thing that we're seeing. And again outside of that, as we look at our strategy of buying municipalities that are between 3,000, 5,000 and 30,000, those are relatively small for someone to break into an industry. They also typically are in areas contiguous to where we're already located, we have name brands in those areas, we have people in communities. So for that area, we don't see as much because first of all, these acquisitions of distressed municipalities take, as Walter showed in his slides, years to cultivate relationships because when municipalities are buying, yes, price is a big deal, but they also want to make sure that their citizens have the best service possible and are taken care of, and that they don't have to worry about emerging contaminants and that they have professionals running the system. So what we find is, for that particular market that we focus on, it's more difficult for someone who is not in our industry to break into them.
Richard Verdi: Okay. Great. And actually, I have one other question, too, and it pertains to the military front. By our estimates, that's a pretty large opportunity and the majority of those contracts should be awarded between kind of next year and maybe 2025. And so I was just wondering if you could give us an update on the military base and this -- on the military base contract ops in the sense of, is that more focused on pursuing new opportunities? Or is it -- are you guys more focused on kind of pruning and improving the bases you have under the umbrella right now? I mean, are you guys going out and actively looking for new bases to bring in underneath the American umbrella?
Susan Story: That's a great question, Rich. And answer is yes, we are. And so to back up for those that may not be quite as familiar, when you buy a base, there's typically work that goes on, it's mostly -- it's working capital predominantly. Then we have an operating. Once you win a base, you have a 50-year contract to operate on that base water and wastewater. Then as you mentioned, it is buying new bases or doing capital upgrades on the bases. The reason that we've seen the Military Group for us over the past 2, 3 years be a little soft is because of that third category. When the Department of Defense went through 3 or 4 years of sequestration, their budgets decreased significantly. They didn't have as much money for fixed capital upgrades for infrastructure. The money they did have they put in more of the war fighter training and those areas. With sequestration lifted a year or so ago, we're starting to see a little more flow. It will take a bit of time for that to kind of trickle down to providing money for the infrastructure once they've met the other needs. But you're exactly right, that we have, I think, 8 RFPs outstanding for bases. There is a chance that 3 will actually be awarded this year, and we see the rest of them being awarded over the next 3 to 4 years, as you said. We also -- there are 2 to 3 that we're looking at putting in RFPs. And to remind you, we typically only focus on the medium- to larger-size bases. Those are the ones that are worth more of our effort with our size, and that tends to be $250 million or higher for a 50-year contract value. So yes, we do see opportunity, specifically, in the Army and the Air Force. And we actually last November hired a new President of our Military Services Group, General David Turner, who had recently retired as the General from the Army, and so we're very bullish on that part of our business. We like that it is regulated like, and we do, as you mentioned, see opportunity down the road for that.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Brandon. And thank you all for participating in our call today. Again, please note we value you as our investor-owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and your investments in our stock. If we've not been able to address your questions or you think of something lighter, please call Ed and Ralph, and they will be happy to help. Thanks, again, for listening.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Vallejo – Vice President of Investor Relations Susan Story – President and Chief Executive Officer  Walter Lynch – Chief Operating Officer Linda Sullivan – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Richard Verdi – Atwater Thornton Claire Zeng – Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's 2018 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded, and it's also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website.  Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 10, 2018. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for the replay is 10119526. The webcast will be available at American Water's Investor Relations homepage at ir.amwater.com.  I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Brian, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. And as usual, we will keep the call to about an hour, and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will be opening the call up for your questions. Now during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events.  Now these statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio, can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share.  And now I would like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story. 
Susan Story : Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our first quarter financial results, and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. The employees of American Water delivered strong results in the first quarter of 2018. Our earnings per share were up 13.5% compared to the first quarter of 2017. This includes excellent growth in both our regulated business and Market-Based Business. And consistent with our previous guidance, on April 20, our Board of Directors approved a 9.6% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.455 per share. This marks the 6th year in a row that our dividend increase was at or above the top of our long- term EPS CAGR of 7% to 10%. We believe that long-term financial success depends on effectively executing the fundamentals of our business every day. These fundamentals include, engaging our employees deploy provide excellent service to our customers; building constructive and transparent regulatory relationships; growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operation to ensure affordability and value for our customers. The foundation for our earnings growth continues to be the capital investment we make in our regulated operations to provide clean, safe and reliable service to our customers.  We invested $343 million this quarter, with $302 million of that for our regulated infrastructure. We minimized the customer bill impacts of these investments through a continued focus on controlling O&M costs, optimizing capital spend through both value engineering and value procurement and through constructive regulatory mechanisms. Our regulated business closed several acquisitions during the quarter for a total of 3,700 new customer connections. We also added about 1,500 more customers through organic growth in our footprint.  We have an additional 47,000 customer connections under agreement, including the recently announced Alton Waste Water System. This one agreement will add 23,000 new wastewater customers in Illinois. We have served water in this great city for over 140 years, and our employees live, work and play there. So this acquisition is very special to us. Walter will discuss this as well as our strong pipeline and potential regulated acquisitions in a few minutes.  Earnings were also up in our Market-Based Businesses. This was due in large part to an increase in results from our homeowner services organization, where we saw growth in customer contracts along with benefits from cost management efforts. As you are also aware, we recently announced our agreement to acquire Pivotal Home Solutions, which will nearly double our home warranty business. Pivotal is highly complementary to our homeowner services group. We have been in this business for 16 years and we're excited to welcome the great many women of Pivotal to the American Water family upon close of the transaction, which we expect in the second quarter.  With this strong start to 2018 and our continued execution of strategies, we are affirming today our 2018 guidance of $3.22 to $3.32 per share. As we shared with you last month, given the Pivotal acquisition and the effects of tax reform, we expect our long-term growth to be in the top half of our 7% to 10% target EPS CAGR. American Water will invest $8 billion to $8.6 billion over the next five years excluding Pivotal, with more than $7.2 billion spend to improve our existing infrastructure.  Under this plan and normal operating conditions, no new equity is needed. We see line of sight to our 32% target O&M efficiency ratio by 2022. And we affirm our earlier guidance of dividend growth at the high end of our 7% to 10% EPS CAGR also through 2022.  Walter will now give you his update on our regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our Regulated Businesses had a strong first quarter, making capital investments to ensure clean, safe and reliable water service while continuing to improve our operating efficiencies to benefit our customers. We also had tremendous growth driven by acquisitions.  Let me start on Slide 9 with an update on our Missouri rate order that we just received yesterday afternoon. As you know we filed the Missouri rate case last June, requesting an increase of $64 million in annual revenue adjusted for tax reform. The request was driven by more than $250 million in investment in our systems since our last rate order in 2016. On May 2, the Missouri Public Service Commission issued an order approving new rates resulting in approximately $38 million in additional annual base rate revenue, which includes $5 million of previously approved infrastructure revenue. Our calculated return equity for this black box settlement is 10% with a 52.8% equity ratio. New rates are expected to take effect in late May or early June. Turning to Slide 10. Let me provide an update on our ongoing rate cases. In New Jersey, we filed a rate case last September, seeking recovery of $868 million in infrastructure upgrades made in less than three years since our last rate adjustment in 2015. At this point, all parties have engaged in settlement talks and we're currently analyzing the recently filed position. While settlement discussions may resume at any point, the company is preparing for a debenture hearings scheduled to begin in June.  Our customers have already received the rate decrease of almost 6%, effective April 1 of this year, to reflect the impact of the board of public utilities Tax Cuts and Jobs Act docket New Jersey. The company is in act to participate in the tax docket, which is expected to be resolved in June of this year. In West Virginia, we filed an application to adjust rates with the Public Service Commission on Monday, requesting an increase of approximately $29 million in annual revenue already adjusted for tax reform.  The primary reason for the rate request is the approximately $200 million that the company will invest in, in system improvements to replace and upgrade aging infrastructure since its last rate order in 2016. Our team in West Virginia has worked hard to keep operating expenses relatively flat for the last 10 years by working more efficiently, improving processes, utilizing technology and leveraging economies of scale. The filing also proposes and proactive approach to addressing lead services lines, which is part of our commitment to maintain excellent water quality and protect customer health and safety.  Moving to the California general rate case for 2018 to 2020. The California public utility commission is considering the impact of the recent tax reform, and we now expect the commission to issue both and proposed decision in a vote on a final decision in the third quarter of this year. Rates will be retroactive to January 1, 2018.  Turning to Slide 11. Let's continue discussing regulatory matters in California. In March, final decision was issued which authorize California American Water a return on equity of 9.2%, with an equity ratio of 55.39%, up from 53%. I want to thank our California team for working in a collaborative way with all parties to get that result. Lastly, in California, the Monterey Bay National Marine Sanctuary and the California Public Utilities Commission released a favorable final environmental impact report or EIR in March related to our desal project. This is the final plan for the project that meets both the National Environmental Policy Act and California Environmental Quality Act standards.  It's been six years in the making and after reviewing environmental impacts, the federal and state government believe this is the right project at the right location. The commission will accept final comments and may consider approving the final EIR likely in the third quarter of this year. On the legislative front, Senate Bill 362 is enacted in Indiana during the quarter. This act is part of Indiana's commitment to water is similar to [indiscernible] enacted inNew Jersey in 2017. It sets new standards and requirements for water and wastewater systems in areas such as capital asset management, cost-benefit analysis and cybersecurity programs.  We believe this legislation along with the legislation in New Jersey is in the best interest of all water customers. And recently, in Iowa and Maryland, fair market value legislation has been enacted, which allows communities to receive an appropriate value for the systems. This legislation provides an independent expert appraisal system that removes roadblocks for communities to solve their water and wastewater challenges. Our state teams have done a great job working with many stakeholders to replicate meaningful legislation across their entire footprint, all to benefit customers.  Turning to Slide 12. We added 3,700 new customers to-date and have another 47,000 customers through signed agreements. In addition to the 1,500 we added through organic growth. In April, we announced an agreement to acquire Alton's Regional Wastewater System, which will add 23,000 new customers. Illinois American Water has owned, operated and maintained the water system serving Alton for the past 140 years. This is another example like Scranton [indiscernible] where we will deliver efficiencies by providing wastewater services where we already provide water services.  Alton Mayor Brant Walker said that this agreement, "puts our wastewater system in its ongoing needs and professional hands with Illinois American Water, a company that's familiar with Alton and its residents. The deal will give existing city employees more training, career advancement and professional development opportunities." And just yesterday, Pennsylvania American Water announced an agreement to acquire the wastewater assets of Stansberry Township in Chester County, which serves approximately 1,000 customers. Here too, our company and our employees have been the long time water service provider for this community and we’re excited for the opportunity to be the future provider of wastewater service to our Stansberry customers. Moving to Slide 13, doing right by our customers is key to our ability to grow. This means smart investments, balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. We invested $302 million in our regulated operations this quarter. This was critical to reliable service but it’s also about affordable service. We continue to make progress towards our long-term goal of 32% by 2022 because of our employees and their commitment to our customers. Let me give you some examples. We continue to see O&M savings associated with the enhanced functionality and integration between our work management systems and our primary asset management systems. Creating, editing or retiring an asset record was historically very cumbersome. Now our people can access asset records directly through our more user-friendly system called, MapCall. It reduces our time spent on basic asset control functions by approximately one-third. Across the business, this will translate to about 10,000 hours saved per year. We also continue to realize savings in our telecommunications spending. For example, we’re migrating from dedicated leased lines for data to cellular solutions at a fraction of the cost. In New Jersey alone, we’ll save approximately $200,000 in 2018 and we plan to roll this out system-wide in the near term. Finally, I want to acknowledge the tremendous effort by our employees to deliver exceptional customer service and to manage costs during a brutal winter in the Northeast and Midwest, which as you know, puts tremendous stress on our underground infrastructure. To give you an idea of their challenge in the first quarter, our Missouri team has rest 1,700 main breaks, which is triple the normal rate. And our West Virginia team handled 1,100 main breaks, which is double their normal rate. I want to thank all of our teams for working safely in frigid and dangerous weather conditions to keep life flowing in our communities. That was a good quarter with continued growth, smart investments and engaged employees driving efficiencies and quality results all to benefit our customers. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. I’ll start on Slide 15. We had a strong first quarter. Earnings were $0.59 per share at $0.07 or 13.5%over the first quarter last year. The regulated businesses were up $0.05 or 9.4%. The Market-Based Businesses were up $0.03 and the parent was down $0.01. Let me walk through our results by business segment in more detail. As I mentioned, our regulated operations were up $0.05. Revenue was up $0.03 in total, and included two major components. A $0.16 increase from authorized rate cases, infrastructure mechanisms and acquisition, including the Pennsylvania rate case settlement, which became effective on January 1 of this year. Partially offsetting this increase was a $0.13 reserve, which represents the estimated amount of revenue that will benefit our regulated customers as a result of the lower federal tax rate. Next we had higher production cost of $0.03 per share, mainly from purchase water price and usage increases in California. O&M expense increased $0.06 per share from regulated acquisition growth and higher main breaks resulting from the frigid weather conditions that Walter discussed. Depreciation was higher $0.02 driven by our investment growth. Also our income tax expense was favorable $0.13 mainly from the lower federal tax rate. Turning to our Market-Based Businesses. The full $0.03 increase was from our Homeowner Services Group due to operational efficiencies from improved management of key contractor partnerships as well as customer growth and the favorable impact of a lower federal tax rate. Our Military Services Group was flat compared to the prior year as operational improvements offset the impacts from lower capital upgrades for the first quarter of this year, and Keystone was slightly positive compared to the same period last year. And lastly, the parent decreased $0.01 mainly from the lower tax shield on interest expense. Turning to Slide 16. Let me provide an update on the impacts of tax reform. From an earnings perspective, we continue to see tax reform as largely earnings neutral in 2018 with the lower tax rate benefiting our customers in our regulated businesses and the benefit in our Market-Based Businesses being largely offset by the lower tax shield on interest of the parent. From a cash flow perspective, we have had some positive developments. In late March, a bill was passed that clarified bonus depreciation eligibility for projects that began before September 27, 2017. With this clarification, we expect to be able to increase estimated bonus depreciation in the range of $150 million to $300 million, which would increase expected cash flow in the range of $30 million to $65 million. This impact is expected to push the timing of when we become a federal cash tax payer into the beginning of 2020. Now we continue to work through the regulatory process of tax reform with our 14 regulatory jurisdiction. In terms of status, we have adjusted rates to reflect the benefits of the lower tax rate in two states, New Jersey and Illinois. 4 of the remaining 12 states have agreed to address the impacts in their next general rate case. We will continue to work with our regulators on the best approach to return these benefits back to our customers. And in all of our jurisdiction, we are working to defer amortization of the remeasurement of accumulated deferred income taxes until we receive further clarification. This is the portion required to be normalized or return to customers over the remaining life of the assets. And to date, a few of our jurisdictions have agreed to this deferral. So overall, we are trending positive on cash flow from our original estimated tax reform impact. In addition, we expect to have a positive impact to operating cash flow from the Pivotal acquisition, which, once closed, is expected to increase overall cash flow from our Market-Based Businesses by 30%. The excellent progress we have made so far this year is due to the tremendous efforts of many employees across our company, especially our finance tax and regulatory teams. Turning to Slide 17. Let me provide an update on our regulatory filing. We have $110 million in annualized new revenues effective since January 1 of this year. This includes $95 million from the Pennsylvania and Missouri rate case settlements and $15 million from infrastructure mechanisms. We have also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on three rate cases and one infrastructure surcharge for a total annualized revenue request of $165 million after adjustment for the lower federal tax rate. Turning to Slide 18. Today, we are affirming our 2018 earnings guidance range of $3.22 to $3.32 per share. Although we are off to a strong start this year, we still have nine months of the year to go and as you are all aware, generally, the most significant variable to earnings is weather with the largest impact, typically occurring in the summer months of the third quarter of each year. Turning to Slide 19. We are committed to continue to deliver value to our customers and shareholders so you may have confidence in our disciplined financial approach. We have consistently delivered strong total shareholder returns far outpacing the UTY index of the one, three and five year period and the S&P 500 to the three and five year period. We’ve been a top leader in dividend growth for six consecutive years, with dividend growth at about 10% and we expect to grow our dividend over the next five years at the top of our 7% to 10% EPS growth range subject to board approval. And we continue our targeted dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. Our adjusted return on equity improved from 9.7% to 10% for the 12 month period ended March 31. Our weighted average authorized return on equity across our regulated footprint remains approximately 9.8%. And we continue to execute on our commitments and drive value through a continuous improvement culture that focuses on O&M efficiency, capital efficiency and constructive regulatory outcomes. Through this disciplined financial management, customers and shareholders may be confident that American Water will continue to deliver value. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. I mentioned in my opening remarks that we believe long-term financial success is an outcome of doing everything else right, of successfully executing on the fundamentals of our business. What this means to us is not only developing solid strategies, but also clearly communicating our basic beliefs and philosophies on running a business. What we do and how we do it. Our strategies are in the areas of safety, customers, people, growth and technology and operational efficiency. Our values or how we accomplish these strategies include safety, which is both the value and the strategy, trust, environment leadership, teamwork in high-performance. So why should you care about any of these? Because this is our core and what we continually evaluate our actions by, not just a bunch of words on a piece of paper. We continually ask ourselves key questions. First, are we providing a safe environment for our employees and the public with all that we do? Are we developing our people to the fullest potential in their jobs? How are we implementing technology to improve customer service and reduced our costs? What are we doing to protect our natural resources and water supply? Are we a respected voice for clean and safe water throughout the U.S.? Will these initiatives lead to higher trust in us by our customers, communities and regulators? Our story is pretty simple and straightforward. We know and love the business of water and water services. We’re committed to finding and delivering cost-effective solutions to problems and challenges with water supply, water quality and water infrastructure for our customers and communities throughout the country. We truly believe in the importance of values and purpose in all that we do, including and achieving financial results. The world and yes, even the water industry can be a chaotic place at times. Our customers and our investors have plenty of things to worry about. Our goal is not to be one of them. With that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. Two questions. One is a bigger picture question so we’ve seen a lot of corporate M&A involving water utilities and a recurrence of water utility at the big two potentially acquire gas utilities. If you could share your thoughts about it given that you have announced that a number of municipal deals as of late, and again, what’s your take on what’s going on in the industry?
Susan Story: First of all, good morning, Angie and thanks for listening in. It’s interesting. So we don’t really comment on what other companies do, but we are happy to talk about the way we look at things. We constantly survey the environment for opportunities but at the end of the day, we're very comfortable with our growth strategy. And it's very transparent in the triangle, the 5% to 7% from infrastructure investment and we've laid out clearly our plans for that.  And as we said, we have decades of investment needs and through tax reform and our continuing O&M efficiency, we're finding ways to make that much more affordable for our customers. As you mentioned, the 1% to 2% that we put in our growth triangle is strictly our history of these regulated acquisitions, the stress municipalities being a solution provider for those entities that need help, and then our Market-Based Business, while very limited in what we want to get involved with. We want to do really well in those businesses we know. Like we've mentioned before, homeowner services, military and Keystone.  So it's interesting, we watched, we're interested, but at the end of the day, as I mentioned in my concluding remarks, our core is water and wastewater services. We think that's what we're really good in. We believe there's lots of opportunities for investment in getting better with investment. And we think that this highly fragmented industry and sector with 53,000 water providers and 17,000 wastewater and so if you are actually managed from an overall coordinated standpoint with an entity as large as we are where we can basically leverage volume procurement and our technology and our size, scope and scale. We think that's very attractive. So we watch, we survey but we're comfortable with our strategies as we have laid them out.
Angie Storozynski: Perfect. And my second question to Linda. So given your updated views on operating cash flow especially in light of the Pivotal acquisition, have you been in discussions with credit agencies and do you think that this improvement is going to be sufficient for you guys to avoid any potential credit downgrades.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and we are constantly working with our credit rating agencies. We have meetings set up on an annual basis and we would expect to continue to hold those meetings. We were also in discussions with our credit rating agencies with regard to the Pivotal acquisition. And so we're continuing to work through that. As we mentioned, when tax reform was implemented, that we would expect our FFO-to-debt metrics to drift a bit lower as a result of tax reform.  We've been making positive improvements on the cash flow front since then and we'll continue to look in and to manage our cash flow very carefully. And we do have to remember that, that is one metric that the rating agencies look at. Probably the bigger item around ratings is the risk profile of the water and wastewater industry. And that has not changed, and so -- and we sit very well within that in the industry here.
Angie Storozynski: Okay, thank you.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Verdi with Atwater Thornton. Please go ahead. 
Richard Verdi: Hi, good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking my call and great quarter too. 
Susan Story: Thanks, Rich.
Richard Verdi: I'm quite clear on everything but I have a question on another area outside of the quarter and it pertains to safety culture. As you guys all know, I'm pretty active with presenting on the conference circuit and for about the past two years, I've noticed the topic of safety and protection has become the more and more prominent area discussed by other presenters at these events. And originally, it could be considered filler but it really does appear that this is an emerging trend with some potential for positive impact. I was at the Southwest Infrastructure Water Summit earlier this week and [indiscernible] of American Water, which is discussing how the companies at the forefront of ensuring employee safety. It was interesting because he was delivering remarks stating that Americans basically considering a bunch of different technologies, one of which is robotics. And so I was just wondering if you could share with me what implementing these technologies could mean for employee safety and what that could do for both the American Water financials as well as for the customer because thinking about depending on how that's implemented, it could be a cost and not an investment.
Susan Story: Great, that's a great question. First of all, I will start with and we tell this to all of our almost 7,000 employees. Number one thing that every employee goes home to his or her family and it's good a shape as they came to work with. I don't believe that any company can be a great company if people get hurt or killed at work period. Nothing else you do. I mean, it sends a message as to what value you put on humans, people and the nature of our business. I think that's a core value that we all have to have. That's why it’s a value and I mentioned its also a strategy.  Strategically, as you mentioned some of the things we've done on technology we're very excited. We actually launched an internal safety app last week. What this app does is it allows people in the field to be able to go and say and some of this is already functional and the rest will be functional in a few months. I go out to a location and it's a meter or a pump or something I'm not accustomed to. I can take a picture of it. It will code in and show me exactly what I need to do in terms of operational processes. It will let me take a picture and send in and say, this looks stranger. I need additional equipment.  Can someone send me equipment out? There is an investment in the technology but the savings in terms of just fundamentally getting the job done right the first time, avoiding injuries, avoiding the cost that come with injuries. Number one, it's the right thing to do to focus on employee and by the way safety for the general public. If when you're a water company safety is not number one not just for employees but also for the public in terms of the services as you provide and how you provide it, then I think that company is not going to be long-term financially successful.  So we're very excited about what we're doing and in terms robotics, for example, a lot of the work that our folks in the front line have to do is very manual, very physical. We're investing in technology for example, putting devices on trucks that will open up some of the valve, that will open up and list some of the meters that weigh 50, 60 pounds, with aging workforces others have, finding ways to reduce those tissues, those strain sprain. So yes, it is an upfront investment, but it is an investment that's paying off from a people standpoint and it's also we're finding paying off from a financial standpoint. Walter, you might want to add something.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thank you, Susan. Safety is number one in our company and the safety culture is just taking off for our company because as Susan said, there's nothing more important than our employees going home at the end of the day in the same condition in which they came in. And we talked about it but it's also important that we go out and we demonstrated with new technology. And one of things we're doing, we've talked in the past about drones. We're using drones to do things that before we used to do with people, climbing on water tanks to inspect water tanks and now we're using drones to inspect water tanks. Also above ground water lines, we're using drones to inspect those. So we're looking at every available technology to make sure that what we're doing is in the interest of our employees and we're doing it in the safest way.
Richard Verdi: That’s interesting. Thank you very much guys. I appreciate the time. It’s really interesting and again great quarter, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Susan Story: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: And our last question today will be from Claire Zeng with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Claire Zeng: Hi, great quarter. Thank you so much for taking the question.
Susan Story: Thanks, Claire.
Claire Zeng: Yes. So I wanted to do two quick housekeeping items on the Market-Based Businesses. So the first is, I think with the Pivotal transaction, you guys are coming pretty close to the 15% mark for EPS contribution from your unregulated businesses. Just wanted to get your thoughts there on, is that how you think about that 15% or is that metric has little more flexibility and the timing for that?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, Claire, thank you for the question. And the way that what we disclosed is part of the Pivotal acquisition is that although this acquisition really kind of nearly doubles the size of our HOS business. We expect over the next five years to continue to see the entire Market-Based Business representing less than 15% of our total earnings per share. And so you're absolutely right there that, that's what we see. And when we stepped back and strategically looked at the overall risk profile of the company, the 15% to 20% of our Market-Based Businesses is where our comfort zone is, and only up to 20% if it is something that has a regulated type risk profile. So more regulated like in that regard. And so that's where we are. It does not change our fundamental strategy at all in terms of our Market-Based Business or the overall outlook of how large those businesses could become.
Susan Story: And Claire, this is Susan, and to add to that, when you think about how small market base is for our total business, when we talk about doubling Homeowner Services as Linda said, it's still such a small part of our overall business because regulated currently is about 90%. It takes a lot to really move that. So something like this really, as Linda said, over the next five years, it can move as closer to the 15% but that's given that we don't do other things. So our goal is, we really prefer the 15%, which you said regulated like. That's something like military where you get the 50-year contracts. So that you have some certainty there. That's what we consider to be regulated like. So right now, we're very comfortable with it being right at and below 15%.
Claire Zeng: Got it. That’s really helpful color. Thank you. And the second question is, since you've had a bit of time to review the Pivotal transaction. Just to be sure that you guys are still saying it will be ratable in terms of earnings contribution as in it will be 0 maybe 3, 6, 9, 12. Just wanted to get some color on that.
Linda Sullivan: Absolutely. So what we disclosed was that, we would be earnings neutral in 2018 after transition costs. And this is assuming that we closed in the second quarter. We'll be accretive in the first full calendar year 2019 and then that accretion would steadily grow to about $0.12 per share by 2022. Now that said, we will do a purchase price allocation upon closing and these businesses, as you are aware are capital light. But they do have some capital investments and operational and customer system. And we plan to integrate those systems over time and that will likely require accelerated depreciation as we move to integrate the system. And that's why we built in this gradual accretion. We need to close it first and then we'll detailed integration plan.
Claire Zeng: Got it. That’s all for me. Thank you.
Linda Sullivan: Thanks, Claire.
Operator: This will conclude the question-and-answer session. So with that, I'd like turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Brian, and thanks to everybody for participating in our call today. Please know again that we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and the investments in our stock. If we've not been able to address your questions or if you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph and they will be happy to help. I'd like to remind everyone that our annual shareholders meeting will take place next week from Friday on Friday, May 11. Thanks, again, for listening and have a great week.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Vallejo - Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Story - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Sullivan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Walter Lynch - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ben Kallo - Baird Ryan Connor - Boenning & Scattergood Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Richard Verdi - Atwater Thornton Michael Lapidus - Goldman Sachs Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's 2017 Fourth Quarter and Year-End Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and it is also being webcast within an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through February 28, 2018. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10116315. The online webcast will be available at American Waters Investor Relations home page at ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Anita, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. Now during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our December 31, 2017, Form 10-K, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio can be found in our earnings release and in the appendix of the slide deck for the call. Also, this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations webpage. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that I'll now turn the call over to American Water's, President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. After my opening comments today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our fourth quarter and year-end 2017 results, tax reform impacts and our 2018 guidance and long-term outlook. Our COO, Walter Lynch, will then give key updates on our regulated operations. While their continuous volatility in the market, our fundamental story remains same. The vast majority of our business is regulated and our capital plan is critical to addressing ongoing infrastructure challenges. There’re lots of national conversations about the urgent need to invest in water and wastewater in the U.S., a topic emphasized in the administrations recently released infrastructure plans.  Every year, our country loses about 2 trillion gallons of treated water through more than 240,000 main breaks, with an economic cost in the billions of dollars and about 900 billion gallons of untreated sewage is discharged into our rivers and streams every year, further stressing our environment, water quality in communities. Addressing these infrastructure issues is compounded by fragmented industry with approximately 53,000 water and 17,000 wastewater systems, the majority of which are run by small to medium sized municipalities with multiple competing critical needs for their investment dollars. American Water will invest $8 billion to $8.6 billion over the next five years, with more than $7.2 billion spent to improve our existing systems. Additionally, the lower federal tax rate which Linda will cover in more detail, means we can make these capital investments without increasing customers build as much. We will always make needed investment to ensure safe and reliable water services, which are critical to human life and healthy communities, but we are constantly mindful of what our customers must take for their services.  Our portfolio of market-based businesses provides strong growth by leveraging our core competencies, using little to no capital and generating healthy cash flows. The successful execution of our strategies has enabled us to achieve a five-year total shareholder return of 275% with a 29% TSR in 2017.  Today, we are affirming our 7% to 10% long-term EPS growth and our 2018 EPS guidance range of $3.22 to $3.32 per share, the same that we provided to you in December. Our conservative financial approach has resulted in our current A credit rating and strong balance sheet, providing us optionality going forward under tax reform.  We continue to pursue efficiencies in O&M and capital deployment to further ensure that our decades of investment needs are affordable for our customers. From a capital project risk endpoint, we’re different from most utilities who focus on just a few large projects per year for the majority of their capital spend. Our annual capital is spent on around 500 discrete investment projects per year along with 2,500 smaller and more routine capital efforts. In 2018, this spend is rejected to be $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. And these investment projects are planned for multiple years out so if it is right which could cause delays we simply move that project into a future year and full forward other projects which are already in the key.  Given our size and scale as a nation's largest water utility we've benefit from our geographic diversity reducing both regulatory and weather risk to earnings. And this is further enhanced by our small but important portfolio of market-based businesses. All of our efforts are driven by our commitment to our customers communities and those who invest in us.  For the fifth year in a row our board of directors approved a quarterly dividend increase that is at the top end of our 7% to 10% EPS CAGR. But none of our results matter if do not operate in the right way. For us the house is just as important as the watch [ph]. We know this matters to you too because companies do well but also doing goods. Our efforts in the environmental, social responsibility and governance arenas are recognized most recently Bob Barren which named us 36h out of their 100 most sustainable company. Off course none of our achievements would be possible without the 6,800 people who are American Water.  When sustained subzero temperatures in late December and early January results in over a 1,000 name brakes in the Midwest and Northeast, our folks were working 24 hours a day to ensure that our customer have the precious resource of water into profits as well as critical fire protection and sanitation services. We've been in business for 132 years and we want to be in business for at least that many more years. We have succeeded through world wars, market ups and downs, company ownership changes, technology disruptions and the full continuum a political and regulatory policy experience matters, history matters and that's why we are confident in our business and growth for the future. With that, I'll turn it over to Linda. 
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Susan, and good morning, everyone. Today I will cover our fourth quarter and annual results followed by a discussion of the impacts of tax reform on 2017 and on our five-year plan and conclude with 2018 and five-year earnings guidance. Let me start with our fourth quarter and full-year 2017 results on Slide 7. Excluding the impacts of tax reform, we had a very strong fourth quarter. We reported adjusted earnings of $0.69 per share an increase of $0.12 or 21% over the fourth quarter of 2016.  Our regulated businesses were up $0.11, our market base businesses were up a $0.01 and parent was flat to prior year. GAAP earnings which were negative a $0.01 per share included a $0.70 charge from the green measurement of deferred taxes to the new 21% tax rate under the tax cuts and jobs act. I will discuss the key elements of this charge in more detail in a moment.  For the full-year, our adjusted earnings were $3.03 per share which is at the midpoint of our narrowed earnings guidance range set forth in both December and January, and as you know we have some challenges to overcome in 2017 including tax related changes in several of our states and lower capital upgrades in our military services group. Despite those challenges our teams across the company delivered and just like they have consistently done.  For the year GAAP earnings were $2.38 per share which includes adjustments for the positive insurance settlement related to the freedom industries chemicals bills, the early debt extinguishment charge with the parent and the impact of tax reform.  Turning to Slide 8, let me walk through our adjusted quarterly earnings by business. Our regulated operations were up $0.11 per share in total, revenue was up $0.06 from infrastructure investments and regulated acquisitions, net of lower demand, or declining usage of about 1%. Weather negatively impacted the quarterly comparison by $0.01 per share as fourth quarter 2016 had drought conditions in the northern part of New Jersey resulting in higher bulk water sales.  Also, in the fourth quarter, we had favorable O&M expense of $0.02 per share, mainly from higher O&M expenses in the fourth quarter of 2016 due to timing.  Finally, higher depreciation and interest expense related to investment growth was more than offset by approval of a new depreciation study in Illinois, which reduced full-year 2017 depreciation by $16 million.  Turning to our market-based businesses, we were up $0.01 compared to the same period last year. The majority of this increase was in Homeowner Services from customer growth and price increases, offset slightly by lower capital projects in the Military Services Group. Turning to Slide 9, our full-year adjusted earnings were up $0.19 per share or a $6.7% increase over adjusted earnings in the same period last year. Our regulated operations were up $0.23 in total, driven primarily by infrastructure investment, regulated acquisitions and organic growth.  Also, we had warmer and drier weather in 2016, which negatively impacted year-over-year earnings by $0.05 per share. Depreciation, interest and taxes were higher by $0.06 per share from investment growth, partially offset by the new depreciation rates authorized in Illinois.  Our market-based businesses were up two pennies, with AWE coming in $0.01 favorable to the prior year as growth in Homeowner Services exceeded the impact from lower capital upgrades in our Military Services Group, and Keystone was favorable a $0.01 to prior year as market conditions continued to improve.  Parents and other were down $0.06 mainly from the two discrete tax adjustments associated with legislative changes in New York and Illinois, impacting state tax apportionment, as well as higher interest expense to support growth. Let me now turn to the impact from tax reform on Slide 10. As you all know, there are a lot of moving parts on tax reform both with the numerous judgments and interpretations from the changes in law and how our different regulatory jurisdictions will handle the implications. We will continue to monitor the impact of additional interpretations or guidance on these judgments.  For American Water, the most important takeaway from tax reform is that over the next five years, our fundamental investment strategy does not change. We continue to see a 7% to 10% long-term compound annual growth rate in EPS and our EPS cadre with tax reform is accretive or even stronger than our plan before tax reform.  We expect to continue to invest capital of $8 billion to $8.6 billion over the next five years with a majority focus on the much-needed infrastructure investments for our customers. We expect to continue to help make our regulated customers build affordable by focusing on O&M and capital efficiency. We expect to continue to grow our complementary capital rate and cash flow positive market-based businesses. We expect to maintain our guidance to grow our dividend at the high end of our long-term EPS compound annual growth rate of 7% to 10% and we do not plan to issue additional equity under the normal operating conditions expected with this plan. So, our fundamental stay the same.  Now what changes. There are two primary items. First, we expect our customer bills to benefit from the impact of tax reform, which for us helps to make our much-needed capital investments more affordable. Second similar to other utilities as we return the benefit of the lower tax rate back to our customers, we expect lower cash flow. And with the loss of bonus depreciation we expect to become cash tax payers sooner than in our prior plan which is why Moody's put us along with 23 other utilities on negative outlook. So, you may ask given the expectation of lower cash flow why do we think we can execute on our five-year plan without impacting capital, dividends or equity and the answer is, because we start from a position of strength. We have a very strong balance sheet, we are A rated by S&P and AAA by Moody's which gives us optionality. And we continue to believe we will have a strong balance sheet under the plan even though we expect our FFO to debt metrics to drip to lower as we return the tax rate benefits to our customers and pay cash taxes sooner. It's also important to note that we are working closely with our regulatory jurisdictions to determine the best approach for our customers which I'll talk more about in a moment. So, all that said the bottom line is that we are starting from a position of balance sheet strength and net-net we believe tax reform will be good for both our customers and our shareholders.  Now let me dig into the details a bit. I'll start with how tax reform impacted our 2017 income statement and balance sheet on Slide 11. As I mentioned earlier on the income statement we had a $0.70 or $125 million charge in 2017 related to tax reform. This onetime non-cash charge was the result of re-measuring our deferred taxes from the 35% federal rate to the new 21% rate. The re-measurement was required to be recorded when the new tax law was enacted therefore it impacted 2017 earnings. The largest portion of this adjustment was from federal net operating losses recorded at the parent company as well as adjustments to deferred taxes for items currently not recoverable through regulated customer rates.  For the balance sheet our regulated businesses are required to normalize the impact of the change in the federal tax rate or said another way they are required to return that benefits to customers over the average remaining life of our assets which is currently estimated at approximately 50 years, which is specific to the longer life of water and waste water assets in our industry. The re-measurement resulted in a 1.5 billion net reduction to deferred taxes on the balance sheet.  Looking forward the impact of tax reform on our business is summarized on Slide 12. There are three major technical areas that impact us, and we have shown directionally how they are expected to affect earnings and cash flow and as you can see overall tax reform is expected to be positive to earnings overtime and negative to cash flow.  Let me walk briefly through each area. First, the change in the tax rate from 35% to 21%. We expect the change in tax rates to be accretive to long-term earnings and negative to cash flow. For earnings, the lower tax rate will benefit our customers, so that impact is expected to be earnings neutral. However, we do expect rate base in our regulated businesses to increase overtime as a result of having lower deferred tax liabilities, which offset rate base. There are three primary drivers of lower deferred tax liabilities. First, we will have a lower federal tax rate on new investments. Second, we will normalize or give back to customers the re-measured deferred taxes of the remaining life of the assets, and third we are no longer eligible for bonus depreciation going forward. For our market-based businesses, the lower tax rate is expected to increase earnings, however, we do expect the majority of our military service contracts to true up over time. Partially offsetting these increases is the impact of a lower tax shield on parent company interest expense and higher debt levels due to lower cash flow from operations through 2022. From a cash perspective, the lower tax rate will result in lower regulated revenue under cost of service rate making, although this lower revenue will be earnings neutral, it will negatively impact cash flow as we currently have a net operating loss for federal tax purposes. We will see a cash benefit from lower taxes of the market-based businesses, but this is offset by the lower tax shield on interest expense of the parent company. Next, interest expense reduction and bonus depreciation. Utilities received a carve out that allowed us to preserve the ability to the best interest in exchange for foregoing bonus depreciation. At the parent, we expect the majority of the interest expense to be allocable to our regulated operations and fully deductible for tax purposes.  And with our market-based businesses being capitalized, the allocated interest is expected to be well below the 30% limitations and that is why we showed the interest deduction as neutral to both earnings and cash flow.  As I mentioned earlier, the loss of bonus depreciation will increase rate base and earnings over time, but will decrease cash flow and is expected to accelerate when we become a full cash tax payer from 2021 to 2020. Now let me quantify some of the major impacts I directionally discuss. Let me start with the impact on earnings on the left side of Slide 13. For the regulated businesses, rate base is expected to increase a 4-percentage point over our prior plan to a compound annual growth rate in the range of 7.5% to 8.5% post tax reform. Because the earnings from our market base businesses are at about the same level as the interest expense of the parent company, the increase from the lower tax rate in our market-based businesses is expected to offset the loss in the tax shield on interest at the parent.  However, lower cash flow will result in an additional debt and interest expense drag at the parent. In total, over time, the earnings benefit at the regulated and market-based businesses are expected to largely outpace the additional drag at the parent company. On the cash flow side, we expect lower cash flow of about $500 million over the next five years compared to our pretax reform plan. You can see that the estimated impact is larger in the beginning years, especially in 2020 when we become a full cash tax payer, but that impact declines over time as we grow rate base.  Now the actual impact will be largely dependent upon the outcome of our regulatory proceedings regarding tax reform. With this lower cash flow, we expect about $500 million of additional debt at the parent to support our growth over the next five years, which could increase our long-term debt to cap levels to a range of about 61.5% to 62.5% in 2022 after tax reform.  Moving to Slide 14, the forecast we are providing you today are based on the expectations of a reasonable regulatory outcomes and customer impacts which will be determined by the various regulatory proceedings. And all of our state commissions have opened formal proceedings or dockets related to changes in the tax law or we have open rate cases. And we have begun to work with regulators to determine how best to provide the tax savings to our customers. We are currently considering several options with our various commissions that will moderate rate and cash flow impacts.  Some of the discussions with regulators include consolidation of customer rate impacts with general rate case proceedings, offsetting of capital investment needs and regulatory assets to address the customer rate impact, deferral of rate receiving, rate reduction or a combination of these items. The outcome of these proceedings would likely take some time and we have to keep in mind that each state will look at the infrastructure needs and customer builds in a different way and we are glad our regulators are trying to find a win-win in conversations with us. And this is so important for our customers and the local communities we serve as we continue to invest in our infrastructure and create jobs in our local communities.  Turning to Slide 15, and looking forward to 2018 we are today affirming our 2018 earnings guidance range of $3.22 to $3.32 per share. In terms of the tax reform impact on 2018 in our regulated businesses we do not expect significant near-term changes in earnings. As the decrease in the tax rate is expected to flow back to customers and its earnings neutral.  However, in our market base businesses we do expect a positive impact from the lower tax rate that will be offset by the lower tax shield in interest expense for comparing. The major variables included in our guidance range are consistent with what we've shown you before with plus or minus $0.07 of weather or what we consider to be normal weather variability being the most significant events or variations outside of these ranges could cause our results to differ. Turning to Slide 16 in our long-term financial plan as I mentioned earlier we do not expect our fundamental investments strategy to change. We are affirming our 7% to 10% long-term compound annual growth rate and EPS while investing capital in the range of 8 to 8.6 billion mainly for our customers.  Our strong balance sheet provides flexibility to overcome challenges of tax reform and we do not see a need to issue additional equity under normal operating conditions. We've been a top leader in dividend growth for five consecutive years we've had dividend growth at or above 10% and we expect to grow our divined over the next five years at the top of our 7% to 10% EPS growth range subject to board approval. Also, we continue to target a dividend payout ratio of 50% to 60% of earnings. With that I'll turn the call over to Walter to talk about the regulated businesses.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Linda. Good morning everyone. Our regulated businesses had a strong year all around with historic capital investments and record levels at employee safety, strategic acquisitions and continued O&M efficiency gains that benefit our customers. Let's walk through some of the regulatory highlights starting with Pennsylvania.  The Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission unanimously approved the rates settlement in December with new rates going into effect on January 1st. The settlement resulted in an increase of approximately $62 million in annual revenue driven by approximately 1.3 billion of investments made since our last rate case in 2013.  Our calculated ROE for the [black box] settlement is 10%. This constructive settlement balances our customers’ interest with much needed investments, including the replacement of nearly 450 miles of aging pipe, valve, service lines and hydrants. This substantial investment balanced by our commitment to cost management, mean the average family pays about $2 for a day's worth of cooking, feeding, cleaning and drinking water. In New Jersey, we filed a rate case last September, seeking recovery at $868 million in infrastructure upgrades, made in less than three years since our last rate adjustment in 2015. This includes a replacement of more 200 miles of aging water mains, which is in compliance with the new replacement rate criteria of New Jersey's recently approved Water Quality Accountability Act. In fact, New Jersey American Waters had a better replacement rate than required by the new law for several years.  In Missouri, we filed a rate case last June, requesting an increase of $84 million in annual revenue, driven by more than $490 million in investment in our systems. Settlement discussions have begun with evidentiary hearings to begin next week. A decision could come late April or early May. In California, we filed our cost of capital application last April, it was submitted for consideration in the fall with a proposed decision issued earlier this month. The proposed decision must be on record for 30 days before the commission considers it. At that time, they may support, reject or modify it. We've reviewed the decision and intend to file comments next week. We're concerned that the proposed decisions recommendation on ROE does not reflect current market conditions like interest rates, inflation and tax reform. It also makes an assumption that ROE is guaranteed by the water revenue adjustment mechanism, which is not accurate. This will be reflected in our comments and will keep you updated as the process moves forward.  Finally, as Linda mentioned, our states are currently assessing the impact of tax reform. We're working closely with our local commissions as each of our states have different circumstances and needs. We want to ensure we get to the right outcome for everyone. Moving to growth, we had another great year. We added 15,000 customers through organic growth in our existing service areas, the highest organic growth in many years. Through pending and closed acquisitions, we've added or we'll add approximately 63,000 customers in our regulated businesses. You can see here that we have 16 pending acquisitions in multiple states. This growth across our footprint, really speaks to the local solutions we’re able to offer neighboring communities.  In 2017, we closed 19 acquisitions in 9 states, adding about 40,000 customers. This includes our newest wastewater customers in McKeesport Pennsylvania. We completed that acquisition last December and we're pleased to welcome 22,000 new customers as well as the new employees who joined our Pennsylvania American Water team. This acquisition has been highlighted in several venues as a model of public and private sectors working together to address wastewater challenges. Turning to Slide 20, doing right by our customers is key to our ability to grow. This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. We invested more total capital in 2017 than in any other year, with $1.4 billion going into our regulated operations. This is critical to reliable service, but it's also about affordable service.  As you know, we measure our operating efficiency using the O&M efficiency ratio. With tax reform, we expect that metric to increase to 34.9% in 2018 due to reduced operating revenues. For comparison purposes, we've included pre-tax reform and post-tax reform numbers. As you can see we've made great progress since 2010 due to our continued commitments to our customers and our culture of continuous improvement which is why we expect to meet our 32% O&M efficiency target by 2022. Let me give you two examples of the many initiatives we have at American Water to improve operating efficiency.  We have a highly trained asset reliability team that conducts assessments at critical facilities across our footprint. Using specialized instruments these teams predict and correct minor issues preventing major issues from occurring. Just last year further assessments they identified and corrected about 200 minor issues resulting in 400,000 hours of repair cost.  In New Jersey our operations team is using the acoustic monitoring to find and fix leaks before they lead to main brakes. This water saving technology uses sound ways to locate leaks and as already provided savings up to 1.9 million in the first two year and an estimated 1.7 million of water per day. Remember every dollar we save in expenses we can invest $8 in capital with no impact to customer builds that would drive our commitment to our O&M target.  Additionally, we reinforced our operational efficiency efforts by also focusing on capital efficiency leveraging technology and using our scale and size to achieve savings for a supply chain. We understand that driving capital efficiency allows us to do more with the same amount of money.  In summary it was a great year of growth, smart investments and engaged employees driving efficiencies and quality results also benefited our customers.  With that I'll now turn the call back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thank you, Walter. Before I turn the call over for questions, I do want to speak just a couple of minutes about the administrations, infrastructure proposals which was recently released. We're encouraged that the administration in congress are working to address the pressing need to upgrade our nation's infrastructure including the systems that provide critical water and waste water services.  Companies like American Water play an important role working together with the public sector as the needs are too good for anyone sector to tackle along. We are very pleased that the proposals seeks to level the playing field for private and public providers of these critical services.  There are several positive proposals in the plan including the removal of caps on tax exempt private activity bonds as well as making clean water state revolving fund loans available to private waste water utilities. The plan encourages partnerships between private and public providers with incentives for smarter ways of investing in critical upgrades and while this infrastructure plan's just a proposal the fact is that the tax cuts and job reform act is actually in infrastructure package for us. It doesn’t change our strategy or operating plans but we will be able to invest more with less impact to our billed and that's the good news for our customers and our regulators. American Water looks forward to continuing to be part of the infrastructure conversations and working with the administration congress as they address the nation's infrastructure challenges. With that we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The question today comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Securities. 
Shahriar Pourreza: So just two questions. First, there has obviously have been a lot of analysis on tax reform and so much of the focus is centered on cash flow metrics like FFO to debt. In light of you guys not needing any equity and looking at debt to sort of offset the near-term cash drag from tax reform can we talk a little bit about what other metrics the agencies could be looking at especially as we think about the water industry. I have to imagine that looking at cash flow metrics in isolation sort of misses the bigger picture, especially in this industry?
Linda Sullivan: Yeah. Shah, this is Linda, and you're right there has been a real heavy focus on FFO to debt metric for utilities due to the lower cash flow from the loss of bonus depreciation, the passing back of the tax benefits to customers and especially for those that are in a federal net operating loss position like us, and you're right, FFO to debt is an important element of our rating.  It represents 12.5% of our rating under Moody's methodology, but it is also important to note that the largest component of our ratings is based on our business risk profile, which generally represents about half of our rating. And the business risk profile is based on a more qualitative risk specific to the water industry and to the unique size and scale of American Water.  So, for example, the types of things that are looked at there are items such as the absolute essential service of providing water, the smooth deployment of our small capital projects like Susan talked about earlier, and the regulatory environments across our diverse 14 jurisdictions that really support our ability to grow to invest and to generate cash flow going forward. So, this strong business risk profile is not changing with tax reform. The other thing that's really important to note is that the business risk profile of the water industry and American Water is unique to us. So, our FFO to debt metrics generally will fall in a broader range than what you see with other utilities, so a strict comparison of the numbers of FFO to debt with other utilities is really not a good comparison.  So, all that said as I mentioned in my comments, with tax reform, we do expect our FFO to debt metrics to drift lower and we very carefully evaluated the right mix of capital investment needed for our customers, dividends for our shareholders and then we believe will be able to carry the tax reform impact without issuing additional equity.  So, the tradeoff is a lower FFO to debt ratio and our starting point as I mentioned is a very strong balance sheet that provided us with that optionality as we work through the appropriate mix.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. That’s super, helpful. And then just I want to touch a little bit on your growth rate. You have no dilution obviously from incremental equity, you have very minimal regulatory or structural lag and what seems to be fairly perpetual growth opportunities and a very healthy step up in rate base. So how are you sort of thinking about where growth should fall kind of within these raises, especially as the benefit of tax reform sort of lands within your outlook. So mainly focused on your 5% to 7% regulated growth outlook.
Linda Sullivan: So, in our growth triangle, we continue to see that the bottom part of that triangle that’s 5% to 7% for rate base growth. We also see 1% to 2% for regulated acquisitions and both of those together really kind of translate to what we showed on our rate base growth chart.
Susan Story: Shah, this is Susan, we can not to be a company that gets too far ahead of ourselves and speculate what we want to see is, let's give time for everything to settle in, and before we start looking at changing anything, we want to feel confident and comfortable that our plan which we have presented as 7% to 10% is still the best guess we have in terms of the best estimates and projections we have for the next five years. So, what you won't see is us going back and forth based on the type of tweens or initial analysis, but the point you brought up are good, we will continue to evaluate all market trends we will continued away with our balance sheet and our growths opportunities to determine the best projections for our five years plan. 
Operator: The next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So, wanted to follow-up little bit up on Shah's questions two-fold on the tax reform question. First, on the regulatory front what are you embedding in the context of your slide, you showed some CFO impacts. Can you touch on some of the regulatory operates in the key states say Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Missouri for instance just on what the game plan is there vis-à-vis returning the funds to customers or otherwise seeking accelerated investments depreciation?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and we are working as we have 14 regulatory jurisdictions, we are working through with those regulators in terms of how to best pass the benefits back to customers and continue to invest in the much-needed infrastructure. And so, as you know we have currently three open rate cases proceeding in New Jersey, California and Missouri so we are having discussions in those proceeding. We're also working across our jurisdictions where everyone is really open sometime of a tax proceeding, and so we're working to determine what is the best approach and I went through some of those strategies on the call I don’t know Walter if you want to add a little bit more to the specific state.
Walter Lynch: Again, as Linda said we are in rate proceedings obviously in New Jersey and California and Missouri and were incorporating these discussions in those rate case proceedings. It's a great discussion we're open with the committee were very happy that the commissions are open to discussing these issues as part of the rate filings and as Linda said in the other proceedings we're working through with the commissions to say we want to mitigate the impact on customers give back what we can but then as we invest we want to make sure that it's smoothing out, so with that I think we're having good discussions across our footprint. 
Linda Sullivan: And with those discussion Julian we put forward on slide 13 the cash flow impacts that are expected using reasonable judgments and so we looked at what do we think are the reasonable judgments from a regulatory perspective, what are some of the cash flow strategies that we can deploy across the company and we wanted to be very transparent to put it there by year.
Susan Story: Julian, interestingly each of our state are in a little bit different situation for example I mentioned we actually had about 1,400 main brakes in the frigid temperatures in late December and January so that goes into our investment planning where we've had flooding, where you have natural disasters were putting a lot of focus on our critical assets and resiliency plan when you look at Indiana for example, in Gary, Indiana there are a lot of lower income customer [on-lit] service lines. So, each state has some similarities but each state also has its own issues in terms of investment needs as well as the ability to be able to continue to have these affordable rates while we increase our investments. So, each state President as Walter says, we are very much a local company and each state President and each state staff is working very closely to determine what that specific state needs are and finding the way forward that works for everybody.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just coming back to the FFO to debt question, I know there has been a lot of focus on it. Can you just give us a little bit more of a quantification of where you stand relative to where the agencies want to see you, just again -- just broad brush where you kind of end up through the plan?
Linda Sullivan: Yeah, Joe, so our cash flow from operations remains robust, Moody's just issued their report and published an effort FFO to debt metric of 17% covering 12-months ended in September and we believe the FFO to debt metric continue to remain strong throughout the remainder of 2017.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Through the remainder of 2017, you said?
Susan Story: Yeah. Yes.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Kallo from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: Hi, thanks for taking my question. Could we just cut back to California the cost capital proposal? And then maybe John, what we saw with other types of utilities and their cost capital of California, what you think that means going forward to water utilities in California? And then do you think that there's a spillover or this is a precedent in other jurisdictions? And then I have a follow-up question, please.
Linda Sullivan: Yeah, absolutely. So, the decision was an administrative law judge proposed decisions are not a final decision. We have as Walter mentioned, we have 30 days before the commission considers it and we will -- and they can support, project or modify it, we will be filing comments it next week and we are concerned that the ROE does not reflect the current market conditions like interest rates, company’s risk profile, et cetera. And we will include those items in our comments back to the commission. And I think reasonable jurisdictions across the country we're not seeing anywhere near those proposals, and I think there is an understanding of the need to have attract capital to invest in a much-needed water and wastewater infrastructure across the nation.
Ben Kallo: I guess on that point, is my second question. You guys mentioned infrastructure plan that comes up in conversations. But could you just talk about maybe the one or two things, I know it’s early and it's changed a lot, but one or two things that actually have key for the water utility industry?
Susan Story: Yeah. So, this is Susan, Ben. So, we were actually little bit surprised just how much focus there actually was on water and wastewater. And a few things, so, PricewaterhouseCoopers actually came out with a report about six months ago, that said that $60 billion to $80 billion of additional private investment could be leased if a few things happened. Interestingly, they were five things they listed, two of those five, I mentioned in my comments which is one thing people may not understand, it’s state revolving signs that tend to have the least expensive financing cost, we're able to take advantage of those in several of our states, but only for drinking water.  The clean water -- the Clean Water Drinking Act state revolving fund, which is wastewater, it would not allow private. This particular proposal now would allow us to be able to access the state revolving funds, which have a lower financing cost. That’s one.  The WIFA the Water Infrastructure and Finance Act. It basically also allows for private firms to be able to pay and financing debt tied to the treasury yield without an up charge. So that would expand the ability to do that. Couple of things too that we're seeing that will be part of this is, half of the $200 billion debt the administration says is going to leverage the $1.5 trillion, over half of that is for projects and only 20% of the project cost can come from federal, so local areas, private companies or municipalities will have to find funding for the other 80% of that, we think that's very positive as well as the fact that the issue of workforce development and looking at things like permitting reform to allow projects to go forward more quickly we think those are all positive things that will benefit not just the entire industry but specifically American Water.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Connor with Boenning & Scattergood.
Ryan Connor: I wanted to -- it's understandable because the tax reform is such an important issue but it that definitely does seem there is less focus this quarter on the acquisition M&A municipal M&A pipeline. So, I just wanted to get more of an update there on the pipeline especially in the key states like Pennsylvania where you've had so much of success in the last couple of years and it would be and now with the act 12 in and just want to kind of get a little more detailed update on the deal environment and the cadence of the encore activity and that sort of thing?
Walter Lynch: The opportunities are robust throughout our pipeline. We spend a lot of time working on legislation to enable the acquisitions, our teams are focused on it. The municipal sector, many of them are having a lot of issues at monetizing the assets would really solve their situation. So, we're in discussion we have as I said before about 330,000 customer opportunities in our pipeline across our footprint and that's up from 145,000 this time last year so we have a robust pipeline, we are working through in each of our states and I can't comment at anyone deals that's not public yet but we are working very hard to meet the 1% to 2% growth of 30,000 to 60,000 customers and I feel confident we're going to get there.
Ryan Connor: Okay, and in terms of -- I know you can't comment on specific deals but in terms of the general themes that are coming up on those discussions I mean are there certain recurring themes that are preventing things from moving ahead in a number of cases or is it just kind of real case-by-case aspect and any common threads you can let us seen on in terms of how those discussions move ahead or don’t move ahead?
Walter Lynch: No overall themes it's really the case-by-case basis and again we feel very good about our pipeline about their size of the deals and our focus again has been 3 to 30,000 customers and we feel like we're going to execute on that very favorably over the next five years.
Linda Sullivan: Ryan, this is an area where our geographical diversity also helps. I mean you mentioned about Pennsylvania but the fact is we've got numerous states where we have opportunities and that's part of this significant pipeline we have which is we're in 16 states we have 14 regulatory jurisdictions it's much easier to grow from a grass roots where were in the communities we live there, so what we're seeing is more states that would see activity and so we think that's a very big positive. 
Ryan Connor: And then just to revisit this, I don’t want to beat the dead horse so to speak but on the tax impacts and there is a various PCs looking at how to address that issue and then opening discussions on that, just to be clear from a modeling standpoint obviously the earnings impact is neutral to positive but from a revenue standpoint I mean just to be clear logically we’re talking about a potential revenue requirement reduction at least in some cases, I mean is that logically – that’s the way to think about it, correct?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, it is. That's correct.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I'm sorry to go back to the tax question, so when you show us the projections of the likely degradation of the operating cash flow, I mean how does it compare to what the credit agencies saw back in January when they put you in the negative credit watch, because, at least versus in our expectation, it seems like the reductions and FFO was a bit lower, I mean, do you think the reduction is lower than we have expected?
Susan Story: Yeah, when Moody’s put us on the negative outlook as you know they put us on with 23 other companies. And so, we didn't really do a deep dive into our financials that was really more about us being in net operating loss position. And so, we are having meetings with our rating agencies, we're continuing to work through this, but today we’re not kind of reviewing all of these details as part of that particular analysis.  So, we'll continue to work with them and what we wanted to do here is really be transparent that from our prior plans to this plan with tax reform, this is our estimate of the potential tax impacts on cash flow over that five-year period, with the key being that you can see us kind of higher in the earlier years, and then as rate base continues to grow it lessens.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And given that the earnings mix placed such a role in your credit ratings, is there -- I mean are you having any second thoughts about the growth in the market-based operations in light of this tax reform, just mostly just to attempt to manage some of the duration and the FFO to debt through maybe some change in the earnings mix?
Susan Story: Yeah. So, when we look at the earnings mix going forward, remember that under tax reform, the regulated business is growing and the market-based business is growing. That’s being offset somewhat by the additional drag as the parent company, but the earnings mix is still roughly $90.10.
Linda Sullivan: Yeah. And Angie, we have no plans at this point to change strategically our outlook for regulatory – for regulated versus market based.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. Then my last question. So, the infrastructure plan. As you, Susan, pointed out yourself, it actually did cover a quite a bit of water related investments. And so, are the municipalities basically even more hopeful that they will some help from the federal government and as such, that could further delay any municipal M&A?
Susan Story: One thing that was missing from the infrastructure proposal, there are not large pots of federal money, free federal money. Basically it's $200 billion to leverage $1.5 trillion and except for about $50 billion that’s set aside for rural infrastructure block grants, which also was expanded to include broadband, really the amount of money, half of that $200 billion, $100 billion is basically 20% of a project and the municipality has to find a way to finance 80%. Then you’ve got some of the block grants that have to include broadband transportation and water for $50 billion. Then you’ve got expanding the federal loan programs that we all have access to but then again, our municipality has to ensure it has bonding capacity that it's able to do and then beyond that you got about 10% -- 7% to 10% that was dedicated for what the administration refers to this transformative projects like Elon Musk Hyperloop on transportation so what you don’t see here are huge amounts of free federal funding that people can access. 
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Verdi with Atwater Thornton.
Richard Verdi: I have a quick question regarding Keystone on the last call it sounded like American was guiding to rather flat earnings growth there in 2018, however on the last call I mentioned that it sits through the filings since American acquired Keystone the customer base is more than doubled. Rig count is up let's call it 10 rigs in the past 10 months and all of the energy companies that I used to follow are shifting's through their transcripts, listening to their calls are exciting that Marcellus is heating up. I mean just yesterday [Indiscernible] said that they are expecting a meaningful increase in shipments to the Marcellus which means there are much more frac sand there which means you are going to see a much higher water needs, you need to clean it and deliver it etcetera. So, I'm wondering if you can give us an update on Keystone for 2018 because in my eyes right now it looks like that's going to be much stronger than what American guided to as just a few months ago. 
Linda Sullivan: One of the things we did cover is that year-over-year Keystone was a penny up from 2016 so we were very encouraged to see that and it didn’t show up in the fourth quarter because the markets are to picking up in the fourth quarter of '16. However, you are correct we currently have about 300 employees, we're looking to hire another 100 the margins or a little less than they were before the market went down but we're still continuing to grow our percent of the market, there is a lot of big projects underway this year and we feel very good about the business this year. We think it is going to be a strong business this year. 
Richard Verdi: Just one other question and it pertains to the military group and the idea that the contracts which were up on tax reform. I understand under the price re-determination I can understand how this might be the case. But with economic price adjustments, I mean the concept bears contractual and very simply put the idea is that if the water utility spent too much then they would have to eat it but at the same time wouldn’t the water utilities get the benefit and a benefit of tax reform. I guess everything I'm hearing is pointing to American is going to keep that and you guys are some daily ones I don’t know if it's conservative approach but I'm kind of having a hard time understanding how you guys see that improve.
Linda Sullivan: Sure. So, Rich when you understand price redetermination so on the positive side and this helps to make it regulated like there are three instances that the department of defense as they will true up your original bid and you are right, if you make a bad O&M bid, and it doesn’t fall into these categories you live with the results and one of those is do you have a law change. For example, that there is a change that requires more environmental monitoring then we actually can get more money for that.  We also look at inflation and the O&M contracts could adjust for inflation. And the third component is, if we put another capital project, for example, if we build another wastewater facility and operation costs go up or down, it gets trued up. So, understanding that’s the definition of price redetermination.  So, what you have now is that the DLA and the DOD has not come in and said where they see to tax reform falling into. So yes, we are very conservative, one way, you can review and you can interpret what that price redetermination definition is, is that tax reform was a law and thus we would basically give back that money over a period of time, just likely we would gain, if there was a law passed that increase our cost. So that's been our position.  I know that not everyone shares that, we're not sure, what they have not basically given that the days of DOD has not given guidance. But, the way we're modeling it is in the most conservative nature. So, if they come back and say, gee, we are going to let you keep a portion or is this, then it would just be upside for us. But, we feel more comfortable modeling the way we have it, based on our interpretation of the caveats and the price redetermination.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapidus with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Q – Michael Lapidus: Just curious how you're thinking about larger scale M&A in a world where tax reform maybe impacts you less than some of your peers, in a world where you're trading at a mid-20s PE multiple and at a time when you've got one of the best balance sheets in the business?
Susan Story: Well, thank you Michael. Well, I wish we have used some of your words in our call. But in terms of how we look at it when we look at our growth triangle, we don't consume any large acquisitions. So that 1% to 2% of acquisitions are the tuck-ins are the ones in our state. They're very ground up grassroots up that happened in the local communities.  However, we also do have a corporate strategy group and we are always looking at the landscape, we're always looking at other water companies, we're always looking at municipalities, large municipalities, we have mentioned to our investors before as we look at whether we grow in our existing states or new state, if we look at going into new state, we look at three factors, we look at the business climate, the regulatory climate and we see a way to get to 50,000 customers in five years, because otherwise, our efficiency model doesn't work and we can't ensure that we have affordable value added rates for our customers that we can leverage our size, scope and scale. So, the answer is we are always looking, however, we are also very disciplined in how we look and we don't believe that you get too in love with any type of deal or to chase a deal that could be to the detriment of the overall long-term performance of the company. So, we'll continue to look, monitor where we see opportunities, we’ll pursue them.
Michael Lapidus: And do you see the opportunity set as being changed at all via tax reform?
Susan Story: That's a really interesting question. I think that the water space is so limited and that you look at that and I'm not sure, I don't think any of us understand now how all of this is going to shake out in the next one, two, three years. In terms of municipalities I don’t think it makes a difference. I think the bigger difference sort of things like the age of water systems, waste water systems, the amount of investment needed, growing pension has been the pension liability the amount of roads that need paying, the amount of schools.  So, for us really, I think it's more in the municipal market it is left to be seeing what happens with the entire water waste water infrastructure in this country and how we approach that because it is getting at a critical stage and in the next few years decisions are going to have to be made because these systems can't hold-up forever if they are not being invested in. And even more importantly one thing we really like about the administration's plan in the past sometimes you had pools of money and it only went to a capital project but there was no requirement for nourishment of this systems ongoing.  The interesting thing about this administration, the 50% of the 200 billion that funds the 20% not only are they looking at investing 20% of those funds into projects that have funding for the upfront capital investments but they are also requiring a revenue stream that is predictable that will help with operations maintenance and upkeep. We've not seeing that before.  So, the recognition of life cycle cost for this infrastructure investment it's something that I think is a real positive that you have to step back and look at what are you going to do for the next 50 years as Linda mentioned in the water industry our assets we're looking at 50 years we're not looking at 20 or 30 years. There is 50 sometimes 70-year assets. So, we think that based on what happens with this proposal and the overall philosophy about overall infrastructure investments could have more opportunity than any type of impact from tax reform on individual product companies. 
Operator: The final questions today comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, Susan [indiscernible], okay so. Thanks, I appreciate you taking it though.
Susan Story: It's great, so I'll continue. So, we thank all of you for participating on our call today. We value you as our investor owners and as financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their financial futures. We will always being open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you and so you can have confidence in your decisions around our company and your investments in our stock.  If we've not been able to address on the questions or you think about something later please call Ed or Ralph, and they will be happy to help you. We look forward to talking to you at our 2018 first quarter earnings call on May 3, and our Annual Shareholders Meeting will take place on Friday, May 11. Thanks again and we hope you all have a great week.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Vallejo - Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Story - President and Chief Executive Officer Walter Lynch - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer Linda Sullivan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Richard Verde - Ladenburg Thalmann Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Stuart Allan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and it is also being webcast within an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 09, 2017. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10113687. The online webcast will be available at American Waters Investor Relations home page at ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Danielle, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up to questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our September 30, 2017, Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted income, adjusted earnings per share both has historical financial information and as earnings guidance, adjusted return on equity and our adjusted regulated O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that I'll turn the call over to American Water's, President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our third quarter financial results and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. Moving to Slide 5, our employees delivered solid financial performance and continue to execute on our strategies in the third quarter. These strategies include prioritizing employee and customer safety, building constructive regulatory relationships through transparency and credibility, providing excellent service to our customers, growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operations to keep bills affordable for our customers. Our third quarter adjusted earnings were $1.08 per share, increase of $0.03 per share or 2.9% over the same period in 2016. This 2017 third quarter adjusted number excludes a positive $0.07 related to an insurance settlement from the Freedom Industries chemical spill which you may remember with a negative $0.22 in last year's third quarter. This quarter's adjusted number also excludes $0.02 of an early debt refinancing charge at the parent. Linda will discuss this in more detail in her comments. With a slide results we've seen year-to-date and projected through the year-end, we've narrowed our adjusted earnings guidance to $3 to $3.06 per share. Our foundation for growth continuous to be providing safe and reliable service by investing widely and effectively in our regulated operations. We've made more than a $1 billion in capital investments in the first nine months and we're on track to invest about $1.65 billion for the full year with a vast majority dedicated to water and wastewater system replacement and improvement. We've remained focused on controlling our O&M expenses to ensure that every dollar we spend on infrastructure replacements has minimal impact on our customers' bills. We're extremely proud of our employees' efforts to improve efficiencies and their commitment comes from a deeply ingrained culture at American Water to provide the best quality water and water services to our customers at an affordable price. Our folks live in the communities we serve and all of our employees are keenly aware of the importance of keeping customer bills affordable. This commitment to customer care contributes to our growth. This year, we have welcomed about 16,000 new customers from acquisitions and 2,400 customers from organic growth in our service areas. We also have signed agreements representing another 45,000 customers pending regulatory approvals .We also saw growth this quarter in our market based businesses mainly driven by our Homeowner Services Group. HOS currently has 1.7 million customer contracts that serve more than 825,000 customers in 43 states in Washington DC. Keystone clear water remained relatively flat quarter-over-quarter but it's still projected to be accretive this year, due to increased activity inward during the latter part of the year. A real highlight of the quarter with our Military Services Group win of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio. We consider it an honor and a privilege to sever the military men and women who defend our country and our liberty. This base is the 13th installation to partner with American Water. We're fully committed to providing industry leading water and wastewater service to Wright-Patterson for the next 50 years. We also had three other significant accomplishments I would like to highlight for the quarter. First, we completed a $1.34 billion debt financing which is the largest since our IPO in 2008. These interest savings will provide significant long term benefits primarily for our regulated customers. Linda will discuss this financing in more detail. Second, you may remember that in the third quarter of last year, we entered into a global binding agreement in principal related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. Two of our insurance carriers providing coverage about to $25 million each choose not to participate in that settlement agreement at that time. We have not settled with one of those carriers and this $22 million settlement reduces West Virginia American Water's total pretax cost from $65 million to $43 million. We continue in arbitration with the remaining insurance carrier. And third, Walter will discuss in a moment our filing of a proposed black box settlement agreement among interveners and our Pennsylvania rate case which remained subject to approvals. So all said, we're on track to meet our long term 7% to 10% long term EPS guidance. Walter will now give you his update on our regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our regulated businesses continue to show strength through growth, increase investment in infrastructure, improved customer service and progress made to manage our expenses. Let's walk through some of the highlights of the quarter. We currently have active rate cases in our three largest states Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Missouri. In Pennsylvania, we entered into a proposed settlement agreement in October 16 that would provide additional annualized water and wastewater revenues of $62 million. As you may recall, this case was driven by $1.3 billion in capital investments ensure reliable service. The proposed settlement agreement is under review by the presiding administrative law judges and will then go before the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission for approval. We anticipate a decision before year-end and are hopeful we can discuss the settlement further on or December 11 guidance call. Moving to New Jersey, we filed a general rate case in September 15, seeking $129 million of annualized revenue over three years. Since our last rate adjustment in 2015, we invested more than $868 million in infrastructure upgrades. These investments included replacing more than 200 miles of water main and a flood protection project that are rare to millstone water treatment facility. Susan will talk about her efforts to mitigate extreme weather impacts later. But this project will ensure the sustainability of the water supply for more than 1 million people in seven counties in central New Jersey. That level of investment also had a positive impact on New Jersey's economy creating approximately 14,000 jobs across the state. As we mentioned last call, we field a rate case in Missouri requesting an increase of $84 million in annual revenue, driven by more than $490 million in investment in our systems. This case marks the first future test we're filing by Missouri American Water and we appreciate the commission's openness to consider its use in this case. Moving to California, the files that occurred last month in Sonoma and Napa counties have been devastating to the communities there including in one of our service areas Larkfield. We're still assessing the damage but we estimate that about a quarter of our service district about 600 homes have been destroyed. We're working with our impact to customers during this difficult time. While the recovery work is still underway to replace damage equipment, we were pleased that we maintain water service for firefighting during the event and we stored full part of water services for the vast majority of residents there within a matter of days. We're also very pleased to announce the California America Water and the American Water charitable foundation provided a grant of $100,000 to the North Bay fire relief for individuals and families impacted by the wildfires. I want to thank our team in California for responding quickly to our customers during this crisis and most importantly for staying safe. Turning the Slide 9. Let me touch briefly on weather for the quarter. As you know we had a $0.02 benefit from hot dry weather in the third quarter of 2106. In the third quarter of 2017, we experienced warmer weather in several states through July. However, during the remainder of the quarter, we saw more rain and cooler temperatures in the Northeast. We've spoken in the past about how our geographic diversity allows us to manage the weather fluctuations and limit their impact. As a result, weather did not positively or negatively impact our revenue for the third quarter of 2017. Linda will cover the quarter-over-quarter and year-to-date earnings impact. Turning to Slide 10, we added about 16,000 new customers to date through completed acquisitions and more than 10,000 through organic growth. In October, we also received an approval from the Pennsylvania public utility commission of our McKeesport Pennsylvania wastewater acquisition. This is great progress and we expect this acquisition will close later this year. We're excited to add these 22,000 new customers and welcome our new employees. As Susan mentioned, we have pending agreements to welcome 45,000 more customers which includes a McKeesport acquisition. We're pleased that this represents 11,000 more pending customers than we had last quarter. Moving on to Slide 11. Doing right by our customers is key to our ability to grow. This mean smart investment balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. During the first nine months of the year, we invested $963 million of which the majority was dedicated to Regulated Operations to keep our services reliable. We also continue to keep our service affordable by working more efficiently throughout our business. Our O&M efficiency ratio decreased from 34.9% to 34.2% for the last 12 months ending September 30, 2017. We're on track to achieve our long term goal of 32.5% by 2021. Thanks again to our employees and their commitment to our customers. Technology is also playing a critical role, let me give you a couple examples of this. In Illinois, we're using technology to make the operation of our Bradley avenue treatment plant in Champaign more cost efficient through automation. During a nine month period this year, we've already saved more than $200,000 well effectively managing our plan. We expect to achieve savings of about $300,000 annually. In Pennsylvania, our operations team is using cellular leak detection instruments to find and fix leaks before they lead to main breaks. This technology provides remote alarming and automatic data uploads from any you location where self-service is available. So this technology, we're saving 11 million gallons of water per day. Additionally is estimated that it's about 10 times cheaper to fix a leak before the water main breaks. The technology in operational efficiency are core or strategies. And these examples demonstrate how our company is using innovation to better serve our customers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. Let me start with our third quarter 2017 result on Slide 13. GAAP earnings were a $1.13 per share, an increase of $0.30 compared to the same period last year. We had a few non-GAAP adjustments in both periods, so let me start with those. First, we adjusted GAAP earnings for the Freedom Industries chemical spill settlement activities. In 2016, we entered into a binding global agreement in principle to settle all claims associated with this matter of which West Virginia American Water share net of insurance recoveries was a pretext charge of $65 million or $0.22 per share. At that time, two of our insurers providing coverage of up to $25 million each did not agree to participate in the settlement and we initiated legal action to pursue recovery. In the third quarter of 2017, we reached a settlement with one of those insurers to recover $22 million pretax or a $0.07 per share benefit. With this insurance settlement, West Virginia American Water share of its $126 million Freedom Industries settlement was reduced from $65 million to $43 million pretax. Consistent with prior year treatment of this settlement, this benefit was reflected as a non-GAAP adjustment. Also in August, we completed a $1.35 billion financing, which I will discuss in greater details and few slides. A portion of the proceeds was used to refinance certain higher cost debt before their original maturity dates in 2018 and 2021. This resulted in early debt extinguishment charges of $34 million in total. The majority of this amount or $28 million is expected to be recovered through customer rates and was recorded as regulatory assets and did not impact earnings. However, $6 million or $0.02 per share was associated with parent company debt and recorded as a charged earnings. We have reflected this item as a non-GAAP adjustment consistent with prior year treatment of similar charges. Excluding these items, adjusted earnings were a $1.08 per share, an increase of $0.03 or 2.9% over the same period in 2016 with the regulated segment up $0.05, the market based businesses up $0.03 and the parent was unfavorable $0.5. Turning to Slide 14, let me walk through our adjusted quarterly results by each business. Our regulated operations were up $0.05 in total, revenue was up $0.08 from authorized rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms to support growth and acquisitions and this is net of lower demand or declining usage of about 1%. Also in the third quarter of 2016, we had warmer weather as Walter discussed which negatively impacted the quarterly comparison by $0.02 per share. Next we had higher net depreciation interest and general taxes of $0.03 driven by investment growth. And then finally, all other items resulted in the benefit of $0.2 mainly from our continuous focus on cost management. Turning to our market based businesses. We were up $0.03 compared to the same period last year. The majority of this increase was from Homeowner Services from customer growth and price increases. Although we continue to experience lower capital projects in the Military Services Group, we are excited to announce the agreement with Wright-Patterson Air Force Base in Ohio which represents partnership with our 13th military base. This contract will add $490 million in revenue over the 50 year contract term. And with the addition of this base, our backlog of revenue associated with our military contract is over $3.5 billion over their remaining contacts contract terms. And then lastly, the parent was down $0.05 per share in the quarter, $0.02 was due to the cumulative tax adjustment I discussed last quarter related to the July 1 increase in our state income tax rate in Illinois. This change required us to re-measure our deferred tax balances at the new rates in the third quarter. The cumulative adjustment totaled $7 million. The portion calculated on a standalone basis for Illinois is expected to be recovered due future customer rates and was recorded as a regulatory asset. The remaining portion was allocated to the parent through our state tax apportionment factors and reduced 2017 earnings by $0.02 per share. The remaining $0.03 of the parent was from higher interest expense to support growth of $0.01 and an overlap of interest expense related to our August financing of about a penny. The overlap was because we had four $428 million of parent debt that didn't actually mature until October of this year but was part of the refinancing in August. And lastly, we had a $0.01 tax benefit recognized last year. Turning to Slide 15, our year-to-date adjusted earnings were to $2.34 per share or 3% increase over adjusted earnings in the same period last year. Our Regulated Operations were up $0.12 per share in total, which includes the $0.04 negative year-over-year impact from weather as Walter discussed. Our market based businesses were up a penny with the favorable third quarter results in our Homeowner Services Group exceeding the impact from lower capital projects in our Military Services Group. Parents and other were down $0.06 mainly due to the two discrete tax adjustments associated with legislative changes in New York and Illinois impacting state tax apportionment. Now, let me discuss in more detail the August $1.35 billion financing on Slide 16. This was the largest financing at American Waters since our IPO in 2008, and our team did an extraordinary job executing this transaction. Overall, the transaction reduced our long term embedded cost of debt by 48 basis points, mainly for the benefit of our regulated customers. It reduced our five year debt maturities by $876 million and it increased the average tenor of our debt from about 13 years to almost 16 years. Those are the highlights now, let me discuss the deal. We financed $1.35 billion with $750 million of 30 year debt at a 3.75% interest rate and $600 million of 10 year debt at a 2.95% interest rate. The funds will be used for three primary purposes, new debt to support growth of $440 million, refinancing of debt maturing in 2017, a $557 million, and $353 million for early refinancing of debt maturing in 2018 and 2021 including the make all. These transactions were designed to take advantage of lower interest rates for our customers. Turning to Slide 17, let me provide an update on our regulatory filings. We have $66 million in annualized new revenues affective since January 1 of this year from general rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms. We have also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on rate cases, infrastructure surcharges and proposed settlements for a total annualized revenue request of $321 million. This includes the Pennsylvania rate case proposed settlement of $62 million that Walter discussed. Turning to Slide 18, our cash flow from operations grew about 4.3% to $986 million for the first nine months of 2017. This increase was primarily driven by net income growth in our regulated and market based businesses. Turning to dividends, on October 31, our Board of Directors approved our quarterly cash dividend of 41.5 cents per share to shareholders of record on November 10 and payable on December 1 of this year. And as a reminder, for five years straight, we have grown our dividend at or above the top of our long term 7% a 10% EPS growth range. Turning to Slide 19, today we are narrowing our 2017 adjusted earnings guidance range to $3 to $3.06 per share. As you know, we traditionally do not make many non-GAAP adjustments and when we do, we want to be consistent and transparent. This year, we have had two items excluded from our adjusted earnings guidance range, the $0.07 per share benefit from the insurance settlement related to the Freedom Industries chemicals bill and the $0.02 per share charge from early debt extinguishment at the parent company. These are reported as non-GAAP adjustments consistent with our treatment in prior years. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thank you, Walter and Linda. Before taking your questions, I'd like to mention the extraordinary weather and fire advance that we've experienced in our country and our American Water service areas over the past few months. Given our geographic diversity, we are oftentimes located within natural disaster areas are close enough to offer help to other communities. With every event we face, safety comes first. We prepare, we leverage national resources and we look to help impacted communities. In August, Hurricane Harvey hit our operations in Fort Polk Louisiana, dumping about twenty inches of rain on the base. The storm also had a lesser effect on our Fort Hood, Texas operations. Our employees to work there and those who came to help, work tirelessly during and after the storm to maintain service to both military community. In September, Hurricane Irma made landfall in the Florida Keys as a Category 4 storm. By the time the storm moved up the coast to the desalination facility we operate in Tampa, our contract services group had acted as emergency plan and the facility made it through the storm with little to no damage and no flooding. The plant and our people were there to help the community during the recovery. And just last month as Walter shared, our team in California responded to the tragic fires in Sonoma and Napa counties, maintaining water service for firefighting during the event and restoring full potable water service for the vast majority of our residents there within a matter of a few days. Whether it's hurricanes, tornadoes, flooding ice storms or wildfires, our response to all of these events highlights our commitment to resiliency of water and sanitation services for our customers. We use a systematic approach to assess the vulnerability of all of our asses and we continually prioritize our critical infrastructure investments. Our engineering and operations team examined every facility we own and our regional water supply to develop a capital plan to determine how much and what kind of investment is needed to ensure ongoing safe and reliable service to our customers both during and after these disasters. We evaluate historic conditions combined with future predictions and we consider factors like a 100 year flood which nail seems to be occurring every 20 years and other impacts of climate variability. These engineering planning studies drive our capital needs assessment, business planning and our financial forecasting. During a significant weather event, a water utilities level of preparedness can literally mean the difference between a temporary inconvenience or a serious health or environmental consequence for our customers. We know that and we prepared for it. It's our job and we do it well. I'm extremely proud of our people and their commitment to doing what's right for our customers and our communities every day. Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the people who are recovering from these natural disasters. And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie Research. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. I have two questions. First one about M&A, so two things, one is could you discuss any reaction you're seeing on the municipal front to the New Jersey bill that was recently passed? And secondly, in Pennsylvania, the fair value legislation being somewhat questioned in the pending asset sale case and how you think about the independent assessment of assets as you go forward and contemplate acquisitions in Pennsylvania? Thank you.
Susan Story: Sure, Angie, thank you. This is Susan. I want to start on your last question and then turn it over to Walter and let him add anything to that and then address the issue of the Water Quality Accountability Act in New Jersey. So with the fair market value in Pennsylvania, we think it's important to have an appraisal process that's fairly valued the systems we're acquiring and also sets a fair and sustainable base rate for our customers. We don't want to hire appraisal value just to get a higher base rate and we don't - we want the right base rate for us and our customers for the long term. We don't think system should be undervalued or overvalued because we think either one hurts the process long term in the spirit of the law. Pennsylvania's fair market value legislation requires appraisals to meet a uniform standard that the professional appraisal sector has. And there's been some questions about so what is the Pennsylvania PUC, what's their role, what's it not. In our looking, we have gotten an approval for a McKeesport under that we think that the Pennsylvania PUC can review the appraisals and determine if they comply. If appraisals don't comply, adjustment should be made, complying with standards is a check and balance that we think clearly the Public Utility Commission has authority for. So in our recent PUC application for the McKeesport acquisition, we sat down with the parties, we sat down with PUC staff, we sat down considers advocates, we listened to their issues and we try to find a way forward that we could all live with. And we're very pleased that this was approved the settlement that we reached with the staff, with the consumers there to get were all approved by the public commission last week. So, Walter, do you want to add anything to that?
Walter Lynch: Yes, Susan. I like to emphasize just the point of how we work collaboratively with the commissions and all the parties to get to a settlement that's fair for everybody. And I think this Scranton Sewer acquisitions is an example of that. So first acquisition in the state, we're dealing with the issue of combined sewer and storm water. Currently Pennsylvania American Water doesn't have a combined tariff for waste water, we have a number of different tariffs because we've done so many acquisitions over the years. So working through the first issue that I said the combined sewer and storm water, and all of the working through not having a combined tariff on the sewer side, it takes a lot of cooperation and a lot of dialogue with a number of parties including the Office of Consumer advocate and commission staff to get to the right place. But I think we've done that. I'm confident we've done that. The team has done a great job and working with all the parties. I think it's another example of how we're working to make sure that we get a fair settlement for all. And Scranton Sewer again is a perfect example of that.
Susan Story: And on the New Jersey Water Quality Accountability Act, it's been interesting because the legislation was passed this year and it hasn't really gone through the regulatory whether it's the DEP agency, what does that look like in terms of regulations, what does that look like in terms of the reporting. And I think our best guess Walter is that we think maybe those defining regulations may be put out as early as the first quarter of next year the first half of next year?
Walter Lynch: Yeah that's right, Susan. There's a requirement that's cyber security program in place by the first quarter and then the asset management plan by January 2019, but the DEP is working with all the other agencies to really come up with a really good detailed implementation plan.
Susan Story: So I think until then Angie, it's a little bit early to say we seen an effect. I think people are waiting to see what does this actually mean? What are the rags that I'm going to have to be in compliance with? So we're watching that carefully.
Angie Storozynski: Okay. And my last question. I haven't heard anything about Keystone Clearwater, I might have missed it actually, but I would have expected it to be mentioned as an earnings driver on the market based side given the pickup in drilling. So could you tell us a little bit more about it?
Susan Story: Sure, sure. So I mentioned very briefly in my remarks, quarter-over-quarter, it's basically neutral, we are still projecting it to be a creative by the year-end because of the backlog of work that we have in the latter part of the year. We are seeing increased activity, we're actually seeing players that are picking up what they're doing, we're seeing more interest actually is interesting our keystone got out of the transportation meaning the moving water by truck. And so we're seeing an uptick in the amount of the drillers who are now wanting to actually put pipe, a lot of pipe above ground temporary piping. So we are seeing a pickup there. We believe that the latter half of the year that we're going to see a pickup and that will be accretive for the year.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you.
Susan Story: Thanks Angie.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Verde of Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Richard Verde: Hi, good morning, guys. And thank you very much for taking my call here.
Susan Story: Thank you, Rich, and congratulations.
Richard Verde: Thank you very much. I have a just a few quick questions here and congrats on the quarter too, I thought it was great. Congrats on this Wright-Patterson Air Force Base win. On a very high level, can you please give us a sense of the time frame for when price redeterminations from this contract, where could potentially positively impact the P&L?
Susan Story: Yeah what the price redeterminations typically take place 2 to 3 years, they happen every 2 or 3 years in the contract, so the fact that we just one week put in the bid for what we believe the upright work needs to be done to do some immediate projects but we also look at the O&M. So you probably won't see a price redetermination for Wright-Patterson for another 2 to 3 years because we just put in a bid that in that bid we look at the first 2 to 3 years and what we think it will take to do some of the capital upgrades on the project.
Richard Verde: Okay. Great. Okay, thank you for that.
Susan Story: And what the initial O&M, the O&M costs will be.
Richard Verde: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I have a question pertaining to the acquisition strategy. Looking back at 2013 to 2016 versus the years of 2008 to 2012, I mean the number of acquisitions jumped there the past three years. But I'm wondering where the strategy comes in and kind of shifts and goes to we're going to move away from the actual number of deals and just focus on number of customers moving forward how many customers we pick up per transaction. I'm wondered if you could kind of give us a sense of how we should balance thinking about in the model the number of transactions per year versus the number of customers we pick up, are we going to go more towards less transactions more customers or vice versa?
Walter Lynch: Rich, Walter, thanks for the question. We've said that's a 1% to 2% EPS growth, from customer acquisitions, is about 30,000 to 60,000 customers across our entire system. Our focus has been on growing our business through acquisitions adjacent to where we operate and also looking at our sweet spot as we define from 5,000 to 30,000 customers. We've also had a renewed focus on wastewater. And over the last three to four years we focused on buying wastewater systems in areas where we serve water customers. So we're going continue to do some of the smaller ones we're make sense in and around our footprint, our real focus is on the larger 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 to 30,000 customers to make sure that these acquisitions are sizable, they move the needle and they represent I think opportunities for us to improve the systems that we buy. Many of these systems need significant investment and the systems of 5,000 to 30,000 seems to me need more investment than some of the other, so that's really our focus.
Susan Story: Rich, one of the other things that we've been working on with this increase in acquisitions over the last few years is how do we integrate them effectively whether or not it's a smaller system or a larger system. And so we've really been working to enhance our profit so that it is seamless and regardless of the size of the customer addition.
Walter Lynch: And Rich to your point, Walter again. You can look at how we're executing on our strategy buying wastewater systems area where we're serving water system. And I think Scranton and McKeesport are two perfect examples of that and we're serving the water customers for decades and the opportunities came up by the wastewater systems because we can add value to the communities. And that was the case that we made and the communities agreed and we have purchased real soon McKeesport on that basis.
Richard Verde: Okay. Great. Thank you, guys. It's great color. And then a couple more questions here, thank you again for taking the call. For the non-regulated segment as a whole, looking at a few of the investor decks this year, American was citing at the non-regulated segment the market based businesses could potentially be 15% of earnings is by 2021. Is that somewhat back half of the next five years loaded or could we expect to model that in where it's a straight line layering growth over the next five years?
Susan Story: So Rich, at that point, that is the guidance we gave as you probably know when we've promoted during this call and will continue what was December 12 is now December 11, we will update our five year plan on December 11 on our guidance call and give further color to that answer that question.
Richard Verde: But the guidance, this is still your guidance so.
Susan Story: That is still our guidance at this point.
Richard Verde: Great. Okay. Perfect.
Linda Sullivan: And it is calculated as the compound annual growth rate.
Richard Verde: Thank you. And then I'm sorry, what was that Linda?
Linda Sullivan: It's calculated as the compound annual growth rate.
Richard Verde: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just the last one, I mean it's not a secret here, the American has been great at cutting at costs, I mean the target rate continuously goes down the stretch target, at what point though I mean at some point it's got to kind of stop right and so where does that come in, is that A, could that be 20 years away, 15 years away or could we maybe expect over the next couple years that one of the Investor Days, Susan you announced we're going to bring down those this O&M expense again over the next five years even lower?
Susan Story: That we believe we can continually improve our business, Rich. We believe that the water industry in general is a little behind the electric and gas from a technology standpoint. We have really ramped up our technology integration and we've got some very exciting projects going on. And at this point, we see a lot of opportunity to continue the efficiency gains that we've also seen in the last few years. Walter, you want to add anything?
Walter Lynch: Yeah, Rich, the improvements will never stop that we have a continuous improvement mindset. We're focused on every cost him his business. And through the use of technology and best practices, we're going to continue to drive cost down for customers. So that's why I spotlight some of the things, we're doing in the business every quarter just to show you this is a continuous improvement mindset.
Richard Verde: That's great. Thank you very much for the time, guys. I really appreciate it.
Susan Story: Thank you, Rich.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Susan Story: Hi, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: How are you doing?
Susan Story: Good. How are you?
Jonathan Reeder: Oh not too bad, it's going well, so happy there.
Susan Story: [Indiscernible]
Jonathan Reeder: I know, how about it, on schedule I guess. So it's amazing what a defensive coordinator change can do sometimes. What was the settled rate base and now in McKeesport approval, I recall you agreed to buy the system for $156 million?
Walter Lynch: Yeah, Jonathan, Walter. The rate base is $158 million.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So I mean pretty much what you asked for them?
Walter Lynch: That's right. And our purchase price $159 million.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great job there.
Walter Lynch: Thanks.
Jonathan Reeder: When Walter do you think you might get clarity and usury regarding the request future test year, do you have to wait until the final order or tentatively you get a thumbs up or down at some point earlier in the procedural schedule?
Walter Lynch: When that people will have indications through our negotiations, but again it won't be final until we get the final orders. So when that case is settled later the next year.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. But so I mean it might be in light settlement bays or so?
Walter Lynch: It could be but then we open the comment on it, that's the question. So I'll look when we receive you order.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Thanks.
Walter Lynch: I'm back to McKeesport, just I want to make one point on that. If you look at the direct and indirect customers that we're bringing in as part of that acquisition represents about $7,000 per customer. We think that's important because with the think that's a fair settlement for us and the customers through our Pennsylvania American Water.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then lastly, congrats Linda on the debt refinance deal. Just if there's any earnings benefit in the near term from the interest savings prior of the lower costs flowing through it?
Linda Sullivan: Yeah in 2017, in addition to the onetime charge that we had for the may call as the parent of $0.02 per share, I mentioned earlier, we had a negative impact of about a penny from the overlap of interest expense in the third quarter. Now we do expect that we will see some benefits in the fourth quarter that will slightly exceed that negative carry that we had in the third quarter but it's less than $0.01. And then going forward, when we put forward our 2018 guidance, it will be included in there.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. I mean there's perhaps some timing benefit before kind of flows I guess all through to rate payers through the rate case process I guess?
Linda Sullivan: Right. And remember the majority of this will be for the benefit of our customers and then as we go through our rate cases that will true up.
Susan Story: And keep in mind, we talk about the fact that for every dollar of O&M we saved, we can put $7 of capital in the ground. This is great because this means that with this decade's long need, we have for investment, this is more investment we can make that doesn't impact the customer bill, so that's the way we look at this.
Jonathan Reeder: Right, right. And then is there a portion that does flow through to the parent that's kind of an ongoing benefit from this deal?
Linda Sullivan: Yes. There will be. We've refinanced $428 million of debt that matured in October that was related to the parents and we will continue to see the benefits of that lower cost going forward.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great. Thank you for the details.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Jonathan.
Operator: The next question comes from Stuart Allan of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Stuart Allan: Hey, guys, great quarter.
Susan Story: Thanks Stuart.
Stuart Allan: A quick question on a Military Services, is there been any update on the DoD budgeting process, I know there's been some movement on the Federal budget, I'm wondering if there's any movement on that front?
Susan Story: Yes, there has been. The sequestration was formally discontinued and so the commanding officers at the bases are hoping to have larger budget effective October 1. They are getting more money. We think it will be more of a gradual increase in capital for infrastructure because what happened in the three, four years of the sequestration, their budgets were significantly reduced. And it wasn't just infrastructure projects like ours that got put on the back burner, they had several other training warfighter training different things that now are in the queue. So we are hearing there is a pickup, it will eventually become, there will be more infrastructure projects like the type we do on the bases, but the initial increase in funding will go toward more of their mission critical items that they have for the military men and women there. So yes the sequestration was discontinued, they are seeing higher not quite up to what it was before the sequestration. We do think it will benefit us but it will be gradual as they put those additional funds to use.
Stuart Allan: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you.
Susan Story: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions.
Susan Story: Thank you, operator. So I'd like to thank everybody for participating in our call today. We really value you very much as investor owners and as a financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their financial futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you and we always want you to have confidence in your decisions around our company and your investments in our stock. If you've not had your question answered or you think of something else please call Ed or Ralph, and they will be happy to help. And as we've mentioned earlier, we look forward to talking with all of you in our upcoming 2018 Guidance Call which will be on Monday, December 11, from 9:00 until 10:30. At that time, we will not just be talking about 2018, we'll talk about some of our strategies, our five year plan, so please be on the call and we think that you will find it very interesting.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Vallejo - Vice President, Investor Relations Susan Story - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Sullivan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Walter Lynch - Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Spencer Joyce - Hilliard & Lyons Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Angie Storozynski - Macquarie
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the American Water's Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and it is also being webcast within an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 10, 2017. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may listen by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10110707. The online webcast will be available at American Waters Investor Relations home page at ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Ben, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for today's call. We will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks we will open the call up to questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our June, 30, 2017, Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call, including adjusted return on equity and our adjusted O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also this slide deck has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And now, I'll turn the call over to American Water's, President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover our second quarter financial results and COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. I'll start with what I'm sure are your two main questions today, why our earnings were down $0.04 for the quarter and why we're affirming our 2017 earnings guidance of $2.98 to $3.08. A key fact is that our Regulated Businesses continues to execute and deliver solid results. Second quarter 2017 results were impacted by several items some of which we've noted in earlier call. The primary negatives for the quarter were two key 2017 items and two favorable items in the second quarter of 2016 which did not recur this year. $0.02 of our earnings were down quarter-over-quarter from lower capital upgrades in our Military Services Group. We've covered this on past calls and it's related to reduce military budgets combined with the completion of the large wastewater project at Fort Polk in the first half of 2016. Additionally, we had a onetime $0.02 tax adjustment from a state income tax change in New York that Linda mentioned on our last quarter call. She'll discuss this in more detail as well as another state income tax change in Illinois. The quarter was also impacted by last year's favorable weather of $0.02 per share compared to a more normal second quarter this year and a 2016 onetime $0.01 benefit from an AWE contract settlement. However, even including these items in our range, we continue to affirm our $2.98 to $3.08 EPS guidance for 2017. Our regulated core business continues solid growth, delivering a 3.7% increase in net income for the quarter. During the first half of 2017, we added approximately 15,000 customers through closed acquisitions and 7,000 from organic growth. Walter will speak a little bit more about the pending acquisition agreements we have in place as of July 31 that will add about 34,000 additional customers. We continue to invest in our Regulated Businesses. This year we will invest $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion total capital with the vast majority dedicated to water and wastewater system improvement and upgrade. We balance those investments by operating efficiently and effectively, which is reflected in our O&M efficiency ratio. On the market-based side, although we are experiencing lower capital upgrades in military services, we continue to perform our 50 year O&M contract quite effectively. We are completing the capital upgrades we do have and we're working with basis to identify potential infrastructure projects for the 2018 fiscal year. Additionally, we have eight RSPs outstanding with a possibility of one or two awards being made this year by the Department of Defense. We continue to expand Homeowner Services including a new partnership with Yonkers New York. At Keystone Clearwater we are seeing increases in rig count and well completions in the Appalachian region and have an increase backlog of work scheduled in the second half of the year. So while there are a number of items impacting this quarter's results, we remain confident in our ability to deliver earnings for 2017 in our guidance range of 298 to 308. Beyond 2017 and for the longer term our business fundamentals and outlook continue to be strong and compelling. Our growth triangles still hold as does our long term 7% to 10% EPS guidance. Now, let me turn the call over to Walter to give you his update on our Regulated Business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks and good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our Regulated Business is delivered year-over-year second quarter growth by continuing capital investments and driving operating efficiencies the benefit our customers. Let's walk through some highlights of this quarter. On July 21, after a strong show of support in the New Jersey Legislature, Governor Christie signed a Water Quality Accountability Act. In fact, in New Jersey State Assembly in a Bipartisan show of support passed the legislation 76 to 0 which was followed by the State Senate vote of 39 to 0. This legislation calls for such things like regular testing of valves and hydrants a 150 year pipe replacement rate, the implementation of the cyber security program, and action plans for notices of violation. We see this is a good thing because first and foremost it ensures that all citizens in New Jersey have safe secure and clean water, it's also a great model for future legislation across the nation. American Water stands ready to be a solution provider as other systems looks to make needed investments. This quarter two states received the orders to adjust rates. The New York Public Service Commission issued an order that will add $3.6 million in annualized revenue to recover about $150 million in water system improvements. These investments made over the past five years include replacing over 33 miles of water mains and bringing one new iron removal treatment plant online while making improvements with three other treatment plants. We also reduced operating expenses by $2.7 million in the same time period. In Virginia, the State Corporation Commission issued an order that adds $5.2 million in annualized revenue to recover $53 million in infrastructure improvements made since 2102. Here too, we reduced operating expenses by 2% since our last rate case. This is a great job by our New York and Virginia teams as every dollar we save, we can invest $7 in our systems with no customer go impact. During the quarter, we filed two rate requests, one in Pennsylvania, which we discussed last quarter and one in Missouri. On June 30, we filed a rate case in Missouri requesting an increase of $84 million in annual revenue. This request covers investment of $490 million in water and wastewater infrastructure. Included in this investment as a replacement of a large treatment plan at Parkville and the installation of AMI meters in St. Louis County, which will give customers more timely billing information, it also helps us monitor usage better which is important identifying leaks. Finally, in West Virginia, we file for an updated infrastructure surcharge to incorporate new projects to be started in 2018, over and above the 2017 projects now underway. The 2018 projects include $29.9 million that will invest in various system wide upgrades including replacement or upgrade of more than 39 miles of water mains and upsizing two water storage tanks. These investments will drive system reliability and equate to only a $1 increase per customer per month. Turning to Slide 10, we added about 15,000 new customers from closed acquisitions through June. As discussed last quarter, we closed on our Shorelands, New Jersey acquisition adding 11,000 customers. In California, we closed the Meadowbrook Water Company serving approximately 1,700 customers. We also entered into a contract to purchase the Fruitridge Vista Water Company which serves approximately 4,800 customers. Among the acquisitions pending approval the largest is McKeesport, Pennsylvania, which will add 22,000 customers. We expect that acquisition will close later this year or in early 2018. This in other pending acquisitions will add approximately 34,000 customers. The remaining 7,000 new customers added during the first half of the year came from organic growth. Moving the Slide 11, we continue to increase operating efficiencies across our company so that we can make smart investments without significantly impacting customer bills. Our adjusted O&M efficiency ratio improved to 34.5% for the last 12 months ending June 30, 2017. We continue to work towards our goal of 32.5% by 2021. Let me highlight two examples of the steps were taken to drive efficiencies. After modifying our process for a new service installation, a field worker now has the ability to tap the main run the service line and install the meter on one visit as opposed to multiple visits in the past. As a result the project team generated nearly a quarter of $1 million in savings in eight states over the past 12 months. We plan to roll this new process so nationally. In addition, we continue to drive efficiencies, reduced waste and improve safety across the entire company by routinely conducting Waste Walks. One Waste Walk in Tennessee resulted in the modification of existing meter lids, which improved meter reading accuracy and resulted in annual savings of about $150,000. We're looking to expand this modification across all of our systems. On Slide 12, one final highlight is in the time of Bel Air, Maryland where we've identified a much needed backup water supply. We recently broke ground for a 90 million gallon water impoundment reservoir and a new intake. The fall goes as planned the $15 million impoundment will provide service in 2019. This is a great example of many parties coming together to ensure a long term water supply solution. We think state and local officials, community members from Bel Air and Harford County for helping make this solution a reality. In fact, the Town Administrator Jesse Bane said that the solution save the town from what could have been its eventual demise if it didn't have a reliable source for water. With that, I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. Today I will cover our second quarter results. Two legislative tax changes impacting us this year and our earnings guidance range. Turning to Slide 14, second quarter 2017 earnings were $0.73 per share down $0.04 from the second quarter last year. Susan outlined the primary drivers of the lower quarter-over-quarter results. So let me walk through the results by business segments. I'll start with our Regulated segment, for the quarter our Regulated Businesses were up $0.02 per share. Revenue was up $0.12 per share, included in that 12% increase was about $0.09 from authorized rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms to support capital growth and $0.04 from acquisitions and organic growth, partially offsetting this with $0.01 of lower demand. Next as Susan mentioned, we had favorable weather in the second quarter of last year, which negatively impacted the quarterly comparison by $0.02 per share. O&M expense was higher $0.04 per share from increased production cost mainly in California increased waste disposal costs driven by acquisition growth and higher customer uncollectable expense. Finally, we had higher depreciation and interest expense of $0.04 per share driven by our investment growth. I would like to point out that although the growth rate for the regulated businesses was lower this quarter their results are on plan for the year. Turning to the Market-based Businesses, we were down $0.02 per share compared to the same period last year. As anticipated, we continue to experience lower capital upgrades in the Military Services Group, which includes the quarter-over-quarter impact from completion of the major project at Fort Polk in mid-2016. In addition, as Susan mentioned in the second quarter of 2016 we had a $0.01 benefit from an AWE contract settlement. Homeowner Services came in relatively flat for the quarter as revenue growth of $4 million was offset by higher claims expense and several true ups related to our system implementation last year. Keystone results were also relatively flat for the quarter although we are seeing increased activity and backlog expected to favorably impact the second half of the year. Lastly, the Parent was down $0.04 per share in the quarter, $0.02 was due to the onetime cumulative tax adjustment from the legislative change adopted in New York during the second quarter, which I'll cover in more detail in a moment. We also have higher interest expense and other of $0.02 to support growth. On Slide 15, let me discuss in more detail two legislative tax changes that occurred this year. As I discussed last quarter, we had a legislative change in New York that no longer allowed water utilities to qualify for the manufacturing exemption. This will increase our effective state tax rate in New York beginning in January of 2018, also effective July 1, of this year Illinois increased the state's corporate income tax rate from 7.75% to 9.5%. Both of these changes require us to re-measure our deferred tax balances at the new rate in the period of the tax law change, so in the second quarter for New York and the third quarter for Illinois. This onetime non-cash cumulative adjustment of the deferred tax balances will total $17 million. The portion of this adjustment calculated on a standalone basis for each regulated state subsidiary is expected to be recovered through future customer rates and that will be recorded as a regulatory asset of $10 million in total. The remaining portion will be allocated to the Parent through our state tax apportionment factors and will reduce 2017 earnings by $7 million or $0.04 per share in total. This earnings decrease is included in our annual earnings guidance range affirmed today. Turning to Slide 16, let me provide an update on our regulatory filings. We have $65.4 million in annualized new revenues affected since January 1 of this year. This includes $43 million authorized to general rate cases and $22.4 million from infrastructure mechanisms. We have also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on three rate cases and two infrastructure charges for a total annualized revenue request of $234.9 million. Turning to Slide 17, today we are affirming our 2017 earnings guidance range of $2.98 to $3.08 per share. I would like to call out a few items that are included in the earnings guidance range. First, weather variability of plus or minus $0.07 is included in that range. The third quarter is generally when we experienced the majority of our weather impact and through July, we have experienced warmer weather in several states approximately a penny benefit versus normal weather in July. However, as you know we're only one month into the third quarter. Second, as we mentioned at our December Investor Conference and previous earnings call, we expect the lower capital upgrades in the Military Services Group to continue through 2017 to the completion of the large project at Fort Polk in mid-2016 and reduce military budget. And then finally included in the guidance range are the portion of the onetime cumulative tax adjustments expected to reduce 2017 earnings by $0.04 per share as I discussed earlier. Again these items are included in our affirmed earnings guidance range of $2.98 to $3.08 per share. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Walter and Linda. Before taking your questions, I'd like to talk a few minutes about customer on lead service lines and American Waters efforts to address its growing national issues. With the problems of lead pipe highlighted in plant last year, we know that having confidence in the quality of their water is most critical to our customers. American Water has increased our communications and educational efforts to our customers about lead and we're taking through aggressive step up to help them with their own lead lines. Our scientists along with the EPA have determined that when we're replacing our water mains it's in the customer's best interest to replace their own lead service lines at the same time. So we're working with our states to develop plans to do just that, which includes a priority focus on low income customers. Pennsylvania American Water has filed a PUC request to replace customer on lead service lines when we're repairing or replacing company online. Customers there who believe they have a lead line may also contact the company and once verified we would replace them over a period of time. In New Jersey, we conducted a lead service line replacement pilot project in a financially distressed community and replaced the customer lead lines when we found them. We're working with our regulators at the BPU on recovery of these investments. We will continue to replace customer owned lead lines if they are encountered during our main renewal and replacement program. In Missouri, we have filed a plant and have already replaced around 60 customer lines in a pilot project. We expect to replace lead service lines of about 100 to 150 customer homes this year in Missouri. In fact, you can see a picture on the bottom left of an impressive hardworking crew with one light weight on the far right side in [indiscernible]. While in St Louis County last week I had the opportunity to watch our crews do a water main replacement and a didn't decide those homes with customer lead service lines for replacement. They said everyone was very positive and one customer even gave our guy a bear hug. In Indiana, enabling legislation passed for replacement of customer owned lead service lines. We're working with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission for approval for our plan under the new law including projects in financially distressed communities with higher lead line concentration. And finally, the Virginia Department of Health is funding a grant program for lead service line replacement and we're pleased the Virginia American with the proof for some of the funding. Our efforts are beyond anything that is required and are driven first and foremost about our commitment to the safety of our customers and our communities it is simply the right thing to do. So with that, operator we're happy to take the questions of any of our participants.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys just curious on two things. One on your Regulated Businesses, you've got some pretty big rate cases outstanding. Right, I mean Pennsylvania for example, I think Missouri the other both in the $8500 million range. Just curious what's embedded in the multi-year growth rate for outcomes in those and how much of those rate increases are tied to costs that you're not incurring today that you could pull back on if you get outcomes in those cases that turn to be out to be a good bit less than what you're seeking?
Susan Story: So Michael, as you know we've put together our five year financial plan. We look at what do we believe are going to be successful outcomes for us to continue to invest in our systems and make those rates affordable for our customers. So embedded in our 7% to 10% EPS growth range are those judgments that we use on an ongoing basis.
Michael Lapides: Got it. One other question. Can you talk a little bit about what you think there returns on invested capital are for your market based businesses these days? Are you earning utility like returns or something that are dramatically above or below that level?
Susan Story: Yeah, Michael, we look at that from the standpoint of risk adjusted returns and so when we look at each of the businesses in our Market-based Businesses, we can think a little bit differently based on the risk return profile of each of those businesses. So we've consistently said when we look at our military business it's kind of regulated like in risk profile, so you'd expect the returns to be somewhat commensurate with that. And then we look at Homeowner services and Keystone based on their risk adjusted returns. And also remember Michael, these are very much a margin business, I mean we invest very, very little capital, actual capital to the same point and it's not taking capital way from the Regulated Businesses because we do very little capital investment, and in fact when we talk about the capital projects or the fixed capital upgrades on our military bases that's working capital only because the way the Department of Defense operates is typically they like to own the asset that we basically get recovery plus a margin on that working capital. So another way to look at it is it's more of a margin business.
Michael Lapides: Got it. One follow-up on that just curious how is given results for the first half of the year. The earnings growth expectations for the market based businesses relative to what you laid out at the Analyst Day six or seven months ago?
Susan Story: Okay. Thank you, Michael for that question. This quarter is down we've talked about this year when we do our financial plan we look at a five year time period. We also talked today earlier about the fact that our growth triangle is intact. So we do planning on a five year cycle, if we ever sell a point at which we did not think that the market based business over the longer term would be able to deliver what we've outlined we would change it that is not the case right now.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you guys, much appreciate it.
Susan Story: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spencer Joyce with Hilliard & Lyons. Please go ahead.
Spencer Joyce: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking the call. One quick one from me perhaps, Linda, I know we have two kind of discrete tax items to discuss this morning both in New York and Illinois. And my question is, if you are seeing any other measures in another state you operate and that could lead to some more of this type of item or if it really is just kind of a random event that we have a couple of these two to discuss this morning?
Linda Sullivan: So we have seen these two from a legislative tax change position. We have also seen in Missouri several of our counties are looking at changing the way that they calculate some of the property taxes in those areas. So we are seeing that across three of our states this year. We continue to believe that the items on the Regulated Business will be recovered through our customer rates and so we're monitoring this very carefully so that we can to continue to drive down our customer rates as best we can.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. And thank you for the clarity there on particularly giving that in rates. That's all I had. Thanks.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Spencer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning, Susan, Linda and Walter how are you all.
Susan Story: Good Jonathan, how are you.
Jonathan Reeder: I'm doing pretty good all things considered. Just wondering, Walter what the remaining prospects for the McKeesport approval I know you said you thought it could close later this year or early 2018?
Walter Lynch: Jonathan there are hearings actually today and tomorrow on McKeesport and they have a six months requirements, so we're looking at sometime in December to be able to get an order and then we've got to work through just some issues with the DEP before we take ownership. So that's really the process, six months were a good deal through that and hopefully we're going to take ownership at the end of this year or beginning of 2018.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Have that like third party evaluation systems have those come in already?
Walter Lynch: Yes, they've come in and the commission is actually working through those as part of the evaluation.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. But from your end I mean no issues there?
Walter Lynch: Well, we just continue to work through the commission and any questions they have and it's just part of the process, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Just wondering, Susan any other state considering bill somewhat of the New Jersey Water Quality Accountability Act is that kind of model legislation that you're going to be pursuing another state or do you think it kind of opens up the door further for M&A opportunity?
Susan Story: I will start and then Walter can jump in. So we absolutely believe that it should be model legislation for all the states across the country. First and foremost because of the fact that the ability to ensure the safety and quality of water is something that every citizen should be able to expect, and it shouldn't matter who is running their water system as in terms of the quality of that water. So we think it is good model legislation, the fact as Walter mentioned that it was unanimously passed in the assembly the Senate is just really extraordinary in this they made. So we're very encouraged by that. We do believe it's model and Walter can talk about any efforts that we've got going across the rest of our state.
Walter Lynch: Yeah, just to emphasize it is model legislation, and I think Senator Sweeney and Governor Christie did a great job. Just promoting the benefits for the residents in New Jersey, we know that other states are looking at similar legislation primarily in the Midwest, and so we'll be working with them as we can in each of our states to make sure that we give our views of the benefits of about legislation and how again the purpose is to make the water safe in the communities that are in the States.
Jonathan Reeder: Right. And then last I know if you guys have any thoughts of California in the biggest subsidiary for you guys, but the cost of capital proceeding there, ORA came out their recommendation what's kind of your reaction to that do you think a settlement reasonable terms will be achievable from your end?
Susan Story: Yeah, Jonathan I think the ORA testimony was not unexpected, and as you know they put in there a lower ROA compared to our 10.8%, ROA request. They did come in also with a lower cost of equity just north of 54% where we requested 55%. So not unexpected on all of this, we will be filing rebuttal testimony later this month and then we would expect a final decision in the normal course by year end.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great. Thanks for the color.
Susan Story: Thanks, Jonathan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So I wanted to ask about your shale water business, I mean it's broke even last year and seems like we had some increase the drilling activity and the Appalachian region and yet - we haven't yet seen the have a pickup of earnings why - I mean no is there a basically a lag between when those activities pickup and when you record additional revenues?
Susan Story: Thanks, Angie. This is Susan. So you are absolutely right on all accounts, so what we are seeing in Appalachian is that we're seeing more active rigs, there's a timing issue there and one of the comments I made is that we schedule projects, we plan projects and schedule projects and we have a backlog scheduled for the second half of the year. What we found in Appalachian is that it did pick up, but it's not picked up as quickly. And the interesting thing that's happening in the Appalachian now, because things have been quite busy in the Permian that a lot of the E&Ps have actually had trouble keeping groups, keeping the crews on the rigs side, so now they're trying to get more people appears to it's been a little slower than they thought. So that's one of the things that we're hearing from our Keystone Clearwater. They are now trying to make sure that we're able to recruit enough people, I mean we have hired 75 people just this year and are trying to hire even more to staff our crew, so it's pretty competitive to get crews. Now with what's happening in the oil markets now, don't know if that's going to slow down in the Permian and release more for work in Appalachian we certainly hope so. But we do have active projects planned and interesting just from a statistic standpoint as of July 28, there were 192 active rigs in the U.S. and 75 in Appalachian Basin and just last year that was 86. So we do see an increase in a number of rigs, number completions and hopefully some of the labor shortage issues will be taken care of so we can see more of a buildup in Appalachian work more quickly.
Angie Storozynski: Great. Thank you.
Susan Story: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions in the queue. I would now like to turn it back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you so much. First of all, we want to thank everyone for participating in our call today. We value you as our investor owners and as the financial analysts who research our company for the benefit of your clients. We will always be open and transparent in all of our discussions and dealings with you, so you can have complete confidence in your decisions around our company and investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address any of your questions or if you have additional questions please call and Ed and Ralph and they'll be happy to help you. Thanks again for listening and we hope you have a great week.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Ed Vallejo - VP, IR Susan Story - President and CEO Linda Sullivan - CFO Walter Lynch - COO
Analysts: Ryan Connors - Boenning and Scattergood Angie Storozynski - Macquarie David Katter - Baird Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Michael Gaugler - Janney Montgomery Scott
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water’s First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and being broadcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company’s Investor Relations website.  Following the earnings conference call and audio archive of the call will be available through May 11, 2017. U.S. callers may access the audio archive toll-free by dialing 1-877-344-7529. International callers may be sent by dialing 1-412-317-0088. The access code for replay is 10104445. The online webcast will be available at American Water’s Investor Relations homepage at http.\\ir.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you, Anita. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for today’s call. We will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our March 31, 2017, Form 10-Q, each as filed with the SEC. Reconciliations for non-GAAP financial information discussed on the conference call, including adjusted return on equity and our O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. Also, this slide that has been posted to our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in those call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to American Water’s President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today, our CFO, Linda Sullivan, will cover the first quarter financial results and our COO, Walter Lynch, will give key updates on our operations. The employees of American Water again delivered solid results in the first quarter of 2017. Our strategies include providing excellent service to our customers, building constructive regulatory relationship, growing our business and becoming even more efficient in our operation to ensure affordability and value for our customers. The foundation for our earnings growth is the capital investment we make in our regulated operations. We invested $242 million this quarter, with $223 million for regulated infrastructure. We plan to invest about $1.5 billion this year with 1.3 billion dedicated to water and wastewater system improvement and upgrade. We minimized our customer bill impacts while making these investments through a continued focus on controlling O&M cost and through constructive regulatory mechanism. Our regulated business closed several acquisitions during the quarter and in April. The largest was Shorelands Water Company and we are pleased to welcome these 11,000 New Jersey families and businesses to the American Water family. We have added around 16,700 customers since the start of the year through closed acquisition and organic growth. Earnings were up slightly in our market-based businesses. We saw increases in our Homeowner Services Group as well as our Keystone Clearwater subsidiary. However, as we noted at both our December Investor Day and on February’s yearend earnings call, Military Services continues to experience a downturn in ongoing capital projects on basis. This is due to previous sequestration mandate and their effects on base budgets. The sequestration was lifted earlier this year and we could see the benefits of this in the DOD’s next fiscal year, which starts October 1st. Linda will discuss the financial implications of this in more detail in just a few minutes. Keystone is continuing to see a pickup in business with more well completions and drilling rigs operating in the Appalachian Basin. We expect to see fuller financial impacts in the second half of the year. As Slide 6 summarizes, our results were solid with first quarter 2017 earnings per diluted share up 13% compared to last year. As Linda will discuss in more detail in just a few minutes, this includes excellent year-over-year growth in our Regulated Businesses, year-over-year improvement in our Market-Based Businesses and a $0.02 positive impact from a parent related tax accounting treatment of equity compensation. She will also outline a second quarter onetime income tax headwind from our New York operations which will likely more than offset the anticipated equity compensation pick up this year. On April 21, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend payment from $0.375 to $0.415 per share, a 10.7% increase. This increase is the fifth consecutive year that dividend increases are at the very top or above our long term 7% to 10% EPS growth range. We are also affirming our 2017 guidance of $2.98 to $3.08 per share. Walter will now give you his update on our Regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our Regulated businesses has had a strong first quarter, making capital investments to ensure clean, safe and reliable water service while continuing to improve our operating efficiencies to benefit our customers. Let’s walk through some of the highlights of the quarter. In Pennsylvania, we filed a rate case in April 28, requesting an increase of $108 million and a return on equity of 10.8%. We’ve invested approximately $1.3 billion in Pennsylvania infrastructure and slightly decreased O&M expense since our last rate filing in 2013. This is a great example of increasing our system reliability and making it affordable for our customers. California American Water’s cost of capital filing was not extended, so on April 3, we filed an application requesting 10.8% return on equity, along with 55.4% equity and 44.6% debt. The outcome of this proceeding with affect rates starting in January 2018. In Virginia, on April 5th, the legislature and governor enacted new legislation that will benefit our customers. Senate Bill 1492 allows for statewide single tier pricing, one for water and one for wastewater for proceedings after July 1, 2017. Consolidated rates, which we have now in nine states allows us to spread the cost of infrastructure investments across a larger customer base and helps ease the financial burden in any one community. In Tennessee, the Public Utility Commission approved the infrastructure surcharge for 2017 projects. We’ll invest almost $16 million in projects that improve service and reliability and will only impact our average residential bill by about $0.77 per month. This type of constructed regulatory policy allows our subsidiaries to make needed improvements while reducing the possibility of large rate increases. The Iowa Utilities Board issued an order, adjusting rates for Iowa American Water. We invested approximately $38 million in water system improvements and reduced operating expense by almost 10% since our last rate filing in 2013. We also received approval for [indiscernible] which is the basic mechanism in Iowa. This helps us make improvement, while limiting customer bill impact. This is a great job for our Iowa team. Again, for every dollar we save, we can invest seven in our systems with no customer bill impact. Turning to Slide 10, as Susan mentioned, we added 16,700 new customers through April through completed acquisition and organic growth. The largest acquisition was Shorelands Water Company, adding 11,000 customers in Mammoth County, New Jersey. This is another case where we leverage our scale and size by acquiring a system adjacent to systems we already own and operate. We can now connect the new system with our existing union beach system. It will enhance our supply and increased liability for all of our customers in that county. We also have a number of pending acquisitions, which when closed, will add about 33,000 customers. Just last week, we announced the California American Water entered into an agreement to acquire the operating assets of the Fruitridge Vista Water Company for approximately $20 million and to become the new water provider to its approximately 4,800 customers. Moving on to Slide 11, doing right by our customers is key to our ability to grow. This means smart investments, balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. As Susan mentioned, we invested $223 million in our regulated operations this quarter. This is critical to reliable service but it’s also about affordable service. Our talented people continue to make progress in our O&M efficiency ratio, down to 34.6% for the last 12 months ended March 31, 2017. We keep making progress towards our long term goal of 32.5% because of our employees and their commitment to our customers. Let me give you two examples. Pennsylvania American Water’s comprehensive energy efficiency program has been delivering positive results for many years. Activities include competitive electricity sourcing, pump and motor upgrades, lighting upgrades, demand response programs and utility rebates for energy efficiency projects. At a high level, from 2010 to 2016, their fuel embarrassment as a percent of total revenues dropped from 3.1% to 2.1%. This improved efficiency amounts to about $24 million of cost avoidance over the last six years. In California, by partnering with the Sacramento Ministry of Utility District, California American Water was able to save 2.5 gigawatts hours of electricity each in the past three years. To put that into perspective, 2.5 gigawatts could power about 230 average household annually. By improving efficiency and enhancing equipment reliability, this unique partnership has helped us achieve an almost 11% reduction in yearly electricity usage with annual savings of about $150,000. I also want to recognize our customers in California for their response to the drought. They collectively reduced water use by more than 15 billion gallons in just under two years. To help customers save, California American Water launched award winning communication campaign that included heavy emphasis on personal outreach, social media and smartphone applications as well as traditional communications. It was a tremendous effort by our customers and our California team. So it was a good quarter with continued growth, smart investments and engaged employees, driving efficiencies and quality results, all to benefit our customers. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. Today, I will cover the first quarter results and key financial metrics that bring customer and shareholder value. Turning to Slide 13, we had a solid first quarter. Earnings were $0.52 per share, $0.06 above the first quarter last year. The regulated businesses were up $0.04 per share, the market based businesses were up $0.01 and the parent was also favorable $0.01. I’d like to point out that our first quarter results include a $0.02 per share tax benefit related to the new accounting standard for stock-based compensation. Excluding this benefit, first quarter EPS increased 8.7% over the same period last year, again representing solid quarterly result. Let me walk through our results by business segment. Our regulated operations were up $0.04 per share. Revenue was up $0.08 per share from authorized rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms to support growth and acquisition, partially offset by slightly lower demand.  Next, we had higher depreciation and general taxes of $0.04 per share, also driven by our investment growth. I’d also like to point out that O&M expense was flat in the regulated businesses compared to the prior year, as our employees across the company continue to focus on driving efficient operation that help make capital investments affordable for our customers. Turning to our market based businesses. They were up $0.01 compared to the same period last year. Homeowner Services was up $0.01 on revenue and contracts growth and Keystone was favorable from continued cost management. And as Susan mentioned, we are seeing improved market condition that are expected to impact results in the second half of the year. These increases were partially offset by lower capital upgrades in the Military Services Group of $0.01 per share, which includes the quarter-over-quarter impact from completion of the major project at Fort Polk in mid-2016. Lastly, the parent was up $0.01 in the quarter from the tax benefit of about $0.02 related to the new accounting standard for stock based compensation. This was partially offset by higher interest expense of $0.01 to support growth. Turning to Slide 14, let me provide an update on our regulatory filings. We have $46.9 million in annualized new revenues effective since January 1st of this year. This includes $34.2 million authorized through general rate cases and $12.7 million from infrastructure mechanisms. We have also filed requests and are awaiting final orders on four rate cases and one infrastructure surcharge for a total annualized revenue request of $169.5 million. This includes the Pennsylvania rate case Walter discussed that was filed on April 28. Slide 15 highlights our key financial metrics that continue to create customer and shareholder value. Revenue was 756 million for the first quarter, an increase of 13 million or 1.7% compared to the first quarter last year. Regulated revenue increased 25 million or 3.9%, partially offset by a decrease of 11 million at the market-based businesses, due mainly to the lower capital upgrades. It is important to note that our regulated revenue growth is [Technical Difficulty] than earnings growth due to the continued improvement in O&M efficiency across our Regulated Businesses. Total capital investments for the quarter were $242 million, primarily in our Regulated Businesses for replacement and renewal of transition and distribution infrastructure. We expect capital investments, including regulated acquisitions, to be about $1.5 billion in 2017. Our cash flow from operations grew 6.5% to $277 million in the first quarter of 2017. This was driven by net income growth and higher working capital. Working capital increased from lower capital upgrades in the Military Services Business and continuous improvements in our collection efforts in the Regulated Businesses. Our adjusted return on equity improved from 9.4% to 9.7%. Our weighted average authorized return on equity across our regulated footprint remains approximately 9.9%. And we continue to narrow the gap between our authorized and achieved returns through a continuous improvement culture that focuses on O&M efficiency, capital efficiency and constructive regulatory outcome. Turning to Slide 16, today we are affirming our 2017 earnings guidance range of $2.98 per share to $3.08 per share. I would like to call out a few items included in the earnings guidance range. First; as we mentioned at our December investor conference and February’s earnings call, we expect to lower capital upgrades in the Military Services Group to continue through 2017 due to the completion of the large project at Fort Polk in mid-2016 and reduced military budget. To give you additional transparency, included in our 2017 earnings guidance range is an expected net income reduction from 2016 of approximately 5 million to 6 million or about $0.03 per share from these lower capital upgrades. More than offsetting this reduction is continued growth expected in both our Homeowner Services Group and Keystone Clearwater Solutions. Second, on April 11, New York passed legislations that will no longer allow water utilities to use a zero percent tax rate for manufacturing activity. Previously, the electric and gas utilities were excluded from the 0% rate. This will result in an increase our effective state tax rate in New York of approximately 5% beginning January of 2018. Although this rate change will not occur until 2018, we are required to record a one-time cumulative adjustment to re-measure our deferred taxes in the second quarter of 2017 or the period of the tax law change. The portion of this cumulative adjustment calculated on a stand-alone basis for our New York regulated subsidiary is expected to be recovered through future customer rates and is not expected to impact earnings. However, the remaining portion, which is allocated through our state tax proportionate factors is expected to negatively affect second quarter 2017 earnings. Our preliminary estimate of this one-time noncash charge is about $0.03 to $0.04 per share. Now this negative tax impact will be partially offset by the $0.02 tax benefit already recorded in the first quarter related to the change in accounting for stock-based compensation. And then finally, we also included in our earnings guidance range plus or minus $0.07 for weather variability. Again, these items are included in our earnings guidance range and we are calling them out today of additional transparency. Transitioning to dividends on Page 17. We continue to be a leader in dividend growth compared to the Dow Jones Utility Average, the Philadelphia Utility Index and our water utility peers. On April 21, we announced a $0.415 common stock dividend, which represents a 10.7% increase over the previous dividend. This dividend is payable on June 1, 2017, to stockholders of record as of May 5, 2017. This increase represents the fifth year in a row that we have had dividend increases at or above the top end of our long term 7% to 10% EPS compound annual growth rate. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, many of you have asked about the Trump administration’s infrastructure plans and how they might impact us. So I’ll speak to that very briefly. As you know, tackling our nation’s infrastructure challenges for roads, bridges, airports and water infrastructure is a priority for the administration. And for a good reason. First and foremost are the safety and health of our citizens and there are also compelling economic and competitive justifications. We know reliable infrastructure is foundational for communities and businesses to thrive and investment also stimulates the economy through job creation. For example, every 1 million in water infrastructure investment yield 16 jobs. So American Water’s $1.3 billion invested in water and wastewater infrastructure this year will support 165,000 jobs. The details of an infrastructure package are still not clear, but the administration has been clear on the need for private sector involvement. For us, a focus on the need to invest in infrastructure is a good thing. For as long as you have been listening to our calls, we’ve been talking about the need for and our efforts to upgrade and maintain our systems to ensure clean, safe and reliable water services, all while running our business safely and efficiently so that our customer bills are affordable. So as we applaud these efforts by the administration and are actively involved in this policy development efforts to support our customers’ interest, it doesn’t really change our ongoing investment’s scope, plans or commitments. Regardless of what happens in Washington, we will continue to focus on serving our customers, assuring water quality and strengthening our infrastructure. And we will do this as we also partner and assist communities seeking help with your own water and wastewater service challenge. And with that, we’re happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Connors with Boenning and Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Ryan Connors: I’d like to just talk about Pennsylvania. The related issues of the Pennsylvania rate case and sort of acquisitions there. And obviously the rate cases as sort of hot off the press. But can you tell us about how the -- well first of all, whether or not that includes Scranton addition, which I assume it does. And if so, whether if there’s any unique elements to how that’s being treated in terms of that being a wastewater system and it being a pretty large implementation of Act 11 and just unique dynamics or things to watch for in terms of how Scranton will be now pulled into the rate orbit for Pennsylvania.
Walter Lynch: Brian, it’s Walter. The Scranton acquisition is included in this rate filing. And because of Act 11, it’s going to be integrated into the preceding and with the same way that the water systems would. So it’s going to take, again, eight to ten months to work for the preceding and we just -- we’re going to work with the commission to make sure that the Scranton customers are represented in the right way.
Ryan Connors: Okay. So you don’t anticipate any unique or any kind of unique sort of push back in terms of the scale of that system and that being causing an issue in terms of single pricing or anything like that? I mean, you’re going to be pretty straightforward and be treated similarly than any other rate case?
Walter Lynch: That’s what we expect, Ryan. And again, when you consider the size, $1.3 billion worth of investment over the last four years. I mean, this is a significant investment, but still as part of the much bigger capital program that we have in Pennsylvania.
Ryan Connors: Right. Good point. Now what about the broader Pennsylvania? I mean, it seems like the deal flow, at least that announced deal flow, has slowed little bit. I mean, you have Scranton, it was obviously a big one, the key support, but lately, there haven’t been really any additions. I mean, should we interpret that as meaning there is a little bit of a deceleration? Or are there whole lot sort of in the hopper that we’re not seeing yet and the cadence remains really strong.
Walter Lynch: Well, let me say that we continue to work with communities to address their issues and be a solution provider for them. And again, we know that we’ve got a compelling story and we can add tremendous value to our customers.
Ryan Connors: Okay. And then one last one, just more of a sort of housekeeping, short-term issue. But we are, Linda, you mentioned the variability on weather and I appreciate the transparency there in terms of the guidance. But any early read on 2Q? We’re almost halfway through and whether that will be a headwind or a tailwind for the second quarter results.
Susan Story: This is Susan. Before Linda answers, we’re able to project what the weather’s going to be, none of us may be sitting around this table. But Linda, what do you think?
Linda Sullivan: In the first quarter, Ryan, we did see a little bit of lower demand but it was really in line with declining usage that is normally expected.
Susan Story: And if you have any inside information, we would love to hear it.
Ryan Connors: We’re five weeks into 2Q, so I’m just trying to get an idea whether there’s any sense of whether it’s been in the first five weeks of 2Q, whether it’s been a headwind or a tailwind to sales.
Linda Sullivan: Yes, and we’re not really seeing any large indicators through the April timeframe. I will say that when we look at weather variability, historically, we have seen the largest variability occur in the late summer months or in the third quarter of the year.
Susan Story: And Ryan, one of the things that really helps us, if you remember over the past couple of years, especially because of our geographical diversity, even when we may see, unfortunately, as we have flooding at different times in the Midwest and drier weather in the Northeast, they have tended to offset each other. So one of the benefits in terms of not -- quality of earnings or being able see through the weather is the geographical diversity we have. So you bring up a good point with all the rains that Missouri has had, we’ve not seen that in the Northeast. So that kind of helps us kind of net out and we think that’s good.
Operator: The next question comes from Angie Storozynski with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: So continuing on the M&A fronts. So I’m wondering, you have made two relatively high profile hires in your business development department. Is this a signal that maybe you might consider corporate M&A in addition to municipal M&A? Or those are completely unrelated?
Susan Story: So the quick answer is it really -- there’s no changes to our strategy. And just as some background, I’m really glad you asked the question. So if you look at American Water, in the past four years, we’ve actually doubled our market capitalization. We’ve increased our regulated acquisitions, we’ve also increased our capital investment. And you also pair that with the fact that we have an aging workforce. And so we’ve, over the past two to three years, been looking at strengthening an already really strong team, and we have so many professional, who have worked here for a long time. But for example, last year, we brought in a new Chief of Innovation and Technology Officer, Radha Swaminathan, because he brought some unique capabilities from his time in electric utility industry and what they had done in technology.  We brought in a new Head of R&D and emerging technology because Dr. Mark LeChevallier is retiring as at the end of this year. We brought in a new Controller, Melissa Wikle and we also promoted several people inside to bigger and higher jobs. So really with Eric and Brian, it’s a continuation of that. And Eric is actually in business development and Mark Strauss group. And that group, as we talked about at Investor Day in December, that group supports the regulated acquisitions strategies that are state employ, but also we are always looking at the landscape of are there any states we want to enter. And we’ve talked about the conditions that we would have to have before we did that.  And we also look at are there other opportunities, but that’s not the basis of our growth triangle and that’s not the focus mainly of what we’re doing. And with Brian, actually, it’s a different role than that is that as we’ve gotten bigger and as we look at our corporate strategies and our financial strategy convergence, we’re bringing in talent that has decades of experience of looking at creative financial planning, how you integrate corporate strategy with financial planning, being able to look at financial modeling, how we evaluate, making sure we make really good smart financial decisions. And I’ll tell you, with the addition of Melissa and Brian and the continued outstanding work that Ed Vallejo bring, our VP and Treasurer Jen Gamble, our team here, really, we brought these hires in to really make us even stronger than we have been in the past. And it’s pretty exciting.
Angie Storozynski: Very good, thank you. And but again, can you -- we don’t obviously see the backlog of municipal deals that you’ve been working on, and I’ve heard the comments from Walter, but is there anything more you could let us know. I mean, you have a number of high-profile cases in your service territories or close to them with all kinds of issues, water related issues, lead poisoning or high levels of lead. We would have thought that those would have led to more imminent announcements regarding at least public-private partnerships with companies like yours. But we haven’t heard anything yet.
Susan Story: Right. And it is one of the reasons that in December, we shared kind of the long [indiscernible] into deck. Today, we shared the long process it takes in terms of acquiring a municipality that even if there is interest and they expressed an interest, when you’re a municipality, there’s a lot of efforts all this are in play. You have to get a lot of people on board. You have to get a lot of people aligned. It’s not quick. It would be much faster if the business was corporate acquisitions, which has its own set of issues. But in the municipality, we also understand that these are elected officials and they want to make sure not just that they’re getting a good price for their system, but that the people who buy their systems and other assets are able to serve the citizens well over the coming years. And this is a big interest. A lot of these mayors and council folks say, yes price is one thing and yes we need to have more capital, but on the other hand, I have to make sure that this is going to last for the next several years and that we don’t put our city in a situation where we have service use. So you’re exactly right, Angie. As we do more and more work with emerging contaminants, as we are looking not just at lead but other contaminants that are regulated, that we have growing concerns about and we’re looking at ways to deal with them, we are sharing with municipalities all over the country our efforts, our value proposition and some of them are interested, some of them aren’t, but it’s not a fast process. And I don’t think it’ll ever be a fast process because of the politics involved. And I know one thing that will help though and Walter can mention the Water Quality Accountability Act in New Jersey is one thing that it takes effect across the country because basically, private water companies like us are held to higher standards or where actually the regulations are enforced more strongly with us than they are with municipalities. And we believe that all people deserve clean water. You may want to talk about what’s going on in New Jersey, Walter.
Walter Lynch: Absolutely, Susan. If I could add to that as well. It does take a long time as we know. But our teams in the states are focused on executing and delivering value for the communities that they serve and will serve in the future. So the Water Quality Accountability Act right now was approved in the environmental communities in both the House and Senate in New Jersey. The next step is going from the budget committee, which should happen at the end of this month and then a floor vote in June. And then the governor’s got 45 days to sign it. So it is moving forward. We expect it to move forward and get approved. But we think this is going to be good, not just for New Jersey but as other states look to New Jersey as a leader in this area that they’ll look at something similar in those states. 
Susan Story: And if I could add to that, when we look at our long-term growth triangle, we continue to see 1% to 2% growth EPS compound annual growth rate from regulated acquisitions. And that translates into about 30,000 to 60,000 customer additions per year. And they ebb and flow, they can be lumpy as we go through, but we’ve added 13,000 customers year-to-date.
Operator: And next question comes from David Katter with Baird. Please go ahead. 
David Katter: I was hoping you could discuss and give a little more color on the Senate bill in Virginia and how it adjusts, how you might evaluate opportunities in the state.
Walter Lynch: We’re really proud of that. We did play a role in moving that forward in Virginia. So what we have is single tier pricing. 1 on the water and one of the wastewater side and we’re going to use that like we do in other states. So if we acquire a system, we can spread those costs across a bigger customer base. And so we’ll just continue to work with our municipal leaders in Virginia to promote the benefits of that. We’ve seen it in all the other states and I think they recognize that because they passed it, the House and the Senate and the governor passed it for a reason because it’s in the benefit customers within Virginia.
David Katter: And so would that make acquisitions in the state incrementally more attractive, do you think?
Walter Lynch: Yes, we believe so. And that’s why we’re big believers in the single tier pricing because again, it allows us to buy a system and most of the time, they need significant investment and we’re able to spread that investment across a larger customer base. 
David Katter: Got it, thank you. And then one more question on California. After 2 years of drought, how should we think about a potential rise in demand or usage rates? How the consumer trends adjust after conservation from a drought, do you think?
Walter Lynch: Well, we expect the behaviors to continue in California. I think the customers there have worked very, very hard over the last 6, 7 years to bring their usage down to levels that they can sustain. So that’s the way we look at it. The continued behavior around conservation is very important in California and our customers recognize that.
Susan Story: And also in California, we have revenue decoupling which aligns the conservation goals of the commission of our customers and our company.
Operator: The next question comes from the David Campbell [ph] of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Unidentified Analyst: Given the recent cost of capital application filed in California, we’re just curious, what is the revenue sensitivity for every 25 basis points change in return on equity?
Linda Sullivan: So we can give that to you off-line. I don’t have it right in front of me. But what I can say is that our cast across the capitol filing was not extended, so we did do a filing on April 3. We requested a 10.8% ROE and that is up from our current authorized level of 9.99%. We also requested an increase in the equity ratio from 53% to about 55%. So we can run through that calculation and get it to you.
Ed Vallejo: It’s Ed. We’ll give you a ring after I get back to my office and look at the numbers, okay.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you. And also, when do you expect the rate from the new Pennsylvania rate case go into effect?
Walter Lynch: Typically it takes 10 to 12 months to work through the process here in Pennsylvania.
Unidentified Analyst: And then finally, following up on Slide 19 as it relates the potential infrastructure spending bill. I guess we were wondering if increase in federal funds for water infrastructure spending could potentially, I guess, limit state incentives for fair market value legislation. So Washington, D.C. might not necessarily impact investments and American Water’s current assets but may provide headwinds when it comes to future acquisitions.
Susan Story: That’s a really good question. So from everything we’re seeing, when you look at the amount of money spent by the private industry a year, which is between 2.5 billion and 3 billion and you look at the money that’s out there for 84% of the water systems and 98% of the wastewater, they actually are spending less from public funds. So it would take such huge numbers of, I’ll call free money, to have a big impact. However, there’s always a issue one of the things that we’re doing to watch out for our customers is our customers pay taxes just like the customers of municipality.  So what we’re asking for is a level playing field. For example, the state revolving fund that gets funding nationally, federally, we can participate in states that allow us to on the waterside but not on the wastewater side. So we’re working on policy efforts to ensure that if there are pools of low-cost money that we have access to them equal to what the municipals have access to. And again, because all of our customers pay taxes also. So for us, there’s also in some conversations that we’ve been involved with in Washington, the trillion dollar infrastructure is not a trillion dollars in actual funding. It is finding ways that you have offset the need for that. So our ability to invest, job creation, those types of things could actually be used as a measure to count toward that and that’s one thing that we’re involved and making sure that we had recognized for that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Two quick questions. When you originally established the 2017 guidance, did it contemplate the $0.03 to $0.04 one-time charge for the New York State manufacturing deduction?
Linda Sullivan: Jonathan, this is Linda. It did not. And so as we began to look at our guidance and affirming our guidance, there were two really discrete tax items that we were looking at, that impacts from New York but also from the change in the new accounting standard for stock based compensation. And so those largely offset.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So you haven’t contemplated the stock tax benefit either?
Linda Sullivan: Yes, we do about it. This is something that’s really hard to predict because it’s based upon the level of stock option exercises, the stock price, et cetera. And so we did not include it in the guidance. So that’s why we wanted to make sure that we outlined these items for you for additional transparency, so that you could determine the overall quality of earnings.
Jonathan Reeder: Right. And I guess, that kind of goes to my next question, just given the onetime nature, why not just back it out? The $0.03 or $0.04 item, at least.
Linda Sullivan: Yes. And it’s really a one-time cumulative noncash item. Let me try to be very careful. You get some companies that outlined everything so special and back out in all this and we just we tried to be pretty transparent and clean, so unless it’s something -- that’s why we say we adjust kind of some interesting weather that we should be able to adjust for a weather that’s within a certain band and only if it’s extraordinary so that’s great point, Jonathan. But we just try to keep everything simple and clean as we can.
Susan Story: And I’ll add to that. That is our preliminary estimate. The new legislation came out on April 11. These are very detailed calculations and we’re working through that process now.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then just building on Ryan’s earlier question. I guess, for Walter probably, about the PA rate case. I know you indicated that you expect to be relatively straightforward, but I think it is the first time and I’ll use the forward-looking test here. Do you expect any issues with that trends that it shouldn’t during the process and potentially during the settlement negotiation?
Walter Lynch: No, we don’t expect any issues there. We’re just going to work through it like we do with our other investments in Pennsylvania.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And using the forward-looking texture that didn’t allow you to I guess, grab and key sports since that one hasn’t closed. Is that the way to kind to think about that?
Walter Lynch: Yes, that’s correct.
Jonathan Reeder: But if it closes during the next few months or whatever, you wouldn’t be able to adjust that case, would you?
Walter Lynch: No.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, great. Thanks for the time guys. 
Operator: Yes. Our next question comes from Michael Gaugler from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Michael Gaugler : I would appreciate it if you could provide an update on the headquarters move and what your expectations are for tax savings at this point.
Linda Sullivan: Absolutely, Michael. This is Linda. And we are really excited because we have broken ground on the construction. And so you can now probably see it from the Philadelphia skyline. You can see, still going up, if you will. So we expect the cost of the building to be up to a $165 million. For 2017, we would expect to spend about $75 million this year on the construction, as long as we stay on schedule, which is expected. We would -- we are looking at completing the construction towards the latter half of 2018 and then taking occupancy there.  Now in terms of that tax credit, the way that this works is that once we move into the building, we will become eligible to receive up to $165 million in tax credit over a 10-year period subject to meeting certain criteria. And our goal here is really to make this revenue neutral for our customers. And so that is what we’re working towards. And we are going to be utilizing grant accounting for recognition of these tax benefits, which allow us to recognize those tax benefits over the life of the assets. And that’s very consistent with our approach to make this revenue neutral for our customers.
Michael Gaugler: Okay. So what would you anticipate the life of the asset to be?
Linda Sullivan: Buildings are generally 39 years.
Michael Gaugler: 39 years. Okay, that’s all I had. Thank you.
Susan Story: And I’d like to thank you all for participating on our call today. Please note that we value you as our investor owners and as the financial analyst who research our company for the benefit of your clients and their futures. We always want to be open and transparent in all of our discussions in dealings with all of you so that you can have complete confidence in your decision around the company and your investments in our stock. If we have not been able to address your questions or you have additional questions, please call Ed and Ralph, and they will be happy to help. I’d like to remind everyone that our annual shareholders meeting would take place next week from tomorrow, next Friday, May 12. Thanks again for listening and look forward to talking with you soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-22 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Financial Planning and Investor Relations Susan Story - President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Sullivan - Chief Financial Officer Walter Lynch - President and Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: David Cader - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Ryan Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Spencer Joyce - Hilliard & Lyons
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's 2016 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ed Vallejo. Please go ahead.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you, Amy, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for today’s call. As Amy said we will keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. Now these statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates, and assumptions. However, since these estimates deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors as well as a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information is provided in the earnings release and in our 2016 Form 10-K each has filed with the SEC. Reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call including adjusted earnings per share, adjusted return on equity in the O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. The slide deck itself can be found on our Investor Relations page of our website. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And before I turn the call over to Susan, let me briefly talk about the American Water Investor Relations team. As you know Melissa Schwarzell was promoted recently to a new position in our rates team and almost at the same time Cathy DeMots our IR Executive Assistant decided to retire after 30 years with American Water. I'd like to take this opportunity to thank you, Melissa and Cathy for all their hard work, dedication and camaraderie during that time in the Investor Relations Group. Now as part of America Water's commitment to developing talent from within we promoted Ralph Jedlicka who has been part of the finance team since 2007 to be our new Director of Investor Relations. And then we would lucky to find Kelley Uyeda, a professional with 10 years of IR experience to be our new Executive Assistant. I'm personally very excited about our new team most of you folks have already interacted with Kelley and Ralph and we look forward to meeting you all when we go out on the road on investor visits. And with that said; now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. Today our CFO, Linda Sullivan will cover the fourth quarter and full-year financial results and our COO, Walter Lynch, we'll give key updates on our operations. We will highlight a number of 2016 Company records and achievements throughout our presentation. Just to name a few. We accomplished record levels in safety, capital investment, O&M efficiency and regulated acquisition. All of these achievements are possible because of our engaged employees are safe and efficient operations and our smart investments. And this enabled us to achieve top quartile customer satisfaction continued 7% to 10% long-term EPS growth and top dividend growth. Our employees delivered another strong year of results by successfully executing our strategy. In 2016, we invested about $1.5 billion, the highest in our Company's history, $1.3 billion of that was invested in our regulated systems to improve service reliability and water quality for our customers. We're able to increase our investments to this level because our hard working employees continually improve both O&M and capital efficiency. We're proud of our ability to deliver on our growth goals while effectively managing every dollar that we can deliver excellent customer service. While limiting the impact on our customers build. Most importantly, we know our customers need to trust that the water we provide them is clean and it safe. Once again we met or surpassed EPA requirements in 2016. In fact, our systems were 21 times better than the industry in drinking water quality and compliance as measured by the EPAs drinking water database. This is absolutely foundational to our business. Our customer base is growing by a record 82,000 customers through closed and pending regulated acquisition. This is in addition to the13000 customers added from organic growth in our existing service areas in 2016. Our Military Services Group completed two price redeterminations in the fourth quarter for a total of $3.75 million in annual fee adjustment. Keystone Clearwater ended 2016 as we projected. For 2017, natural gas prices have rebounded and both the drilling rig count and well completion activity have increased significantly. Keystone continues to increase market share, but offering total water management solutions at competitive pricing to Appalachian Basin E&P. At the same time, they expanded their overall services outside the oil and gas industry to the municipal water services market. As you can see on Slide 7, operating revenues were $802 million during our fourth quarter. We experienced continued growth in our regulated businesses from investments, acquisitions and organic growth. And while we faced headwinds throughout the year in our market-based military services group, we benefited from due price redeterminations in the fourth quarter and four in the full-year. Linda will discuss the quarter's drivers in more detail in just a few minutes. Operating revenues for the year increased 4.5% over 2015, and our 2016 annual earnings with all the effect of the Freedom Industries binding agreement in principle were $2 84 per share, up 7.6% over 2015 EPS. Turning now to Slide 8, today we affirm our 2017 guidance of $2.98 to $3.08 per share and continue our progress toward achieving 7% to 10% EPS growth through 2021. Additionally, we project we will grow our dividend in 2017 at the top of our long-term EPS growth range following the double-digit growth we have had for dividends over the past four years. In summary, it was another really good year and we thank all of our employees who made it happen. With that, Walter will now give his update.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our regulated businesses had a strong year all around with historic capital investment, strategic acquisitions and continued O&M efficiency gains that benefit our customers. Let's walk through some of the regulatory highlights of the fourth quarter of 2016. In December, we received an order adjusting rates for Illinois American Water. The case was driven by approximately $340 million and infrastructure investments across Illinois to ensure reliable service. The order will result in$35.2 million in additional annual base rate revenue. Additionally and included a volume balancing account, which is a type of revenue stabilization mechanism. We would also like to note that Illinois American Water was rated the top water utility and customer satisfaction in the Midwest by J.D. Power. In West Virginia, we received approval for a distribution system improvement charge, which will enable us to accelerate our infrastructure replacement reliability program, through DSIC, West Virginia American Water will make approximately $29 million in system-wide upgrades in 2017, which remain a 40% increase of pipeline replacement from 2016 and only impact our average customer by about $0.52 per month. We're also weighting the West Virginia Commission's decision of an agreement related to the PFCs review of the Freedom Industries chemical spill. The settlement recognize the important changes made over the past three years to improve customer confidence in the water system and additional efforts plan in areas like source water monitoring, protection planning and public communications. We believe this resolution is in the best interest of our customers, our employees and our company. As always, we'll continue to bring our customers the best service possible and we believe that we're positioned to be an industry leader in source water protection and planning. In addition, California American Water is requested an extension of its current cost of capital and is awaiting a response from the California Public Utility Commission. This would affect rate starting in January 2018 and of course, we'll keep you updated. I also want to mention that last week, we announced multiple promotions and state leadership positions. From time-to-time, we talk about our commitment to developing talent with in, leveraging our internal expertise and having robust and sustainable succession plan. Last week was a perfect example of that. Long time leaders with proven record of accomplishment were promoted the take on new challenges American Water, having a strong bench as critical part of any company's success. We believe that our efforts in this regard to position American Water very well for the future from a talent perspective. I congratulate all our newly promoted leaders. On Slide 11, our employees drive legislative and regulatory relations and through their efforts, we made additional progress in 2016. Fair market legislation continues to expand most recently in Indiana and Pennsylvania. And in the past five years, legislation has been enacted in five of the states we serve that directly help communities address distressed water and wastewater systems. Our employees will continue to work with state and federal officials to help the nation and our states tackle serious water infrastructure challenges beyond our own Company. Turning to Slide 12, 2016 was also a great year for growth. We added 13,000 customers to organic growth in our existing service areas and through pending and close acquisitions will add approximately 82,000 customers in our regulated businesses. This includes our newest wastewater customers in Scranton and Dunmore. We completed the acquisition of Scranton last December and we were so pleased to welcome the 31,000 new customers as well as the new employees who joined our Pennsylvania American Water team. Moving on to Slide 13, doing right by our customers is key to our ability to grow. This means smart investments balanced by efficient operations and capital deployment. As Susan mentioned, we invested more capital this year than in any other with $1.3 billion going into our regulated operations. This is critical to reliable service, but it's also about affordable service. We spoke about this at our Investor Conference. You can see the progress we made in our O&M efficiency ratio going from 44.2% in 2010 to 34.9% for the last 12 months ending December 2016. We established a new target of 32.5% by 2021. And our success here is 100% due to our employees, and a culture of continuous improvement and a commitment to our customers. For example, in our Pennsylvania operations, we found and repaired more than 5 million gallons per day of unknown non-surface leaks using sell loggers. This technology provides remote alarming and automatic data uploads from any location where self service is available. We estimate that will save $75,000 per month in just one operating area. We will now look to expand this across our footprint saving money and valuable water for our customers. Finally, on Slide 14. I just want to highlight some of the examples of how our operations really demonstrate our vision clean water for life every day. In both New Jersey and Tennessee, we help the area struggling with water source challenges. A local leader in the surrounding county, Bledsoe as Tennessee American Water, if we can help a small community and private wells during the exceptional drought of 2016. We are able to quickly mobilize water tanker and delivered to local volunteer fire department. As soon as we arrived, residents were lining up to fill containers for use in their homes. In New Jersey, we transferred 4 million gallons a day through the northern part of the state under a drought watch. We are able to provide assistance here because of our expansive distribution network, and the interconnects throughout the state. We are also completing an internal project that will increase our capacity to transfer volumes greater than 10 million gallons a day in cooperation with the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection. In California, our project to remove the San Clemente Dam and reroute the Carmel River was named Green Project of the Year by The American Infrastructure Magazine. This project was a win for the local people and the environment. The removal of the dam and restoration of the river has many benefits, including the recovery of threaten wildlife, the preservation of more than 900 acres of coastal watershed lands and the permanent removal of the public safety risk posed by the San Clemente Dam. And of course, we are proud of the excellent water quality results as Susan mentioned. These results give our customers' confidence in the water they drink and use everyday. So it was a great year of growth, smart investments and engaged employees, driving efficiencies and quality results also benefit our customers. With that, I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter and good morning everyone. We reported earnings of $0.57 per share in the fourth quarter of 2016, up $0.02 over the same quarter last year. As shown on Slide 16, our Regulated segment and market-based businesses were each up $0.001 and parent was flat to the prior year. For the full-year, we reported earnings of $2.62 per share, excluding the $0.22 charge from the binding agreement, our adjusted earnings per share were $2.84, up $0.20 or 7.6% compared to the prior year. These adjusted results were driven by our regulated segment which was $0.23 or 8.7%. Our market-based businesses were down $0.01 and parent was down $0.02 as expected. Turning to Slide 17. Let me discuss the quarterly results by business segment compared to fourth quarter last year. Our regulated operations were up $0.001 overall, revenue was up $0.12 from authorized rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms to support investment growth, acquisitions and organic growth. O&M expense was higher by $0.05, $0.03 of which was due to timing. As we mentioned in our third quarter earnings call, we expected about $10 million of certain maintenance, repairs, and tank painting expenses to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2016. We also had higher depreciation and general taxes of $0.03 each driven primarily by our investment growth. For our market-based businesses we were up $0.001 mainly from the 2016 addition of Vandenberg Air Force Base in our Military Services Group and price redeterminations at several military basis. We recorded price redeterminations related to prior periods in the quarter they are completed. Turning to Slide 18. Let me walk through our 2016 adjusted earnings per share, compared to the prior year. The regulated businesses adjusted earnings were up $0.23 or 8.7% with four major drivers: First, revenue was higher by $0.43 per share of this $0.43, $0.32 was from infrastructure surcharges an authorized rate increases to support investment growth, $0.08 was from acquisitions and organic growth and $0.03 was from balancing account and other. Second, adjusted O&M expense increased $0.06 from several factors. We have higher production and employee related costs to support growth in our business. We also had a $0.05 negative impact from several non-recurring items including a judgment on a contract dispute, a technology write-off, and the 2015 benefit from finalization of the California General Rate Case. These increases were partially offset by lower casualty insurance claims and lower uncollectible expense. Third, depreciation expense increased $0.09 from investment growth. And finally, general taxes, interest and other increased $0.05 again attributable to our investment in infrastructure to provide reliable service to our customers. I would also like to point out that although there was no year-over-year weather impact in our regulated business. We did have a favorable weather impact $0.05 in 2016. Mainly from the dry weather conditions in New Jersey that well to discuss. Next, the market based businesses were down $0.001 year-over-year. We previously shared with you some headwinds; we were facing from lower capital upgrades in our Military Services Group, and Keystones efforts to manage their business to be earnings neutral despite a very challenging natural gas market. With that said, the Military Services Group ended the year flat compared to last year. Although revenue was down $21 million due to lower capital upgrades compared to 2015. The impact was offset by the addition of Vandenberg Air Force Base price redeterminations in the fourth quarter. In our Homeowner Services Group revenue was up $11 million compared to last year, but it was more than offset by higher claims, increased marketing expenses and costs associated with investment in a new Homeowner Services Group customer information system. And lastly, Keystones results for the year were essentially earnings neutral as we anticipated. Parent and other costs were higher by $0.02 primarily from higher interest expense on long-term debt, higher short-term debt balances and increased interest rates on short-term debt compared to the prior year. Also in 2016, we contributed $2.3 million to the American Water foundation a 501c3 organization which exists to help the communities we serve offer a better quality of life to their citizens. Turning to Slide 19. We have a total of $125.4 million in annualized new revenues effective since January 1, 2016. This includes $92.2 million of new authorized revenue in 2016 which about two-third was from infrastructure mechanisms with the remaining one-third from rate cases. And we have another $33.2 million in new annualized revenues that have been authorized since the beginning of 2017. We have also filed and are awaiting final orders on four rate cases, a California-step increase and two infrastructure surcharge request for a total outstanding revenue request of $71.7 million. Slide 20, highlights our key financial performance metrics that continue to create customer and shareholder value. You heard Susan and Walter talked about our record level of capital investment this year of $1.5 billion. This includes $1.3 billion of regulated system improvements to better serve our customers. These investments increased our estimated rate base at year-end 2016 to $10.7 billion a 7% increase from the prior year. The remaining $200 million was for acquisitions, with Scranton being the largest acquisition with an adjusted net purchase price of $151 million. Our cash flow from operations grew 8.2% to $1.3 billion in 2016. This was driven by our strong adjusted net income growth and higher working capital. Working capital increased from lower capital upgrades in our military services business, continuous improvements in collection efforts in our regulated businesses and the timing of expenses. Our adjusted return on equity improved from 9.4% to 9.6%. With the conclusion of our Illinois rate case, including the 45 basis point improvement in the authorized ROE in that state. Our weighted average authorized return on equity across our regulated footprint remains approximately 9.9% and we continue to narrow the gap between our authorized and achieved return through a continuous improvement culture that focuses on O&M efficiency, capital efficiency and constructive regulatory outcome. Returning to Slide 21, and looking forward to 2017, we are affirming our 2017 earnings guidance to $2.98 to $3.08 per share. The major variables included in our guidance range are consistent with what we've showing you before was plus or minus $0.07 of weather or what we consider normal weather variability being the most significant. Events or variations outside of these ranges could cause our results to differ. We also continue to be a leader in dividend growth, compared to the Dow Jones utility average, the UTY and our water utility peers. In fact, over the last four years, we have had dividend increases at the top end of our long-term 7% to 10% EPS compound annual growth rate. Subject to Board of Directors approval, we project our 2017 dividend growth to be at the top of that 7% to 10% long-term EPS growth range. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, I want to highlight very briefly our Company value of environmental leadership and what it means to our customers. As the Company that relies on environmental protection for the services we provide, American Water is naturally focused on sustainability, not just because it's the right thing to do, which is certainly is, but also because it's our business imperatives. It is more than just compliance with laws and regulations. Although we are proud that our systems are 21 times better than the industry. It extends to partnerships with environmental groups in our local watershed, the faster protection and education on water issue. It also means that we are front and center, national policy issues around sustainable water supply, water quality and replacing aging infrastructure. There are approximately 53,000 water treatment plants in the United States with about 400 of those participating in the EPA and AWWA partnership for safe water program. In 2016, only 33 plants receive the President's Award, the programs highest honor. Pennsylvania American Water was awarded nine of these 33 out of a total of 53,000 water treatment plants. Also in 2016, American Water was recognized by the Environmental business journal for our water quality and sustainability and named by news week, as one of America's top green company. Our efforts have also translated into eight patents, most dealing with water treatment technology as well as $43 million of research grant awarded over the years and of course that is because of the people we have at American Water. Our R&D group of 15 employees includes eight Ph.D. and four people with other advanced degrees. They work hard everyday with researchers across the globe to find better ways to sustain, treat, deliver, and recycle our precious water resources and our 6,800 employees, including operations, engineering, water quality, and environmental lab professionals are always finding better ways to serve our customers and protect our environment. While awards are good, the best recognition is highly satisfied customers in their peace of mind. With that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from David Cader at Baird.
David Cader: Hi, guys. Thank you for taking the question.
Susan Story: Hi, David.
David Cader: I was hoping that you could comment a little bit on Keystone’s ability to continue to take market share even if especially in light of rising natural gas prices?
Susan Story: Right. So our Keystone operations are in the Appalachian Basin and we're the only water services provider that does the cycle of water management except, of course, we do not at the end the cycle take the waste at the site and put them into the deep wells that have been controversial. So because of that we're finding that more and more of the E&P’s want to deploy their capital for their own. For example, development of pipelines and for their own services. So we can step in and basically handle providing the water and recycling the water on the site and they don't have to worry about it. So we've gone from 20% when we purchased them in July 2015 to 35% now, we still believe that there are opportunities for growth in the area. And in fact what we're finding now is that there's so much work in the area that we're seeing some of the pre-kind of 2016 downturn, we're seeing some of the pricing come back for the services and the need for the large E&P’s especially to feel comfortable that they have a partner who has a very strong commitment to environmental sustainability. So we do think that there is further room to grow in Appalachian Basin.
David Cader: Excellent. Thank you. And you guys touched a little bit on this in your prepared remarks, but I was hoping you could maybe talk a little bit about some of the levers you have to continue to improve O&M efficiency?
Walter Lynch: Hi, this is Walter. Yes, we're continually working on reducing our expenses, as you know when we talk about, I think a big enabler is the technology and that's why I highlighted the technology we're using in Pennsylvania. One of the big advantages we have as a Company is we're able to deploy technology in one area, take the learnings of that technology and then applied across American Water to realize significant value. So I would say the technology, I highlighted the technologies, I highlighted in the past around non-revenue water and finding leaks in West Virginia doing things like using technology to streamline our routes, so that our people in the field are more efficient. Those are the things we're going to be doing across American Water to drive efficiencies. And a lot of the low hanging fruit we've already gotten, but the technology is going to be a key enabler.
Susan Story: One of the things we're excited about. For example, there's a lot in the press about drones and delivering packages. We are actually in New Jersey, American utilizing drones and infrared to actually go over pipes in the ground from the air and we are finding that we're able to spot leaks and find leaks before they ever occur in main breaks and you don't have to dig up the ground or anything, it's pretty cool some of the things we're doing. And there was an FSR that I was out within Northern New Jersey a you months ago, David, and he had the smartphone and when I’d say we went into a house I would say the royal. He went in and change the meter and I was with him in the house and we walked outside and this gentleman has been with the Company 38 years and he looked, watch this, he said I can read this meter immediately on my smartphone. So there's a lot of really need things going on in terms of deploying technology in very practical way, not just the high-tech level ways, but things that make it easier for our frontline employees to serve our customers better and we're just at the beginning of that we believe.
David Cader: Excellent. Thank you, guys. That was helpful.
Operator: The next question is from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So since your Analyst Day that's been a lot of updates that could have had impact on your M&A prospects. Right we had a little bit more clarity around the Trump’s infrastructure plan and what type of water infrastructure you would actually focus on we have a New Jersey build that seems to be pushing for similar CapEx requirements on municipal water utilities versus investor-owned utilities. Could you talk about those trends and also we seem to be having a little bit more movement on the corporate water M&A. If you could just give me a sense of how you think about M&A since the Analyst Day?
Susan Story: Sure, Andy. Thank you for the question. I will start and then Walter can talk specifically about the New Jersey situation. So interestingly, I've been involved with the Bipartisan Policy Center working on looking at the whole infrastructure issues around the administration in their efforts. And it's interesting, there are a lot of parties are interested we have a coalition, with the U.S. Chamber and NAM and several groups that are looking at this I think the question is remains as were is the money coming from. So for us on the infrastructure we are very excited that there is a focus on infrastructure. We like that there is a lot of interest from both sides of the aisle and public-private partnerships. So we just have to see how that plays out, but the good news for us is, regardless of what plays out nationally we have such a strong capital investment program and being an investor-owned water utility. We can see about that for us we're just continuing to do our business which is robust and as we said, we continue to invest more and more capital. So there could be something, the other we're monitoring it closely and hopefully we will see something come from that. The last question you ask and then Walter can talk about what's going on in New Jersey with the issue of municipalities. We are constantly as we said in Investor Day we survey the landscape of all municipalities and companies that are out there that meet our guidelines and our discipline in terms of acquisition, but we are very disciplined. So when we look we don't see the need to grow for the sake of growing unless it is a good - it's a good investment for us for the long-term. Our financial models we're always looking at so what will this mean in five years, 10 years, 15 years and ensuring that we have a discipline around those acquisitions. But that doesn't mean we're not looking or that we don't have substantial data and information on these opportunities it just means that we will not get out there and do something for the sake of just saying that we have an acquisition. And I do think, it's interesting we've been waiting as you know following the Water industry as long as you have. Everybody keeps talking about there will be [indiscernible] the floodgate is open our municipalities to be privatized, but it's a one-by-one battle, it's as municipalities have to look at their own particular circumstances. And they bet at all the options that they have available to them. So our entire strategy is we're in these communities, we're on the ground, we're there to be a solutions provider. We think in many cases we can provide services at a lower cost and we believe that we can improve water quality improves service and give predictability of cost in many locations better than what exists there and it's incumbent upon us to make sure that we tell our story. And the New Jersey situation a very interesting Walter if you were talk about that.
Walter Lynch: Yes, thanks Susan. Yes, what we're referring to here is, Water Quality Accountability Act and it was introduced by center Sweeney recently and New Jersey working its way through the Senate. It's going to work its way through the Assembly obviously and then get signed by the governor. But what it does is really requires the same things for municipalities and investor around utilities. Let me give a couple of examples of what they're looking at. The testing of valves and hydrants per New Jersey Board of Public Utilities requirements would be not just required of investor-owned, but we required of all the municipalities with the New Jersey, cyber security program requirements, action plans for any notice of violation, developing a comprehensive capital long-term capital plan and a replacement rate for pipe targeted about 150 years. These are all the things that were required to do in the investor-owned side in this really going to have the same requirements for municipalities throughout New Jersey. And the whole purpose is to make sure that the water quality is protected in New Jersey and that's really the focus of centers Sweeney’s…
Angie Storozynski: But you think on back of it municipalities will basically face incremental CapEx and that could actually push them to potentially privatize their systems?
Walter Lynch: Well, I think it will cause them to take a look. Do we want to do this as a municipality or do we call on American Water who has been doing it for decades and decades in New Jersey with great success and leverage our expertise. I think that's something that they are going to have to take a look at and we would be glad to talk to them about it because we are a solutions provider.
Susan Story: I thank the thing this points out Angie is not just EPA, what we have found in the past it's whereas we would immediately need to and would address issues that came up in terms of any non-compliance in wastewater for example, that there are many municipalities and cities that have had non-compliance items for decades. And there was just a different standard holding them accountable then us and I think one of the things we learned from plant Michigan is, safe water is for everybody and regardless of who provides that water, whether it's private or public. There should be the same standards towards safe clean water and that we have great wastewater services and sanitation service. So I think that as some of these things that happened, people have realized, it doesn't matter who the provider is. There needs to be standards that everybody follows. And for us, it's the ability to have a level playing field.
Angie Storozynski: Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ryan Connors at Boenning & Scattergood.
Ryan Connors: Great. Thanks and good morning.
Susan Story: Hi, Ryan.
Ryan Connors: I had a question with regard to the Scranton and McKeesport transactions. I’m just trying to get a better handle on kind of how this impacts the guidance for 2017, as you do these larger transactions? Can you just walk us through kind of a Layman's back-of-the-envelope on how that impacts returns this year? In other words if presumably until you get in for your next base rate case in Pennsylvania. There's some kind of a drag there on the returns coming from those systems in particular and that would be may be trued up once you do get rates and be a tailwind beyond 2017. Is that a fair way to think about that or can you just give us – walk us through the dynamics on that?
Susan Story: Absolutely Ryan, so in the investor material and in our slides, we outlined kind of the overall acquisition process, and if you look at Page 12 of our slides, really starts with the agreement process. So when we look at the Scranton acquisition, we have now closed Scranton as of December 2016. That means that we take on the customers we begin to integrate them into our system and generally from a financial standpoint during the timeframe between when we close and when we get through the final rate case decision. We finance those acquisitions with shorter-term debt and we would expect these acquisitions to meet certain financial metrics, including being accretive to earnings, and so that is kind of the process that we go through until we file our next rate case decision - rate case, in the rate case process, then we will coming out of that process have our authorized amount that is included in rate base upon, which we would have the opportunity to earn full return.
Ryan Connors: Okay. So if I can paraphrase that, it’s accretive right away, but then it becomes more accretive once you actually get base rates in place. So that a fair statement or not?
Susan Story: It’s different for every acquisition, but yes, once you get that full amount in the rate base, that's what you would generally expect.
Ryan Connors: Okay, good. And then my other question was just big picture, I know we had the NARUC winter meetings recently and I wasn't able to get there, but I'm sure you had a number of people there. I think I saw the agenda. You had some folks on panels and things. Any takeaways there in terms of big picture emerging themes what's around the corner from a regulatory standpoint?
Susan Story: This is Susan, Ryan. I think everybody is just kind of wondering what's going to come out of Washington. They're looking at the issue of infrastructure what that mean. They're looking at any potential changes in the EPA for the electric side, the clean power plant, and what does this mean and the waters of the U.S. and I think everybody's also carefully watching for the tax issue. So I think there are state issues that continue to be state to state, but I think it may just like everywhere else, we're kind of watching to see what is going to happen on the new landscape and we're all kind of speculating and we can draw general models. But at the end of the day, we're waiting to see even proposals. If we have proposals, we can model and see what the impacts are. At this point, we're just kind of guessing and I think everybody's pretty much in that situation. We continue though to look at investment opportunities regardless MYR Group does with the President of MYR Group, Rob Patterson, of course, Pennsylvania has always been very innovative in the way that they look at infrastructure and ensuring that their citizens are taken care of, that are our customers. So I think it was kind of the same thing, but an uncertainty of – so what will the new rules be and how long will it take for us to know with those new rules are.
Ryan Connors: Got it. Thanks for your time this morning.
Operator: The next question comes from Spencer Joyce at Hilliard & Lyons.
Spencer Joyce: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my call.
Susan Story: Hi, Spencer.
Spencer Joyce: A couple questions here, jumping back to Keystone. Have you all disclosed or would you disclosing a capital budget for – or specifically for Keystone for this year?
Susan Story: No, we don't do that because it’s so small, basically they were extremely capital-light. We are open to looking at design build on a five-year basis and we would actually look at that five-year for any capital investment from a depreciation standpoint, at least for our models. But right now, it's just not significant in that and we're just not really disclosing it because it's so small.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. And with the rebound in net gas prices, is it possible that 2017 could be kind of a “normalized year for Keystone” or is it too early to say that?
Susan Story: Well I think it depends on your definition of normal, what normal is I think going back to the low turn we've had from the middle of 2015 say through the end of last year, we know things are picking up. I mean, you can just look at natural gas prices even though they've come down a bit, because of the really warm weather we've had this winter, we know that, of course, going into the summer 2015 natural gas was 33% of power generation, coal is 33%, nuclear was 20%. Now we're starting to see as gas prices are so affordable that that will probably continue and we will probably see gas increase in those of you all who cover electric also know that regardless of what happens to the clean power plant and lot of plants are already underway and people are already building significant new combined cycle facility. So we believe that we’ve turned the corner. We see activity tremendously growing, as I said in my comments, we're seeing rig counts up, we are seeing well completion activities up along with the natural gas prices. We believe that we're getting back to a more normal, what that normally is. I think we're going to have to see over the next few months and we will continue in our quarterly discussions to say is it higher than we thought or less than we thought, but we do as we always are want to be conservative and make sure that we have a few more months under us to see what can we look at that more predictable. So it's much better than last year. Will that be back to 2013, 2014. I think we'd just have to wait and see.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. Fair points there. Very helpful. Switching gears, more of a housekeeping question, I know few months back when we got the West Virginia binding settlement or agreement there, there was kind of an outstanding piece with your own insurance companies that could ultimately notice some cash. Is that still outstanding or has that been settled? Is that possible we get a bit of an influx at some point this year?
Susan Story: Well, it's not settled and we had two different firms, who do not participate. And so we currently – one of them requires arbitration and we have begun the arbitration process. The other we have filed a lawsuit in West Virginia against and that's public information. So we are continuing. As you know these things don't happen quickly, but we are in process. On October 28, we actually filed in Knott County against our indemnity and that one is public record. And then the other insurers we have actually started arbitration process as they are located offshore there was mandatory arbitration. And we actually have had the panel; the Chairperson of the panel has been selected. So we're continuing that process in both of those, that level of insurance together is $50 million, $25 million each.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. And that would be, I guess, simply a cash flow adjustment or an item perhaps at some point, I guess, obviously, if it were to be on the income statement we can adjust that pretty easily.
Susan Story: Yes. It would be both and if it were as you know the entire settlement was on West Virginia American Water's books, because they were the ones that the lawsuits were against. And so if we do recover any additional fund, it would go back to West Virginia American.
Spencer Joyce: Okay. Perfect. That's all I had. Congrats on a really nice year and look forward to seeing you all soon. End of Q&A
Susan Story: Thanks, Spencer. And I would tell you that for those that we have not been able to answer your questions, our Investor Relations will get back with you. We appreciate all of you participating today. We appreciate those of you who were at our Investor Day. If you have any questions, again, please call Ed and Ralph, they will get back to you, if we didn't get a chance to answer your questions. I'd like to remind everyone that our 2017 first quarter earnings call will be on May 4 and our annual shareholders meeting will take place on Friday, May 12. Thanks again for listening. We hope you had a great spring and we will talk to you again in May.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo – Vice President of Financial Planning and Investor Relations Susan Story – President and Chief Executive Officer Linda Sullivan – Chief Financial Officer Walter Lynch – President & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Brian Chin – Bank of America Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Jonathan Reeder – Wells Fargo Shahriar Pourreza – Guggenheim Partners Tim Winter – Gabelli & Company
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 10, 2016 by dialing 412-317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10094124. The online archive of the webcast will be available through December 3, 2016 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Financial Planning and Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Yeah. Thank you, Nichole. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. We will keep the call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements that represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates, and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q, each has filed with the SEC. I encourage you to read our Form 10-Q for a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information. Also, reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call including adjusted earnings both the historical performance as well as earnings guidance, adjusted return on equity and our O&M efficiency ratio, can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call. The slide presentation for this call can also be accessed through the Investor Relations page of our website. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question-and-answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And with that, I will now turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the third quarter financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our operations. But before we give you the summary of our third quarter results, I'd like to comment on the announcement we made on Monday. We have a binding global settlement in principle approved by the federal court for all consolidated claims in both federal and state courts in West Virginia arising from the Freedom Industry's chemical spiel on January 9, 2014. This settlement is not an admission of any liability or fault on the part of our company or our employees. As a matter of record, Freedom Industries, as a company as well as six of their employees including three officers, has quite guilty to criminal violation of the Clean Water Act, as a result of the Chemical Spill. In comparison, West Virginia American Water has not been found to have violated any law or regulations in connection with the Chemical Spill. We firmly believe the suites brought against us are without merit and resulted at least in part due to the bankruptcy of Freedom Industries and their limited ability to pay claims. As noted in the recent report that the Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board, the Freedom Industries Chemical Spill was preventable, had Freedom followed proper procedures. Additionally, the Federal Court dismissed all claims against American Water parent company, and our service company in pre-trial decisions nor is either a party to the Class Action Litigation in State Court. So, why did we decide the settle these cases. First, we believe it is in the best interest of our customers, our company and especially our West Virginia employees. They are the people who work hard to deliver the highest standard of customer service possible, regardless of the challenges they face. Second, this resolution allows us to serve our customers without the distractions and potentially significant expenses of Federal and State Litigation over the next several years, which Linda will quantify in a few minutes. And third these distractions and expenses are further compounded by a couple of facts. West Virginia is our only regulated state in American Water with severely limited protections against claims of damages arising from outages or interruptions of services. Even electric and gas utilities in the state are more protected as our municipalities. Additionally, these trials would have occurred in the state that historically has been highly favorable to the point as far. While West Virginia passed meaningful tort reform measures in 2015, the law suits filed by plaintiffs in these cases were filed before the new measures took effect. Now let me turn the call over to Linda to comment on the financial element of the proposed global settlements.
Linda Sullivan: Thanks, Susan. Let me start with the earnings impact. The aggregate amount of the binding global agreement in principal is $126 million pre-tax. Our portion is $65 million with the remaining $61 coming from some of our insurers. In the third quarter, we recorded our $65 million portion of the settlement, net of committed insurance receivables as an after tax charge of $39 million or $0.22 per share which was recorded on the books of West Virginia American Water. I would like to point out that two of our insurers that we asked to participate in the settlement have presently not agreed to participate in the settlement. Their insurance coverage level is up to $50 million in the aggregate. We intend to actively pursue recovery from these two insurers and in fact last Friday West Virginia American Water filed suit against one of these insurers in West Virginia and we will pursue arbitration against the other. We firmly believe that these insurers had a responsibility to participate appropriately. In terms of the structure of the settlement – the structure of the settlement Page six lays off the components of the structure for both our settlement of $126 million as well as another $25 million funded under a separate settlement agreement between the plaintiffs and the Eastman Chemical Company. The structure establishes a two-tier payments of claims made up of the guaranteed fund and claims-based payments. Let me discuss the guaranteed fund first. In our settlement, the guaranteed fund will be $76 million of which our portion would be $51 million and in the insurance will contribute $25 million. The two reserves that I mentioned earlier who did not participate in the settlement were after commit coverage to the guaranteed fund. Their insurance coverage level is at the $50 million in the aggregate. We have not recorded in accounts receivable from these two insurers but we are actively pursuing recovery as I mentioned earlier. As the chart shows, Eastman's $25 million is in the guaranteed fund. The total $101 million in the guaranteed fund must be exhausted before any claims-based payments are made. Now, let me cover the claims-based payments. In our settlement, the claims-based payments would be up to $50 million, of which our portion would be up to $14 million and a number of our insurance carriers committed to contribute up to $36 million. I trust that this chart helps to explain the structure of the settlement. Let me now discuss a few other points, as part of the settlement, West Virginia American Water agreed it will not seek rate recovery from the West Virginia Public Service Commission for the amounts included under this settlement, and for approximately $4 million in direct response costs expensed in 2014, relating to the chemical fill. In terms of cash flow, we intend to fund West Virginia settlement payments through existing sources of liquidity. Funding is not expected to begin until the settlement is final, estimated to occur in the first half of next year. Let me also discuss legal fee. We estimate that future defense cost could easily have been $25 million or more over the next several years, have we gone through all trials in the case for federal and state. And these are only the estimated legal expenses and do not account for other expected impact that results from significant litigations, such as management's time and attention, and then, ongoing distraction to our employees in West Virginia, who are focused on delivering water service to our customers in that state. I'll now turn it back to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. We believe strongly that these uncertainties, distractions and anticipated expenses wanted a global settlement at this time. Again, despite the fact that we believe this suits broad against West Virginia American Water or without merit. In terms of next step, the terms of the settlement must be finalized and approved by the court, notice of the terms of the settlement must be provided to the settlement quest members, and then, a final fairness hearing will be held before the final approval of the settlement. We anticipate this final hearing should occur in the first half of 2017. The Freedom Industries' chemical spill was a challenging time for the West Virginia community, our customers and our employees. We are looking forward, and as we have for our 130 years as a company, our focus is on serving our customers clean, safe, reliable and affordable water. So, with that, let's discuss our third quarter performance because outside of this week's news of the pending resolution of ligation, our employees continue to consistently deliver great results across our business with their outstanding dedication and commitment to our customers. Excelling at fundamentals is critically important in any business, we get that, and this is why we continue to invest in our water and wastewater system, while at the same time increasing our operating efficiency to reduce cost impacts on our customers. We also continue to grow our regulated businesses based on our demonstrated core competencies in customer care. Our people are providing solutions and value to customers and communities across our footprint and this is what drives our consistent results. Slide 7 highlights how we have executed our strategy. It starts with providing reliable service through capital investment in our regulated operations. During the first nine months of the year, we invested $905 million in capital with a majority dedicated toward our regulated operation to improve water and wastewater systems. It also included $24 million for regulated acquisition. We plan to invest between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion this year with about $1.2 billion of that amount in regulated infrastructure investments. This level of investment is balanced by our continued focus on first, controlling O&M cost, then spending every capital dollar efficiently and finally, utilizing constructive regulatory mechanisms. We're extremely proud of our employees’ efforts to improve efficiency and their commitment comes from a deeply ingrained culture at American Water to provide the best quality service to our customers at an affordable price. Walter will give you a little more background on some of these efforts in just a few minutes. Having the reputation of doing what is right for our customers also contributes to our growth. This year, we've already welcomed 10,700 new customers just from acquisitions and the total of 10,000 more customers from organic growth. We also have signed agreement representing another 67,800 customers pending regulatory approvals. As we've discussed in the first two quarterly calls this year, we faced headwinds in our market-based businesses in 2016. We continue to see reductions in capital upgrade projects in our Military Services Group compared to previous years. This is due to decreases in base infrastructure budgets as well as the completion earlier this year of a very large multi-year capital upgrade projects we had in one of our military bases. We see improving conditions in natural gas drilling plants in Appalachian basin and our Keystone Clearwater subsidiary continues to increase its market share from about 20% when we bought the company in July of 2015 to about 35% today. However, due to the timing of ramp ups and work completion schedules, at this time we still view Keystone as being EPS neutral for this year. Our Homeowner Services business continues to grow especially through municipal partnerships and expansion of services we offer. To-date, we have about 1.7 million customer contracts, which serve 833,000 customers in 43 states and Washington DC. This business is seeing a very active national market with several municipal RFPs in process. We believe that our market base businesses remain strong long-term place and they leverage our core competencies in water and waste water treatment and management. We strategically limit their impact to our overall risk profile. These businesses are also very capital light with a vast majority of our investments made in our regulated business. Moving onto slide 8. Adjusted earnings were $1.05 per share for the third quarter, excluding the Freedom Industries settlement, a 9.4% increase above third quarter 2015. For the first nine months in 2016, EPS increased 8.6%. Our continued strong results enable us to revise our adjusted earnings guidance to the upper end of our prior range, plus a $0.01, so from $2.75 per share to $2.85 per share to $2.81 per share to $2.86 per share, again excluding the Freedom Industries settlement. We also continue our progress toward achieving our long-term goal of 7% to 10% EPS growth through 2020. And with that, Walter will now give you his update on our operations.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning, everyone. During the third quarter and year-to-date, our employees continue to demonstrate their expertise and scale in delivering reliable and safe water services to our customers. Once again we've made smart investments, achieved growth through the solutions we offered to communities and we continue to maximize efficiencies to help keep costs down. Our commitment to invest in our infrastructure while focusing on efficiency of operations, to balance customer costs is front and center in the regulatory request we made this year. In Kentucky, our rate case Settlement was approved and we've received an order for $6.5 million of additional annualized revenues. As part of the rate order, the PSC eliminated the former 45% equity ratio cap, this allows for some flexibility in how we finance our investments in that state. In California, we filed a general rate case in July 1, seeking $51 million in annualized revenues over the three years. We also received approval to begin construction of our new pipeline associated with Monterey, Peninsula Water Supply project, which is due to start of this project, which is due to start this month. This marks another significant milestone in a multi-year approach to solving a water supply issues for residences and businesses in that area. And in Pennsylvania, the Public Utility Commission last month approved our proposed acquisitions of the wastewater assets of the Scranton Sewer Authority, which I'll discuss in a moment. Turning to slide 11, in the third quarter, record warmth and lower rainfall swept through many of our largest service areas, especially in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Well, some areas we serve are wetter than usual mainly in Missouri and Illinois, the overall effect was higher weather impact at water sales. We estimate the impact to our net revenues to be approximately $6 million. Also of note, on October 21, the New Jersey DEP issued a drought warning in four of the six designated drought regions. While we do have production facilities in these designated drought areas. We have the ability and capacity to transfer water to the impacted regions as authorized by the DEP. Currently we're in discussions with the DEP and we stand ready to help. On slide 12, you can see success we've had in executing our growth strategy by providing solutions to water and wastewater challenges across our footprint. As Susan said, our pending and closed agreements represent about 78,500 customers. In New Jersey, we've filed with the Board of Public Utilities on October 28 for approval of the Shorelands acquisition, which is 11,000 water customers. We anticipate approval in the first half of 2017. In Pennsylvania, we have our two largest pending acquisitions this year. The wastewater assets of the Scranton Sewer Authority as well as the Municipal Authority of the city of McKeesport. Together, these systems represent more than 50,000 customers. Regarding Scranton the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission in October approved our application authorizing the acquisition. The commission's approval is an important positive step forward in the regulatory review process and it reflects the hard work by our Pennsylvania team and partnership with the Sewer Authority to secure the necessary approvals. We remain confident that we'll receive all the necessary remaining approvals, close the acquisition and begin providing quality waste water service to Scranton and Dunmore before the end of 2016. Finally this week, we close on our acquisition of the Borough of New Cumberland Wastewater System adding 3,100 customers to our Pennsylvania footprint. Moving to slide 13. Once again we continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio, achieving 34.9% for the last 12 months. We remain on track to meet our O&M efficiency target of 34% by 2020. This tremendous effort by our employees is centered on bringing value to our customers. Once again, let me provide you with a couple of examples of what we're doing to drive these results. In Indiana, we completed a local project to digitize customer requests to locate underground assets, so that customers can excavate on their own property. Known internally as he locate this project which uses our GIS data has improved our response time, reduced labor and improved accuracy and customer satisfaction on these customer requests. E-locate has been replicated now across six states and has provided over $1 million in annualized cost savings and efficiencies. Another example is our investment in enterprise software and meter data management, which is beginning to pay off efficiency gains, which continue to improve our performance, closing in on near 100% in actual meter reach for billing. We've seen cost savings of over $1 million as we reduced the time spent hamming exceptions. And again, every dollar we save in O&M costs we can invest $7 in capital with no impact on our customers' bills. And now, I'll turn the call over to Linda for a more detail on our third quarter financial results.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter. In the third quarter of 2016, American Water reported earnings of $0.83 per share including the $0.22 charge for the Freedom Industry settlement. Excluding this charge, adjusted earnings per share were a $1.05; 9.4% higher than the third quarter of last year. As shown on slide 15, our regulated segment was up $0.10 per share, our Market-Based businesses were down $0.03 and the parent was favorable $0.02. For the nine months ended September 30, our adjusted earnings per share were $2.27, up $0.18 or 8.6% compared to the prior year. As with the quarter, these results were driven by our regulated segment which was up $0.22. And both our Market-Based businesses and parent were each down $0.02 per share. Turning to slide 16, let me discuss the quarterly results by business segment. For the third quarter, adjusted earnings for our regulated businesses increased $0.10 per share. The largest driver of growth with regulated revenue which was up $0.15 per share. Of that $0.15, approximately $0.14 was from additional revenue authorized to rate cases and infrastructure mechanisms to support investment growth, as well as some fluctuations in balancing accounts; and $0.01 was from acquisitions and organic growth. As Walter mentioned, we experienced hot dry weather throughout much of our service area this quarter, especially in New Jersey, which increased revenue by more than $12 million. This was partially offset by wet conditions in Missouri and Illinois, which decreased revenue by about $6 million. Net-net, we had a pickup in revenue of about $6 million this quarter compared to normal weather conditions. Although the year-over-year third quarter weather impact was zero. Next, adjusted O&M expense increased $0.03 per share this quarter. There are – were lots of pluses and minuses here, but among the drivers were higher production and employee-related costs, partially offset by lower insurance cost. We're also experiencing some O&M timing this year, as more than $10 million of regulated O&M is now expected to be complete in the last quarter of the year. This includes dampening expenses, certain maintenance and repairs, as well as some project delays. Next, depreciation expense increased $0.02 per share from regulated investment growth. In the market based businesses, our third quarter results were $0.03 lower than last year's, due mainly to lower capital upgrades at our military bases. The year-over-year reduction in capital upgrades is driven by two factors. The first is a reduction in military base infrastructure budget and the second is the completion of an $85 million capital upgrade project at Fort Polk that contributed revenue in 2015, and which was substantially completed in the second quarter of this year. Also, I'd like to clarify that we calculate military capital upgrades represent working capital only. These military projects are not capitalized on our balance sheet, rather we've recovered these investments through scheduled or milestone payments as we complete that. Finally, while we are seeing a year-over-year decrease in military capital upgrade projects, the pipeline of new base is looking to privatize remain strong. In the final section of the waterfall chart, you'll note that parent is positive $0.02 per share for the quarter, primarily due to certain expenses recorded in the third quarter of last year, partially offset by higher interest on parent's debt. And finally we show that $0.22 impact of the settlement bringing our GAAP earnings to $0.83 per share for the quarter. Turning to slide 17, we have five rate cases and two outstanding infrastructure surcharge requests awaiting final orders for a total revenue request of $109.7 million. We also have a total of $90.5 million in annualized rates effective since October 1, 2015, including the resolution of our Kentucky rate case for $6.5 million in late August, and $9 million in the annualized infrastructure surcharges in our Pennsylvania subsidiary. Slide 18 highlights our ongoing, strong financial performance and some key cash flow and investing metrics for our business. Our capital investments year-to-date were $905 million. This is $65 million lower than the same period last year, which included the third quarter purchase of Keystone Clearwater for a $133 million. We expect to spend between $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion this year, including capital for this Scranton acquisition, which we're working to close in the fourth quarter. Our cash flow from operations grew 8.1% to $925 million for the first nine months of the year. The majority of this growth was driven by increased net income and depreciation, both of which are the results of infrastructure investments for our customers. Our adjusted return on equity improved to 9.57%, this is testament to the ongoing efforts of our employees to work efficiently and to limit regulatory lag through timely filings and innovative regulatory mechanism. We also continue to provide top quartile dividend growth, compared to the Dow Jones utility average and our water peers. On October 28, we declared a dividend of $0.375 per share payable on December 1, 2016 to shareholders of record as of November 9, 2016. Finally, I would like to discuss our earnings guidance. Throughout the year, we have shared with you the headwinds we've faced in our market base businesses. For example, we have discussed the impact of lower capital upgrades in our Military Services division, as well as our Keystone team's efforts to manage their business to be earnings neutral despite a very challenging natural gas market. Despite these headwinds, the employees in our businesses have delivered extraordinary results, even with the additional fourth O&M expense, we are revising our adjusted earnings guidance to the upper end of our prior range plus a $0.01 or to $0.281 to $0.286 per share which excludes the Freedom Industries' settlement. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Walter and Linda. You heard us describing some details, the excellent results of our business through the third quarter of the year. And with the announcement of our preliminary settlement of the Freedom Industries' chemical spill related lawsuit. We will remove future risks and uncertainties related to legal cost and other expenses and distractions inherent in multiple ongoing multi-year litigation. Our year-to-date financial performance reflects the successful execution of our strategy investing in our systems, operating efficiently, growing our business and remaining steadfast in our commitment to the highest standards of customer service. We have 6,700 amazing people that we all get the privilege of working with every day. They are great in what they do. They make life better for about 15 million people across the United States everyday with the services they provide. They are the first ones to volunteer when communities are in need or natural disasters hit. I am proud of not just what they do, but as the people that they are. And as investors, you can be proud of their record of service as well. Before we go to questions, as a reminder, we will have our 2016 investor conference at the New York Stock Exchange beginning with lunch on Thursday, December 15. At that time, we will share with you our projections for our lines of businesses in 2017, as well as share our capital plans for 2017 and beyond. As the slide indicates, we will need you to RSVP to make sure that you can get into the Exchange. We hope, you will be there. With that, we're happy to take any questions that you might have at this time.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Fleishman of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman: Hey, Susan. How are you?
Susan Story: Hey, Steve. Good. How are you doing today?
Steve Fleishman: Doing great. So just one question, this just maybe a technicality, but I didn't see your kind of 7% to 10% growth slide that you normally have in the slide deck, so just wanted to clarify is the 7% to 10% growth still the growth rate through 2020?
Susan Story: Well, we – yes, 7% to 10% in 2020, and our long-term growth at 7% to 10%, and on December 15, we'll rollout what we're looking at over the next five years.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. Great. And then, I'm just curious, the upcoming election kind of from the water sector standpoint, is there any real difference in your view in terms of policy on who wins in the election and anything that we should be kind of watching?
Susan Story: You know. Steve, really not both candidates have expressed support for infrastructure investment. I think, both candidates have expressed support for public-private partnership. So, specifically in the water industry where there are a number of governmental entities. I co-chaired with Doug Peterson, the CEO of S&P Global earlier in the year, for the Bipartisan Policy Center, a template. And we had a – an advisory council of political figures, former mayors and political figures, Democrats and Republicans who are all advocating for public-private partnerships because there were simply won't be enough federal monies to do the infrastructure investment we need in this country for water and waste water or transportation. The Clinton campaign has come out and talked about a water innovation center. The Trump campaign has talked about infrastructure investment. So, we believe that whoever wins the election, the focus will remain on infrastructure and the role of private industry to be part of that renaissance of infrastructure investment for the country.
Steve Fleishman: And then, just finally, in all your kind of key states, is there any kind of election or kind of issues, proposals or things like that, that we should be watching?
Susan Story: No, actually the opposite. In our states, we have states with a lots of representation from Democrats, Republicans and we have – they're all great states. So, what we are – when we look actually and Walter can comment on this, what we're actually seeing are positive legislative efforts, given the attention that's given to infrastructure investment, we're actually seeing the office. We really seen support from both sides of the aisle on solutions that can help us solve some of the water and wastewater infrastructures issues. Walter, do you want to comment?
Walter Lynch: Yes, Susan, all across our footprint, we're seeing positive legislation from Indiana and Illinois to New Jersey and Pennsylvania. But really all the states encouraging us to invest in our infrastructure and making sure that we have enablers to acquire systems as well. So we're seeing very positive movement in each of our states.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Susan Story: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question comes from Angie Storozynski of Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Angie Storozynski: Thank you. So, I wanted to ask about the municipal acquisitions that you have announced. Is there any rule of thumb about the earnings in fact per se the thousand accounts acquired and also how does it track versus your prior expectations on an annual basis, how many accounts you're adding because it feels to us like you've more than doubled the prior goals in additions of customer accounts.
Linda Sullivan: So, Angie, let me start – this is Linda. Let me start, the way that this works is that once we acquire a system, it goes through regulatory approvals by the PSE in that state. Once that approval is obtained, then we would include the acquisition in our next rate case. And so there is a bit of regulatory lag from the time that we get the approval to the time that it's included in a rate case proceeding that rate case proceeding then will determine the amount of rate base that we are authorized to earn a return on. And so that's really the process that it goes through.
Walter Lynch: And Angie, it's Walter. Speaking to the acquisition pipeline and some of the deals we've announced, what we're doing is providing solutions for communities, and with communities have issues and they're looking for somebody to come in and buy their systems, we are the natural acquirer. I think the legislation in each of the states are key enablers for us to do this, and we're seeing that play out across our footprint, but particularly in Pennsylvania as I noted, with two large acquisitions Scranton Sewer Authority and then the Authority of McKeesport. We're providing solutions for these communities, and they're turning to us because we have the expertise and the financial wherewithal to be able to buy the systems and operate them properly and make sure they're protected for years going forward.
Angie Storozynski: But do you feel like it's the beginning of a real consolidation of the water sector that we've been waiting for many number of decades now?
Susan Story: Well, I think you've seen a pretty big increase in the numbers the deals that we've announced, and we're, I mean, we're in discussions with the number of communities as we said and we're here to provide solutions and we're confident that we can do that.
Angie Storozynski: But is this [indiscernible] okay, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Susan Story: Angie, this is Susan. I think your question, so to your point, we've been talking about – the people have been talking about this for years and that's one reason and that we can get questions about, is this the 1% to 2% still grow it on the triangle those type of things. We want to watch and see, we've had an extraordinary year, we think the pipeline looks very healthy, and we want to look and see what happens, that we monitor it very carefully in all of our states. We are seeing more interest than we've seen. But whether that translates into X percent more growth, that's what we're looking at and really putting our pencil to the paper to see what we'll see. I think when we see what happens in 2017 that will inform us more, is this suddenly the floodgate starting to have a little more flow, hopefully it is, the indications are positive, but we'll just have to see.
Angie Storozynski: And is it just, I mean, it sounds like most of the acquisitions are happening in the Pennsylvania and then this one in New Jersey, is this trend for now limited to these two states?
Susan Story: No, not limited to New Jersey and Pennsylvania, we are in discussions with others in other states, but these are just the ones that we've been able to announce here recently, but our teams are working in each of the states, looking for solutions to provide for these municipalities. And again...
Angie Storozynski: But you are saying – but you're only seeking municipal acquisitions in the states, where you already operate right, so there is no venturing into other states?
Susan Story: Well, what we have always said, Angie, is that, we're very interested in our state's growing, we are constantly looking – we are constantly looking at the landscape, and we have three hurdles when we look at whether we would enter a new state. The first one is, what is the regulatory climate, the second one is what is the business climate and are they open to private water, and the third is, do we see a line of sight to get to at least 50,00 customers within five years, so those are our gates and we're constantly looking across the country, we write every state based on those three. So we would not disclose if we had any activity until there was signed agreements, but we are always looking beyond our states. But right now, our focus – we're seeing a lot of opportunity. To your point about, it only seems, it seems mostly in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Pennsylvania is where we have the most mature laws that are favorable for this. Act 11, which was passed the 2012, maybe 2013 and then the course Act 12, which we are seeing more on the fair value legislation across the country. But I think you're seeing a state that has been more mature in some of the enabling legislative efforts that have been translated into regulatory policies, and so we are looking towards seeing more activity in other states as their legislation, enabling legislation becomes more mature.
Angie Storozynski: Perfect. Thank you.
Susan Story: Thanks, Angie.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Chin of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Hi, good morning.
Susan Story: Hi, Brian.
Brian Chin: Just a question on the acquisitions again. On slide 12 you broke out agreements reached, approvals granted and acquisitions closed, given that Scranton was reached – an agreement was reached last year, could you just define a little bit more clearly, when we say a 30,000 customers to 60,000 customers, is that agreements reached, is that approvals granted, is that acquisitions – because the three categories can startle over a year, so can you just be a little bit more specific in terms of why you're including in that 30,000 customers to 60,000 customers?
Susan Story: Right, that 30,000 customers to 60,000 customers translates into the approximate customer amount to reach our 1% to 2% earnings per share growth in that at regulated acquisition portion of our growth triangle. So, what that means is as I mentioned earlier there is a process that we go through with the acquisition, which starts with the regulatory approval, and other types of environmental approvals if necessary. We then go through the regulatory rate case process to include this in our earnings, and it's really when it gets to the 1% to 2% of earnings that it would count. So, Brian...
Brian Chin: So...
Susan Story: ... I think how are we classifying these. So, a city or a municipality does an RFP, okay we're the successful bidder, we don't put into that pending at that point, only after we've negotiated done our due diligence, negotiated an agreement from the time we get a signed agreement is when we put it into that pending, then once we sign the agreement, you get regulatory approval, and then typically you close sometimes like Scranton, there is another step because they were under consent degree from the EPA, additionally we're having to get a couple of environmental permit. So the quick answer is, when we put at something in the pending is because we have a signed agreement. We've gone through the RSP, we've done due diligence, we've signed to the terms. They all are waiting on typically from that point on is regulatory approval, which can typically take six months. Does that help?
Brian Chin: Okay. So if I think about it properly, what you're basically saying is, don't focus necessarily on which transaction gets included in which year by customer count. It's just that the lose 30,000 to 60,000 customers should translate to roughly 1% to 2% customer growth, even if the definition of agreements reached or approvals granted or acquisitions closed might be a little bit in flux from year-to-year, is that the right way to think about that?
Susan Story: Exactly right. And again, that's why we do five years with a triangle, so 1% to 2%, it – you need to average it, but again, we want it, we're trying to be more clear, which is why we put this slide in here, so you could see what exactly does this mean, what is really closed, what you're waiting on, what is it mean when you put in that bucket, how – we don't want to include as pending until we have pretty strong assurance that's going to go through, which is why we don't include anything until we have a signed agreement on the terms with the municipality.
Brian Chin: Great. And then one last question. I know you touched on this a little bit earlier, but in terms of just your confidence with regards to the acquisition and overall regulated growth outlook, I know we're going to get more detail at the conference coming up, but do you feel more confident in terms of the possibilities that are out there versus say a year ago when you did the last Analyst Conference?
Walter Lynch: Yes. I mean, it all ties back as we are talking here, the 1% to 2%. We're confident that we're going to be able to deliver 1% to 2% customer growth through acquisitions.
Brian Chin: Thank you very much.
Susan Story: Thanks, Brian.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Real quickly on the market based segments, this has been a tough year in terms of growth, can you talk about whether that business you think still is able to fit the growth target overall or do you see the utility business is growing at faster than 7% to 10% but the market based business maybe grows a little bit slower than 7% to 10%?
Susan Story: Michael you always ask such a good question. The answer is we're as I said talking earlier, we're very committed to the market based businesses that we're in. Specifically for American Water enterprises, predominantly you have Homeowner Services and you have the military. The capital upgrades business that Linda talked about is a big part of that. But the big difference is that in military, while some of those infrastructure budgets may continue to be under some pressure, the pipeline for new basis that are issuing RFP or who have RFPs out there, they're significant. We have seen army pretty much, pretty active in the past several years. The air force over the past couple of three years has gotten even more active. So there is a robust pipeline in the military for new bases to win, so that's why we remain bullish on the military services. Homeowner Services is doing well. There are more municipalities who are interested in partnership opportunities for these home warranties that we offer, so we feel really good about it. And then on the Keystone Clearwater, everybody and gosh Goldman you guys are really doing a great job of monitoring the natural gas and oil markets. So you know that things are picking up. We're very proud that through the worst of it that our organization, our business was able to stay EPS neutral, that is a huge deal and it shows a lot about how they kept going in some of the services they were able to provide during the downturn. So, yes, the market-based businesses we're in, we are committed to. Now we have always said that at our core, we are a regulated utility period, we will stay that way. Currently, anywhere from 9% to 10% of our revenue, net income comes from market-based little less this year. So, we will not see that grow beyond 15% to 20%, and probably closer to the up to 15% unless there is something extremely regulated like, if we win every new military base for example, and that helps us and it's more regulated like. But right now we are committed, but the market-based businesses have a limited role in the overall growth of our company and the majority of our growth will always come from our capital investment in our regulated business as well as regulated acquisition that then turns into more capital investment into our business.
Michael Lapides: Susan, that was super helpful. I want to make sure I can summarize that back.
Susan Story: Okay. Go.
Michael Lapides: It was a lot. I'm just trying to digest. I'm going back to the transcript if it were out already. Market-based business grows faster than the overall total EPS growth rate for the company, albeit, maybe not as fast as what you've seen prior to this year?
Susan Story: I think that's a nice summary, wow. I could have saved a lot of time, I have just said that, right.
Michael Lapides: One follow up. How are you thinking, companies gotten bigger, your regulated rate base, your regulated earnings power has improved significantly with rate increases, cost management et cetera. How are you thinking about dividend and dividend policy, especially if you remain in that kind of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion a year in capital deployed, it imply that with higher earnings you'd have kind of a little better cash flow both with similar CapEx levels. Are you thinking there's potential for dividend growth maybe do exceed earnings growth or for an upgrade or uptick in the dividend payout ratio policy?
Susan Story: So I'll start and then let Linda contribute. So, on the positive side, we are already really high in the top quartile of dividend growers in utility space. We have said that, we have a 50% to 60% payout ratio target and we remain at the lower end of that. So we have room within our current payout ratio target to grow, the answer to your last question that you asked. We look at every dollar and the best way to use that dollar, reinvesting in our capital programs for the benefit of our customers will always be first and dividends of course are right up there. So we also look at other investments, are there other ways to grow, do we look at things like, I mean the very bottom of our list by the way is buybacks. We think that, we should have plenty of opportunities to invest in our business, we look at dividends, we look at refinancing debt. All of those things we think have far more value to our shareholders than the latter. So, we right now, see ourselves continuing to have our dividend growth commensurate with our EPS growth. However, we also are very happy that over the past four years, we've had double-digit dividend increase and still remain at the bottom of our payout range.
Linda Sullivan: And Michael...
Michael Lapides: Got it.
Linda Sullivan: I would add to that, that we continue to look at our cash flow from operations, which is strong and which in our five year plan is expected to exceed our capital expenditures in 2018.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you. Much appreciate it, guys.
Susan Story: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave [indiscernible] of Baird. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Participant: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could provide a little commentary on what you're seeing in terms of fair value legislation? Do you think catching are more broadly across your service area, and, yeah, what are your expectations there?
Walter Lynch: Yeah. This is Walter. And we have that fair market legislation, fair value legislation in six of our states now, and we do see a catching on, because it's just another enabler for us to go and acquire systems and pay the fair market value, which gives the mares, the communities options if they're looking to monetize assets. So, we do think it's got momentum and you can see just in the last couple of years, how it's expanded across United States. And so many of our acquisitions are tied to that fair market legislation. So, it is working as well.
Susan Story: Yeah. And one thing to, this is Susan, David. This is really a differentiator for the water utility sector, compared to other utilities, because these fair market legislation initiatives really only cover water and wastewater, and they tend to be also for distressed water systems, which is back to the whole infrastructure issue nationally that we have with municipalities.
Unidentified Participant: Excellent. Thank you all very much.
Susan Story: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning. Hey, good morning, everyone. Congrats, Susan, I was surprised in a little bit this year. So, I'm sure you happy there.
Susan Story: Jonathan, I won't talk about not dime.
Jonathan Reeder: Yeah. Please don't. At least the lot of fans are cubs fans to so they have a little follows there. But I want to follow just a bit on Andy's area, response to Andy's question. So, for the Scranton and the McKeesport deal from a modeling perspective, we shouldn't really, we expecting any earnings impact until the next Pennsylvania rate case, is that the way to kind of think about that?
Susan Story: So, what happens, once we received regulatory approval and we close on the deals, then we begin collecting the existing rates under the system. And so we look at that for the interim period and generally what we do in the interim period before a rate case is we will finance that acquisition with shorter term debt. Then we will go through the regulatory process and that will determine the amount that gets on rate, gets into rate base upon which we would earn our return or have the opportunity to earn our return.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So maybe you're not earning the same ROE as the rest of the business, but you are earning a return and you kind of help enhance that a little bit by doing the short term financing in the meantime, is that accurate?
Susan Story: Yeah. And John, that's right. And part of what we go through, is we look at specific metrics that each of these acquisitions need to meet those financial hurdles and generally accretion is one of those metrics.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then can you remind us what would be the timing of the next Pennsylvania rate case?
Susan Story: So we do not make that public.
Jonathan Reeder: When was your last, I guess, rate case filed, and how about that for Pennsylvania, I don't think it's been in the last 12 months?
Susan Story: Yeah. It's been two years.
Jonathan Reeder: It's been two years. So, kind of coming up and I mean, is it fair to say getting those two large systems into rate base might be a catalyst as well?
Susan Story: So we look at a multitude of factors to determine the timing of our rate cases, and we take all of that into consideration when we look at timing Jonathan. But you are an excellent questioner, Jonathan.
Jonathan Reeder: All right. Thanks for that. And then the other question I had just the $10 million of O&M expense for Q4 is, did you say that's been pulled forward from 2017?
Linda Sullivan: No, that's actually timing differences between primarily the third quarter, but also first quarter and second quarter and has moved into the fourth quarter.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. All right. Thanks for the clarity. I appreciate it.
Linda Sullivan: Absolutely.
Susan Story: Thanks Jonathan.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shahriar Pourreza of Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, everyone.
Susan Story: Hi, Shahriar.
Shahriar Pourreza: So just one question. Can you remind us of the regulated acquisition, the trajectory of 1% to 2% includes any storm water and if not, is that sort of an opportunity that can move the needle and where is that opportunity set?
Susan Story: Shahriar, no it doesn't, first of all, the storm water is an interesting area nationally that's been looked at and really for us the first place we're looking at that is on military bases. We've had a couple of our bases where we serve water and wastewater, who have indicated an interest. So we're working through the Department of Defense as to whether that can fall under the preview that they got to their privatization language and legislation which, we believe it does the senate and the senators and the congress men I believe it does, but I think they're going through the lawyers and the Department of Defense to get comfortable with it. So, I think what you would find is storm water is part of the water cycle, we are looking at how that would look, so for us we're continuing to look at storm water, but our foray into that would and that's probably come through our military bases and it's our ability to take that part over along with water and wastewater.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay, got it. So a little bit ways off?
Susan Story: Yes.
Shahriar Pourreza: Excellent, thanks. That was it.
Susan Story: Well. Thank you, Shahriar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Winter of Gabelli & Company. Please go ahead.
Tim Winter: Good morning, and congratulations on the quarter and the year-to-date results.
Susan Story: Thanks, Tim.
Tim Winter: I wanted to follow-up on the fair value legislation and the process, at what point does the fair value assessment take place in – is that made public?
Susan Story: Every state is a little bit different, Tim, but typically after an asset purchase agreement is signed and then there are appraisers that are hired by the city and by us and then there is an typically an averaging of those appraisals, and it is public at some point, yes, but that's typically the process, the average of a couple of appraisals.
Tim Winter: So, in the instance of McKeesport, when will that take place or has is it?
Susan Story: We're actually hiring our appraisers now. So we're doing and then the city is doing it as well, that's where we are in the process.
Tim Winter: Okay. And as we considered the accretion process for this acquisitions, I mean, how would you characterize the levels of synergies that you can achieve as you go into the next Pennsylvania rate case?
Susan Story: Lot of factors involved and it's all based on local operations and the synergies that we can get from those, but they're obviously are synergies particularly when we're buying wastewater systems in areas where we serve water systems, and that's really key to our strategy is to be able to take advantages of synergies to benefit our customers.
Walter Lynch: And Tim, I'd add to that as we look at the way that we're structured overall from the American Water perspective, we really leverage the size and scale of our company to be able to provide synergies across the business in terms of back office support, finance, HR, legal, as well as our supply chain.
Susan Story: We see that as a big differentiator of supply chain and the purchasing power that we have and I like to highlight the examples on these calls and in individuals meetings, but it's a huge advantage that we have I think in this business.
Tim Winter: Okay.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you. First of all, thank you, all for participating today and your excellent questions. This was a great discussion. If you have any further questions, please call Ed or Melissa, and they'd be happy to help you. We really hope to see all of you on December 15 at our Investor Conference. We will – as you all know, we have a new head of Keystone, Dan Dalton, who has been the President & COO for several years. We also have a new head of our Market-Based Business, Deb Degillio. You'll get to meet them. So, I think and of course, what's old is new again, which is Ed Vallejo back in his role as VP of Investor Relations as well as Financial Planning and Analysis. So, we look forward to seeing all of you and we appreciate all your support. And, if there is anything we can do to help you understand our story better, please let us know. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 21:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Panagos - Vice President of Investor Relations Susan Story - President and Chief Executive Officer Walter Lynch - Chief Operating Officer Linda Sullivan - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ryan Connors - Boenning & Scattergood Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Partners Richard Verdi - Ladenburg Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations Web site. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 11, 2016 by dialoging 412-317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10089150. The online archive of the webcast will be available through September 06, 2016 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the Company's website located at www.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Greg Panagos, Vice President-Investor Relations. Mr. Panagos, you may begin.
Greg Panagos: Thank you, Bianca. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us for today's call. We will keep the call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answer to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements to represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors is provided in the earnings release and in our Form 10-Q each as filed with the SEC. I encourage you to read our Form 10-Q for a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information. Also reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call including adjusted return on equity and our O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call which is located at the Investor Relations page of the Company website. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question-and-answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share. And now I will turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the second quarter financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our operations. Once again, American Water employees delivered strong results during the second quarter of 2016. We executed on fundamentals by investing in our water and wastewater system to ensure safe and reliable service. We operated efficiently to reduce cost impacts on customers field. We continue to grow our business based on our reputation and core competency and we worked to provide excellent service to all of our customers. As you can see on Slide 6, we reported second quarter operating revenues of $827 million, a 5.8% increase above second quarter 2015. Earnings were $0.77 per share, a 13.2% increase above second quarter 2015. Our results reflects some timing benefits partially offset by some one-time expenses. For the first six months in 2016, EPS increased 8.8% and revenues were up 6.1%. Slide 7 highlights, how we are executing on our strategy. Our foundation remains capital investment in our regulated operations. During the first half of the year, we have invested $552 million in capital including 24 million for regulated acquisitions. The majority of the remaining $528 million was in regulated operation primarily to improve water and wastewater system improvement for the benefit of our customers. We plan to invest $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion for the full year, mostly for regulated infrastructure investments. That level of investment is balanced by our continued focus on controlling O&M cost as well as utilizing constructed regulatory mechanisms. Walter will cover this in greater detail, but we never lose sight of our customers and what they have to pay. This quarter was no exceptions and our employees continue to improve efficiency. We had excellent growth during the first half of 2016. We have added approximately 7,600 new customers from closed acquisitions and 5,300 customers from organic growth. We have agreements in place, pending regulatory approval, which would add 47,800 more customers that include both the previously announced Scranton Sewer Authority, which led 31,000 wastewater customers as well as our recently announced acquisition of Shorelands Water Company adding more than 11,000 water customers in New Jersey. I also want to mention acquisition activity that exemplify my earlier comment about growing our business based on our reputation and core competency. On Tuesday, the citizens of Blue Grass, Iowa voted in over whelming 86% majority to join the Iowa American family. Subject to a final agreement and regulatory approval, this 720 customer connections in Blue Grass would join this 730 new customers in yes community Iowa, which close earlier this year. These two additions result in a 2.3% growth from acquisition over the 63,000 customer we had in Iowa at end of 2015. We are very proud of the dedication, reputation and customer commitment of our folks Iowa, as well as in all of our other state that we are privileged to serve. In the market base businesses in the second quarter, we launched a municipal partnership to Homeowner services in George Town South Carolina. Our contract services grew kind of 10 year O&M agreement in July with the township of South Orange, New Jersey, which has 4,700 customers. Our Military services grew, began service to our Military and their families at Vandenberg Air Force Base on June 1. As we noted in the first quarter earnings call, we continue to see headwinds in AWE for the remainder of the year. primarily due to lower fixed capital upgrade on our existing military installation compared to previous years. Linda will discuss this a bit more in her comments. Many of you know that drilling activity is picking up in the Marcellus and Utica formation where our Keystone Clearwater subsidiary provides water services. As noted on the slide as of today we continue to see Keystone as being EPS neutral for the year. However, we will continue to evaluate the market and services demand and provide any update on our third quarter call. As noted on the slide our market share continues to increase and is now around 35% of the water services market in the Appalachian Basin. As Linda will discuss in more detail we experienced an increase in our medical costs during the second quarter some of which we expect to impact us through the second half of the year, I would raise some of the more innovative ways we are looking to manage these costs in the future in my closing remarks. As you can see on Slide 8, based on the results during the first half of the year we remain on track and we are affirming our 2016 guidance of $2.75 to $2.85 per share. We also continue our progress toward achieving our long-term goal of 7 to 10% EPS growth through 2020. And with that, Walter will now give you his update on our operation.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan, good morning everyone. We are really proud of the results our employees have delivered this year. We had strong growth, we made smart investments, we meet or surpass all standards as shown in our annual water caller report and we continue to realize efficiencies across the business. Through June 30 we have invested more than $535 million in our regulated business. Of that total, we have invested $511 million to maintain and improve the service we provide and another $24 million for regulated acquisition. As Susan said this investment is balanced by our focus on cost management, constructive regulatory mechanism, and legislation that enables us to assist communities with challenged water and wastewater systems. Our commitment to invest in our infrastructure while focusing our customer affordability is clear in the rate cases filed and closed this year. In Missouri our rate case settlement was adopted and we received an order for $4.5 million of additional annualized revenue. As part of the rate order the PSC further consolidated water and slurry to the geography regions, going from 19 water rate regions to three and 13 wastewater regions to two. This creates economies of scale by spreading costs over a larger group of customers, reduces company administrative costs and mitigates the volatility of our customers' bills. During the second quarter, Iowa and New York requested an additional $13.6 million in combined annualized revenue and lowered operating expenses by $3.6 million collectively. In California on July 1, we filed an application that set new rates in each of our service areas for 2018 through 2020. This application seeks a revenue increase statewide of $51 million over the three year period. Also the State Water Resources Control Board approved a five year time extension to California American Water to comply with a 2009 order to significantly reduce withdrawals of water from the Carmel River. This action by the board recognizes our significant progress in building cooperative alliances among California American, local governments and communities and environmental organizations. With these alliances, we are pursuing projects in water recycling and reuse that augment our water needs both before and after completion of our planned desalination facility. On Slide 11, you can see the success we have had in working with state governments and our commissions either in legislation or policy that enables water solutions for water in which would have chance. For example, the Pennsylvania legislature eliminated a consolidated tax adjustment in setting the utility rates. The new law now requires a calculation of the public utilities federal income tax expense on a standalone basis. Separate from any gains or losses of unregulated affiliates. Prior to this law, Pennsylvania was one of our few states that had a consolidated fact adjustments. In Illinois over the last several months, the Illinois American Water has worked to find solutions that help our customers having more reliable water system more quickly. The Illinois Commerce Commissions adapt with new roles in June, which removes the 5% cap between rate cases and instead permit rate that can increase in average of 2.5% a year with no year to increase more than 3.5%. This will be a big help in a state with big infrastructure challenges. Finally in Kentucky, the Governor signed House Bill 309 into law. This law establishes a framework for public private partnerships in Kentucky. For the first time ever, the state and local governments can leverage private investment to complete necessary infrastructure projects to better serve to public. This law has been referenced as the most comprehensive P3 Legislation to-date in the nation. As you can see on Slide 12, during the first half of the year. In addition to our organic growth, we welcomed about 7,600 new water and wastewater customer connections, which is about 20,000 people. We have pending acquisitions, which represented another 47,800 new customers. This includes the Shorelands acquisition, which is more than a 11,000 water customers. This is another example of how we are able to provide solutions. Shorelands service area is in the part of the state that is designated by the New Jersey department and environmental protection as a critical area in terms of water supply. Once the purchase is approving close, we welcome our new employees and our new customers. We are also working to close our acquisition of the Scranton Sewer Authority by September 30. Here we will welcome 31,000 new wastewater customers who will benefit from our operational and engineering expertise and our commitment to make necessary capital investments. You can also see in this slide how legislative efforts are helping us to provide water and wastewater solutions for people across our footprint. Out of the nine states where we have pending our close acquisitions, five have fair market value legislation. The importance of this legislation is evident when we look at the numbers. Nearly 97% of the customers we have closed or pending are one of these fair market value states. Moving to Slide 13, we continue to improve our own and efficiency ratio achieving 35.2% for the last 12-months. We remain on track to meet our owned and efficiency target of 34% by 2020. It's a great effort by our employees across our business, and it's all about bringing value to our customers. As I did last quarter, let me provide you with you couple of examples of what we are pursuing to drive these results. The first example is in our customer service centers, where we recently introduced new features to our customer soft service sight. These changes improve the customer experience by using easy and understand language for reoccurring payments and enabling our customers to change the bank account they use to pay their bills without the need to contact us. For the month of July, more than 17,000 customers signed up for paperless billing and that's more than three times the amount of customers have signed up in a month of June. These changes are a true win-win to make it easier for our customer to do business with us and they enable us to drive down costs. In New Jersey, in energy deregulated state, we have taken advantage of reverse auctions to reduce our electricity cost. We first did it in 2011 and completed another auction this past fall. To do this process, New Jersey American Water will save the total of $9 million for the next three year in energy cost, benefitting our customers. When we reduce $1 in operation and maintenance expense, we can invest $6 in capital. The $9 million cost reduction would translate into an additional $54 million in capital improvements without impacting our customers rates. Finally, we think our employees in West Virginia for the way they have responded to the devastating floods there this past June. Once again our team rose to the challenge, working safely and getting our service restored as quickly as possible. Additionally, they assisted statewide emergency response efforts. For example, we loaned two water tankers to the West Virginia Department of Home Land Security and Emergency Management to provide portable water for flood devastated communities outside our service area. We also provided three large generators to run critical facilities in neighboring communities without power, it was a great effort by employees there and we are very, very proud of them. And now, I’ll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our second quarter financial results.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter and good morning everyone. In the second quarter of 2016, American Water delivered strong financial results and year-to-date, we remain on-track. Slide 16 shows the earnings per share contribution from each of our businesses. We reported earnings of $0.77 per share in the second quarter, up $0.09 or 13.2% over the same quarter last year. Year-to-date, we reported earnings per share of $1.23, up $0.10 or 8.8% over the same period last year. For the quarter, the regulated businesses were up $0.08 and the market base businesses were up a penny. Parent which is primarily interest expense on parent debt was flat compared to the same period last year. Turning to Slide 17, let me walk though the components of our quarter-over-quarter increase in earnings per share. The primary driver for earnings growth was in our regulated business, which was up $0.08. Regulated revenue was up $0.10 from authorized rate increases, infrastructure surcharges and the new revenue from recently completed acquisitions and organic growth. O&M expense was down $0.01 per share, this represent continued improved O&M efficiency that Walter discussed and some timing impacts, including a one-time $0.02 benefit from settlement of the general rate case that will be offset during the remainder of the year. Largely offsetting these positive items were higher medical and prescription drug insurance cost of $5 million pre-tax that are managed through our [Aviva Trust (Ph). These higher cost are the result of three items, first we have been managing down the over funded status of our Aviva Trust and this year the funded status went from been overfunded to been fully funded. Second, we are seeing an increase in claims cost; and third which would of our liability based on our claim experience. As I mentioned, the second quarter impact was about $5 million pre-tax or $0.02 per share. For the remainder of the year, we estimate increase in claims will add another $3 million pre-tax, putting the full year increase at about $8 million pre-tax or $0.03 per share. America Water like other employers is challenged by rising healthcare cost and later Susan will discuss actions we are taking to manage this cost going forward. Next interest expense was up a penny and depreciation expense was up about $0.02, both driven by growth associated with our regulated system investment. Moving to our market based businesses, quarterly net income was up $0.01 per share, primarily from a favorable contract dispute settlement of about $3 million pre-tax, which we had expected to receive later this year. Absent this favorable settlement, the market based businesses were relatively flat. Increases in home owner services as well as the acquisition of Keystone last July were largely offset by lower capital upgrades in our military services group. As noted in our first quarter call, we expect lower capital upgrades in 2016 from reduced federal budgets and because these capital upgrades can be lumpy year-over-year. One of the biggest reasons capital upgrades were lower in the second quarter was the wind down of an $85 million three year project at Fort Polk. Let me now cover the regulatory highlights on Slide 18. We currently have six general rate cases and one infrastructure surcharge request in process for a combined annualized rate request of a $113 million. For rates effective from July 1, 2015 through today, we received the total of a $102 million in additional annualized revenues from general rate cases, infrastructure charges and step increases. As you can see on this slide, our requested ROE in our outstanding general rate cases is generally 10.75% to 10.8%, with recent authorization at 9.75% in several of our states. Overall our weighted companywide authorized ROE was 9.9% at the end of this quarter. Looking at the change in ROE over the past three years since 2013, the company’s average authorized ROE has only moved about 10 basis points from a prior average of 10%, and during the same time period our weighted authorized equity ratio increased about 20 basis points. So even with sustained low interest rates over this period, changes in ROE have tended to be slow and gradual. Slide 19 highlights our continued strong financial performance. We made total capital investments of $316 million during the second quarter of 2016 and $552 million year-to-date, primarily for regulated system investments, mainly for the replacement and renewal of transmission and distribution infrastructure. We expect total capital expenditures to be in the $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion range in 2016. Our capital expenditure range was updated to include our pending acquisition. I would also like to point out that the Shorelands acquisition announced yesterday is a stock-for-stock transaction and the maximum number of shares to be exchanged at closing will be less than 500,000 with the final number of shares based upon American Water stock price. We expect to close the transaction in the first quarter of 2017. For the second quarter of 2016 cash flow from operations increased $51 million or about 23% to $271 million mainly due to focused effort on improving the aging of our accounts receivables as well as the timing of account payable and accrued liability. Our adjusted return on equity for the past 12-months was 9.55% an increase of 57 basis points compared to last year from continued execution on our strategies. We also announced in July a $0.375 common stock cash dividend payable on September 1, 2016 to stockholders of record as of August 8, 2016. Turning to Slide 20, we are affirming our 2016 earnings guidance. I would like to point out a few items. First weather impacts in July are expected to be minimal as the hot temperatures across many of our states were also accompanied by rainfall. Second, our year-to-date earnings was strong across the business. However, as I have noted they also include some timing related items including the favorable contract to receive settlement at AWV, which we had expected later in the year, and the $0.02 benefit from settlement of the Missouri rate case that will be offset during the remainder of the year. Third looking forward despite the expected increase in group insurance cost and the headwinds we previously discussed at our military services group in Keystone, we affirm our earnings guidance range of 275 to 285 per share. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before we move on to Q&A I would like to take a couple of minutes to talk about healthcare cost. Like other companies our healthcare cost are going up. This is especially true in utilities for we have been even more pronounced ageing workforce. We are currently partnering with our healthcare and pharmacy providers for better pricing, while strongly promoting a healthy and safe culture to our employees. We continue to promote wellness and help management programs, preventative care screening and education for employees on being thoughtful consumers at healthcare, but were going a step further. Earlier this year, American Water was a founding member with 20 national companies, which you see on the chart to formed a health transformational alliance or HTA. Since the initiatives we have kicked off in February and additional 13 companies have joined the alliance so within now 33 company representing more than 5.5 million people across the country. We are proud to be part of this cutting edge effort. The overall goal of the HTA is to create higher quality care by firs partnering with facilities and positions that have better outcomes, while also aggregating the purchasing power of all of the member companies to get cost down. Additionally, HTA companies will improve our guidance without identifying individual information for better treatment options, better health outcomes and more reasonable and efficient pricing. The HTA is following a similar process for pharmaceutical purchasing and contracting systems. The HTAs efforts have been highlighted recently in several media publications including the Wall Street Journal, Barron’s and the Boston Globe. This is just the start of an exciting collaborative efforts. We will keep you updates as we work with leading companies throughout the United States to improve the quality of healthcare and slow the rising cost for our company, employees, and their family. So, in summary, our year-to-date financial performance reflects the successful execution of our strategies, investing in our system, off riding efficiently, growing our business and remaining stead fast in our commitment to the highest standards of customer service and water quality. And with that, we are happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will now being the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from Ryan Connors with Boenning & Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Ryan Connors: Great, thanks for taking my question. I wanted to talk a little bit about the infrastructure surcharge and the new rates coming on to the P&L and if I read the slides correctly you have got more than $40 million worth of DSIC and other surcharges there. Coming on to the P&L in the first half which puts that DSIC revenue is my calculations are right, upwards somewhere around 1.5% of total consolidated sales, which is a pretty high number relative to the historical average. So can you just talk a little about transitioning those rates across your system from the DSIC and surge charges over the base. as it's becomes the bigger and bigger part of the business, DSIC and surge charges, is that a seamless process or will that create complications that were are not there in a traditional set up of regular general rate case cycle?
Linda Sullivan: Ryan, this is Linda. Thank you for question, great question. This is actually a pretty smooth transition from the DSIC mechanism to general rate cases, because generally these types of mechanisms are really set up for the purpose that we will be able to continue to make these investments in an ongoing basis in our much needed infrastructure upgrades. So that’s really the purpose of that and then they roll into the general rate cases. It also allows us to spread up a time between general rate cases and smoothly impact of our capital investments on our customer rates.
Ryan Connors: Okay. And then I know that most of these DSIC type mechanism actually have a return in equity components to them, is that typically equal to what you expect to receive in a given state when you move from a surge charge over to a base rate?
Linda Sullivan: Typically it is, I mean every state is a little bit different, but typically it's the same.
Ryan Connors: Okay. And ten my other question was little bigger picture in terms of the new fair value legislation, obviously you have the Act 12 in Pennsylvania and Walter you mentioned five different states now. I’m just wondering, whether this is really catching on more broadly, I mean we just have the new summer meetings, I believe Walter you were there. And curious whether that’s something that’s getting a lot of play in the hallways and what not and whether we might see other states move in a similar direction and whether this will maintain a pretty snitch oriented?
Walter Lynch: Yes Ryan, thanks for that question. We are seeing this catching on in many of the states. And you can see that by each of the state adopting it and what it really does is providing a center for municipalities to look to monetize their assets. To be able to provide a fair market data systems and before this we could pretty much only pay original cost minus appreciation and then anything above that was risk for us getting in rate base. It just works for everybody and it is getting a lot traction in each of the states where we operate and you can see that from the slide that we had up there, five of our big states have Fair Market Legislation.
Susan Story: And Ryan, so the driver for this just like Walter and Linda said, the reason that this is for water is because there is a recognition that with every increasing infrastructure needs, every increasing retirement, smallest distance increase in water quality standard. There is a general concern, do we have the ability to meet the need of water and wastewater system. And Public Service Commissions also are residents of the state they are in. So even if in many states municipalities are regular about the PSCs. The recognition of water and wastewater challenges is shared by everyone. So we do find in many of our states, vacations are concerned about water quality, water issue along with their governmental institute. And the whole point here is to offer optionality to municipalities so that whatever works for them and their citizens they have the options to do, and Fair Market Legislation just helps us that whole situation.
Ryan Connors: That’s very helpful thank you. And then one just last quick one is Walter you mentioned the Scranton acquisition, wanted to close that by the end of September. Is that pretty much buttoned up now or are there any lingering issues that could actually complicate that regulatory approval?
Walter Lynch: Well Ryan, we are working towards closing by September 30 and we will continue to work with the city on that.
Ryan Connors: Okay, thanks for your time.
Susan Story: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: Our next question is from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please go ahead.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning.
Susan Story: Hi Shah.
Shahriar Pourreza: Apologize if this was asked already, I had to hop on a little bit late. But so on the Fair Value Legislation, Susan, is there any other states you are thinking about where we could see some sort of passage? And I’m thinking more like Illinois or New York, is there any opportunities there?
Susan Story: Actually Illinois was the first, when you look at the Fair Market Legislation at least in our service area it started with Illinois legislation, they were among the first to do that. The general question though is, I think today as you continue to see water and wastewater systems under distress across the country. This is a very viable solution that enables municipalities to benefit from water utilities like us and others to benefit and to solve - the main thing is to solve a problem for the citizens out there who are depending on the best water quality. But also you have communities around the country who are doing an amazing job first of all, they have all of these different priorities. They have to provide for schools and for roads, and for parks, and you know the responsibilities that these municipalities have is so long and as we know a lot of the Federal funds aren’t there anymore that were there during the 70s and 80s and even 90s, and because they are trying the very best they can to serve the systems of their communities. So where it makes sense and this is an option for them and they choose to put their systems up for sale, you know having this type of legislation takes an obstacle away from that. In the past we have had situations where a municipality or governmental entity wanted to sell a system we wanted to buy it but because of the way things work between the book value and what were able to put in a rate base that wasn't considered premium it's stopped a lot of deals before they ever took place. So I think this is an effort by state to have a win-win situation but at the end of the day the people in those communities need to be better off and the municipalities are able then to provide the critical services that they are responsible for.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. That's helpful. Then just around obviously there hasn't been any issues growing, and you have got organic opportunities, you have got acquisitions opportunities. But when you think about the next leg of growth, is there sort of where we at with storm water? And is that something we can see as a potential driver of that growth maybe next year or the year after?
Susan Story: I think that is a big open question right now Shar, I think one of the things we know is that on some of the military installations where we served water and wastewater a question has come up about storm water so that we provide services for the whole water cycle. So that's really the immediate issue that we are looking at and clarifying in Washington in terms of the role of storm water in the privatization legislation which by the way is actually there. So I think it's one of those that as the entire country looks at water supply challenges and we look at the entire water cycle. It's not you know in the past we tend to say it's the drinking water, it's storm water, it's sewer water where you have drought situations, where you have the need and we need to promote water recycling reuse, we are going to start everyone looking at the whole cycle. So I think it's very early in this space to do that, but it's something because it's part of the water cycle that we have to look at.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it, it's helpful. And then just lastly on Keystone, obviously you reiterated the earnings neutral and I think I would assume cash flow positive up until the second quarter, but obviously do you highlighted that drilling activities to pick up a little bit and you sounded a little bit more constructive. So if we cannot continue with the fundamental we are seeing right now on joining your activity, is it something that is there the opportunity to look at that earnings profile this year or is it or it's too late in the year to revisit that mutual status.
Susan Story: Shar what we know so we like to base our guidance on what we know. So market conditions have stabilized we know that and they have began slightly improve so we have seen some increases as rig count currently pricing as you all know and some customers have risen completion and drilling activity, but were looking at capital spending, how much of it we will hit at the end of this year versus 2017. So I think it's really a timing issue that we are looking at. So what we want to do is to look over the next few months to look at how that had stabilized, what that means for 2016 versus 2017. But the good news, as you said is that we are starting to see activity, it is nice spread, we are starting to see our growth in market share. The last we had shared with you before this call was about 30% we are now seeing about 35% with some of the smaller players have fallen by the [indiscernible] during they really tough times. So our customers are steady, we are not seeing any further deferrals of completion activities, we are picking up some new customers but we just need to monitor over the next few months and see what we have got.
Shahriar Pourreza: Excellent, thanks and congrats.
Susan Story: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Verdi with Ladenburg. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: Hi good morning everyone. Congrats on another nice quarter and thank you for taking my call. My first question kind of is a follow-up on Ryan's question about the DSIC. I had asked it to [indiscernible] on their Q1 call. And so in early Q2 I had a conversation with one of the more prominent members in [indiscernible]. He told me that the consumer advocates are basically we are looking conveniently push back on the DSIC and similar surcharges in other states. Because the group kind of feels that DSIC is being abused for one filing after the next. And so I'm wondering if America Waters hearing this expecting it and if so I'm wondering how it could impact the company's strategy?
Susan Story: Well Rich I'm not going to comment on this because they need to speak for themselves, but I will tell you from our standpoint, in fact here is what we know. there is a recognitions by the EPA throughout the country about the infrastructure needs that we have in the United States. Our plans are very open in our state, and our DSIC in any of our infrastructure surcharge we present plan, we also go in who we have either quarterly sometimes semi-annually filing where there is a close monitoring of the projects we are working on, what we are spending. In addition to our O&M efficiency at least for American Water we also have several efforts in terms of capital efficiency. And what are we doing not only to spend every O&M dollar, but are we doing to show that we are actually even improving how we spend every capital dollar, because for us it's this situation. We are faced with years of investment, we want to be as efficient with every dollar as we can possibly be, because that needs we can put more on the ground, not in impact to customer bills and to be able to get the infrastructure replaced more quickly which still is a decade going issue. So that one thing we know. I will also tell you with the recent I'll say attention to water quality issues in a time when you have infrastructure, but you also have emerging water quality issues and we have seen what happened in different parts of the country when we don’t invest in infrastructure. I’m not sure that there is risk that we are willing to take.
Richard Verdi: Great thank you Susan. That’s perfect. And then another question I have. I want to focus the rest of the questions on the Non-Reg segment. This kind of follows-up also on the last caller's inquiry. When you had laid it out to him, I just wanted to get some clarity though about the - let's call it, cautiously optimistic Q3 and Q4 for Keystone. I mean Oil is expected to pull back because of seasonality in late Q3 and into Q4. A lot of these guys go on vacation because of weather around Thanksgiving time and drilling activity dries up. So I’m assuming you are optimistic, because Q2 was probably strong and Q3 probably followed that strength, but what keeps you cautious? Is that seasonality potential for an oil pull back keeping you cautious, or are you now seeing customer indications where they are keeping you cautious on Q3? I am just looking for a little more clarity on that.
Susan Story: Sure, so first of all, understand that our Keystone executive and management spend a lot of time with our customers. We share with them and they share with us some of their plans or drilling plans. So the cautiousness is not really related to timing of holidays or vacations. You are talking about an E&P industry that’s extremely cautious because of what they have gone through the past 18 months. So you don’t have people that have gone from being so far down to think we are going to pull it out the stock and ramp everything up immediately. They have a cautiousness, so we have cautiousness. And it is a testing of the waters. The foundations are becoming stronger with the natural gas prices, I think NYMEX closed yesterday at $2.84, for example, just in April it was a $1.90 per million BTUs. We are starting see better pricing as the supply has been drawn down because of the heat across the country in this summer. We are starting to see some activities where people had not been doing drilling and now they are, we are starting to see some more drilling rigs come up. So our cautiousness is the timing. It is the spacing, it is how quickly we will see this come up, how quickly we will see the supply that basically is being drown and being replenished. What are the forecasts for the winter months, how cold will the winter be. So we try to base looking at objective, third-party data like, price projections, like drilling projections we look at all of that, then we also look at our internal discussions we have with our customers and what their are drilling plans are. So the cautiousness is what you don't want for people to flip back and forth to say, it's not good, it's great, it's not. We just want to be very cautious as we look at the ramp up in the continuing string of the natural gas drilling markets and make sure that we are very careful in how we look at that emergence.
Richard Verdi: Great. That's excellent color. Thank you, Susan. And then staying on the Keystone here, it is in the Appalachian footprint, it is in the Marcellus and it is in the Utica. So I’m curious, given market share the 35% market share you shared which I’m very thankful for. In what basin do they focus on more over the others, is it the Marcellus or is it the Utica?
Susan Story: You know really it's both, so they are so close, I mean basically it's three state its Pennsylvania, it's Ohio and it's West Virginia. And of course the formations are beside each other and also importantly as we mentioned on the first quarter call, you know Shell has announced that they are going to build a cracker plant there south of Pittsburgh, which is right in the heart of where the Marcellus and Utica and some of the formations are very close together. So we are excited about that, because what that will do is if they start construction as they have said in 2018 and finish in 2020, you are talking about even more valuable natural gas drilling where you can get the NGLs along with the natural gas. So we just see that area and the intersection between Utica and Marcellus being very rich. The fact is we know that it is the cheapest to drill, for the drillers and it also requires a good bit of water, because of the depth of the formation. So we think that's the right place to be and we've been asking. Also at this point we are not interested in going into other formations, because we think that the Utica and Marcellus is where we have the most key areas for production growth in the future.
Richard Verdi: Okay. That actually helped answer my next question then. And then of that 35%, does Keystone work with Ontario Resources?
Susan Story: We do, we have right now I believe in this space somewhere between 22 and 27 different customers.
Richard Verdi: Okay that's helpful. And I guess the last question is this. When I think of the Marcellus, there are 10 rigs there. Six of them are Ontario Resources, which then means that their midstream arm who has a water business, that that water business is going to the midstream arm. And so then there is the four other guys there, and then the Utica there is only one Ontario Resource rig there, and of the 13 remaining they are all other players. And so of those other players - I understand that oil prices are supposed to decline because of seasonality. But they are also expect to decline following that. And in addition to that, if you look at any upstream player, they are all counting about how they are expecting to use - I think they were using something like 1,500 pounds of sand per lateral or somewhere around there. And it is expected to go up to 2,000. And so I’m wondering if there is a potential to expand and capture more business in the Utica because it is open there? And then two, that increased sand it means increased needs for water there. So are you guys factoring that into your figures, and if so, how much of a positive impact? Because a year ago, that was a 1,000 pounds and now we are talking doubling that. So I mean that could be really meaningful for American Water.
Susan Story: Well a couple of things so Rich, in recent weeks the drill count has been about 36 in the Appalachian Basin and we are all natural gas by the way, we do very little to no support for oil actually for us it's mostly natural gas so that's one. Second thing you are exactly right, what we are finding is that in order to more efficiently utilize wells that have already been drilled, they are looking at higher pressure more sand, which does require more water, you are exactly right. But those changes in the market and the efficiency are things that our folks at Keystone work closely with customers in terms of estimates of how much water we need. So you are right, there is changes, that's one of the reasons that the whales have become so much more efficient is they are doing the second third frac and they are also putting a lot more sand and lot more pressure with the sane when they go to those second and third fracs. So you are exactly right. I would tell you there is a couple of other things we are involved in and one of them is we are working with a couple of customers on some automated pumping that really is not pretty standard right now. So we consistently look at working the A&P on how to make the production more efficient, how to get the most they can out of each individual well and to make sure that we are solutions provider on everything around water and water services.
Richard Verdi: Fantastic, and then thank you for that Susan that's great color. And then the very last question and I'll jump out and I'm taking up a lot of time. Last quarter I had asked Susan I think this is a great move on American Waters part, you know so I had asked this if American Water with the smart metering initiative that we are trying to team up with the electric companies, the user infrastructure and you have given some great color. I was just wondering if there is any sort of update on that if there has been anymore progress what have can you, just some color if there is an update?
Susan Story: Yes, we actually have an AMI team that we are working throughout the company to come up with a roll out unlike electric the water bills or so much like it's a business. Of course, we are looking at the ability to be able to justify them economically. One of the good things is we are seen a lot better technology with the meters that will allow us to actually put in AMR meters that we can then do software upgrade to actually make them AMI meters which is good. We continue to work with some electric utilities on utilizing some of the same back haul infrastructure, so that our customers don’t have to double the cost of those investments, we are working with Edison ComEd in Chicago area as well as there is a couple of other utilities that have expressed an interest. And we were very excited about that, because it's really as the win, win to our customers where we put in a water meter. But the one reason that does push us to do AMI is interestingly still a lot of water meters across our footprint are in people's homes. So the ability to put in AMI that we don’t have to actually send people out to peoples' homes. Instead of times to go into their home, is the real not just a efficiency improvement, but also a customer satisfaction improvement. So we are taking all of those factors, we have got a plan in place to roll out AMI over the next few years and where we can partner with electric utilities to offset some of that cost for our customers we are all for it.
Richard Verdi: That's great. Thank you, Susan, and congrats again on the success this quarter and moving forward. I appreciate the time, it's great color.
Susan Story: Thanks Rich.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder: Hey, good morning all. I will try to be quick since this call has been extended a little bit recently. Could you give us an update on the military base RFP process? Obviously, your main competitor was awarded a pretty large base here recently, if you could just kind of say maybe what happened there on your end. And do you get the sense that any new bases are on the verge of being awarded?
Susan Story: Okay that's a great question, Jonathan thanks. It's that as we look at the military bases, there are several RFPs that are outstanding from the timely do and initial bid, it can be underground from three to five years before bases are awarded and we do have several outstanding bids. Again, we only bid on those basis that the 50 years contract value is from $250 million and above, because for us the normal base is - with the cost of bidding an all that. So you are correct. The last one that was awarded was Eglin, and we did bid on it and American States Water did win that one and we are taking our lesson learned and seeing what we could do better next time. We do think that we know that there are others in the process, several we have already bid on, others that we think will come out for bid. It's an ongoing process and so we are just looking to get better every time we make a bid.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So no anticipation necessarily of any announcements in second half of the year at this point?
Susan Story: We don’t foresee any announcements in the second half of the year. With that said however, one never know. So when you got a bid out there, that’s going to out there for couple of three years depending on the particular installation and where the Department of Defense is. So it's very difficult to predict, but at this point we don’t foresee any further rewards this year, but we could be wrong.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great. And then, Walter, did you say the Illinois infrastructure surcharge changes removes the total cap in terms of how much revenues can increase under the program between rate cases?
Walter Lynch: Yes, that’s right. It removes the cap of 5% between rate cases and it's allows us to increase rate no more than 3.5% a year. And it also includes a number of other things that we can invest in and get recovery not just pipes. So it was very favorable for the industry.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So a 3.5% annual cap, how does that impact the frequency of rate cases in the state for you now? Kind of stretch it out a couple more years given the broader application and the 3.5% annual cap?
Walter Lynch: It could lead to that, I mean we are going to continue work on our capital program to invest wisely within our systems and if that extends the rate cases that’s great, but we are going to continue to invest per our capital management program.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Do you think it expands the overall CapEx budget in the state, where it moved the needle at all on the consolidated budget going forward or too soon to say?
Walter Lynch: Yes, it's really too soon say, but it is favorable for us to continue to invest again at timely recovery. We will consider that as we are working for our capital plan for the next five years.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then last question, and I think I already know the answer. But I guess year-to-date, weather hasn't really had a meaningful impact. Is that correct?
Susan Story: Jonathan that is correct. We have looked at the weather impacts through July across all of our state, and although we did see more heat in those states and hot weather, it was offset by also having rainfall in those areas as well.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay, great thanks so much for the time this morning.
Susan Story: Thanks Jonathan.
Walter Lynch: Thanks.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you.
Greg Panagos: Operator, I think that’s concludes our question-and-answer session for this morning.
Operator: Yes. I would like to turn the call back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Well, thanks everybody for participating on our call today and as always if you have any questions, please give Greg or Melissa a call. They will be happy to help. We want to thank everybody for participating, look forward to see you in November. And thank goodness in one month, football season starts. So everybody have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-05 08:25:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations Web site. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 12, 2016 by dialoging 412-317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10084204. The online archive of the webcast will be available through June 06, 2016 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the Company's Web site located at www.amwater.com. After today’s presentation there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Again please note today’s event is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Greg Panagos, Vice President-Investor Relations. Mr. Panagos, you may begin.
Greg Panagos: Thank you, Jamie. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for today's call. We will keep the call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answer to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements to represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors is provided in the earnings release and in our 2015 Form 10-Q each as filed with the SEC. I encourage you to read our Form 10-Q for a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information. Also reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call including adjusted return on equity and our O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call which is located at the Investor Relations page of the Company Web site as well as our earnings release. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question-and-answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share from continuing operations and now, I will turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the first quarter financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our regulated business. The employees of American Water delivered strong results in the first quarter 2016 through the continued execution of our strategy, these strategies include, building constructed regulatory relationships through transparency, providing excellent service to our customers, growing our businesses, and continuing to become even more efficient in our operations, to ensure affordability for our customers. As you can see on Slide 6, we’re off to a solid start in 2016. We reported operating revenues of $743 million, a 6.4% increase above first quarter 2015. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.46 per share to the first quarter a 4.5% increase above first quarter 2015. Turning now to Slide 7, let me just discuss a few highlights of our strategy execution, as you know the foundation for our earnings growth is the capital investments we make in our regulated operations, to provide clean, safe, and reliable service to our customers. Capital investment through March 31, 2016, totaled about 236 million with 202 million in our regulated infrastructure investments. We plan to invest 1.3 billion to 1.4 billion this year of which 1.2 billion will be dedicated to water and wastewater system improvement. We're able to make these needed investments while minimizing our customer bill impact by our continued focus on controlling O&M cost and through constructive regulatory mechanisms. Walter will talk more about these in just a moment. We had excellent growth news during the first quarter, a special highlight with our announced acquisition agreement with the Scranton Sewer Authority. Our Pennsylvania employees have provided water service to this community for decades and we're excited for the opportunity to be the future wastewater services provider to those 31,000 customers in Scranton and Dunmore. We also closed seven acquisitions in six different states during the quarter, welcoming another 7,000 customers to the American Water footprint. Walter will also share with you an exciting announcement from just last night which will add 3,100 more new customers. Moving to our market based businesses. In February we began providing water and wastewater services to the City of Camden New Jersey through our contract services group. We already serve a portion of Camden through our regulated New Jersey American Water subsidiary and we're excited to serve the rest of that community. Camden will also be the home of our future corporate headquarters later this decade. We continue transition activities at Vandenberg Air Force Base and we look forward to serving our country's fine military men and women and their families there beginning June the 1st. This is our 12th military contract which we announced towards the end of last year. We do see a few challenges this year in American Water Enterprises or AWE and Keystone Clearwater. Earnings were flat in AWE compared to the first quarter of last year mainly because we accelerated $1.5 million in homeowner services’ marketing cost into the first quarter of this year. The first quarter results in our military services group were up compared to the same period last year. But we expect federal budgetary constraint to impact planned future capital upgrade projects for the remainder of 2016. That said, we are seeing significantly more bases in the RSP pipeline for privatization. We continue to believe in the long-term growth potential of this business segment. Keystone continues to manage through the current challenging market, characterized by low natural gas prices and excess supply. These conditions have persisted longer and been more severe than we originally anticipated and discussed with you at our Investor Day on December 15th, when we shared that we believe that Keystone would be accretive to earnings in 2016. However, through a sharp focus on cost management as well as continuing to expand our customer market share in Appalachian Basin we expect that Keystone will be earnings neutral and cash flow positive for us in 2016. The energy information administration and many industry experts are predicting decreasing natural gas supply by late fall and increasing prices later this year and into 2017 and our own analysis tracks with these projections. We believe our business model, growing market share and solid balance sheet for the business will be a competitive advantage for us as the market recovers and other water services providers have found it difficult to survive. We're committed to Keystone and still believe is the good strategic fit for us going forward. As Slide 8 summarizes, we continue to make progress toward achieving our near and long-term goal based on the results for the quarter, we affirm our 2016 guidance of 2.75 to 2.85 per share. We also continue our progress toward achieving our long-term goal of 7% to 10% EPS growth through 2020. Based on our solid performance our Board of Directors increased our quarterly cash dividend payments by 10.3% from $0.34 to $0.375 per share in April. This is our fourth consecutive double-digit increase in dividend. This also continues our commitment to provide strong dividend growth aligned with our financial performance while also providing needed investment in our system for the benefit of our customers and our community. With that Walter will now give you his update.
Walter Lynch: Thanks, Susan. Good morning everyone. As Susan mentioned, we are off to a solid start in 2016, growing our customer base, continuing our commitment to investing in our infrastructure, while focusing on improved O&M efficiency and cost reductions to mitigate the rate impacts for our customers. In recognition to the investments we make to ensure clean, safe and reliable service, we received the rate order in West Virginia during the quarter, reflecting an annual revenue increase of $18.3 million. The main driver of the request was the $167 million we've invested since 2012. Key to this investment is our continued commitment to manage expenses. We reduced operations and maintenance expenses by $1.1 million compared to our last rate filing which was about four years ago. This past week, we filed a request for a DSIC style mechanism in West Virginia known as an infrastructure replacement program or IRP. IRP has modeled after rate mechanisms recently afforded gas utilities in West Virginia, if approved the IRP would begin on January 01, 2017. Our commitment to investment in infrastructure while focusing on customer affordability is clear in the cases filed during the first quarter. In Illinois we invested $342 million since 2012 and reduced operating expenses by 3%. In Kentucky we invested almost $79 million since 2012, while keeping our operating expenses flat. We also filed three other rate cases since the end of the quarter. In Iowa and New York we requested an additional $13.6 million in combined annualized revenue. In California, we filed a proposed application to set new rates in each of our service areas for 2018 through 2020. The new rates would take effect January 01, 2018 pending approval by the California Public Utilities Commission. The application is seeking to raise revenue by approximately $50 million over the next three years beginning with a $34.8 million increase proposed for January 01, 2018. The California Public Utilities Commission which is the lead agency for the environmental review of the desalination portion of the water supply project has informed us that the review is delayed for about a year. Our team in California along with public officials and many other stakeholders is working with the commission to mitigate the impacts of this delay. Following our request the commission issued a ruling agreeing to expedite its consideration of two other portions of the water supply portfolio, which includes groundwater replenishment and aquifer storage and recovery. And together these projects will provide nearly half of the water needed in the Monterey water district. Finally as part of our ongoing investment in our systems, we dedicated a new $18 million dewatering facility in Tennessee. This plant will reduce sludge effluent sent to the local sewage treatment plant by 95%. While the capital cost of this facility impacted rates about $1 a month for the typical Chattanooga water customer, the project reduces operating expenses and has added a couple of permanent jobs. It also provided 150 to 200 jobs during construction. As you can see on Slide 11, those benefits were recognized by City Council Chairman Moses Freeman who said “this is proof positive that these rate increases are improving the water for our people. All of this is for the betterment of our water and the community”. On Slide 12, you will see the success we've had in working with state governments and legislation enabling solutions to water and wastewater challenges. In Pennsylvania this past April, the governor signed fair market value legislation into law. This authorizes water and wastewater companies to pay for and earn on municipal water and wastewater systems at appraised value rather than at the depreciated costs. In Indiana, the governor signed two pieces of legislation into law Act 257, the Distressed Water and Wastewater Utilities Act allows for water and wastewater systems of any size to qualify as distressed. This opens the appraisal process to a simple agreement between Mayor or council and the perspective buyer, and the utility determined to be distressed will not be subject to the existing referendum laws. The second piece of legislation signed into law was the System Integrity Adjustment Act. This act creates the first water and wastewater revenue stability mechanism in state history, allowing for a recovery of differences between authorized revenue and actual revenue. As you can see on Slide 13 during the first quarter, we closed on seven acquisitions in six states, welcoming approximately 7,000 new water and wastewater customer. As Susan mentioned, we're pleased to reach an agreement with the Scranton Sewer Authority. This is the perfect example of the type of solution we can bring to communities, with long-term rate stability being one of the most important benefits for our customers. In fact the cumulative savings in customer sewer bills would total more than $350 million over the next 30 years. This translates to approximately $7,600 per residential customer, a pending regulatory and environmental approval as we anticipate closing this acquisition by September 30th. Additionally, Pennsylvania American Water just announced that we signed an agreement pending regulatory approval to acquire the wastewater system of the Borough of New Cumberland. This system serves 3,100 customers again this system is an area where we already provide water services so we're really excited about the opportunity to be a future provider of wastewater services for our New Cumberland customers. You can also see on this slide how legislative efforts are helping us to provide water solutions across our footprint. Moving to Slide 14, we continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio, achieving 35.6% for the last 12 months. Again we're on track to meet our O&M efficiency target of 34% by 2020. So let me give you a couple of examples of what we're doing to drive these results. The first example is in Illinois where we’re using geographic information systems or GIS to map key components of our systems. This work improved our hydrant and valve inspection program by removing the overlapping routes and reducing travel time and fuel costs. In one district alone, we're able to cut annual travel distance by more than 5,500 miles. The GIS mapping information is also used to better identify and prioritize areas to invest capital by locating areas more prone to main breaks, we can maintain our systems while minimizing costs. The second example is in West Virginia, where our team has deployed new technology and practices to reduce unaccounted for water. By investing in a new leak detection system and utilizing a number of management tools such as industrial side audits and district metering area analysis, we identified specific areas for corrective actions. These efforts have reduced unaccounted for water from 28% to 22% in a 12 month period, reducing the amount of unaccounted treated water by 1 billion gallons during that period. These are just two examples of what we're doing to achieve this target. It’s a great effort across the business and it’s all about bringing value to our customers. And now I’ll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our first quarter financial results.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter and good morning everyone. In the first quarter of 2016, American Water continued to deliver solid financial results. Slide 16 shows the contribution by business segment to our quarterly results. Earnings per share from continuing operations for the first quarter, was $0.46 up $0.02 or 4.5% over the same period last year. The regulated business contributed $0.49 up $0.04 compared to the first quarter of 2015. The market based businesses contributed $0.03, down a penny compared to the same period last year. With AWE coming in flat compared to the prior year and Keystone coming in with a slight loss. Parent which is primarily interest expense on parent debt was as expected down $0.01 versus the same period last year. Turning to Slide 17, let me walk though the components of our quarter-over-quarter increase in earnings per share, the primary driver was our regulated business, which was up $0.04. Regulated revenue was up $0.06 from authorized rate increases, infrastructure surcharges and the new revenue from recently completed acquisitions. Depreciation was up about $0.02 primarily from growth associated with our regulated system investments. The market based businesses were down $0.01 for the quarter. Keystone, which was not included in first quarter 2015 results, reported a net loss of about $1 million or $0.01 per share. As Susan mentioned, natural gas market conditions are more challenging than we anticipated at the start of this year, the rate count in the Marcellus and Utica is about half of what it was last year. As a result we’re not planning for drilling activity to pick up in 2016, and Keystone has taken austerity measures which began in early March to position it to be earnings neutral in 2016 and we expect Keystone to generate positive operating cash flow. AWE was flat for the quarter due to accelerating 1.5 million of pre-tax marketing expenses in our Homeowner Services Group to the first quarter. We accelerated these expenses because of a planned system implementation in July. Military services results were up for the quarter but we expect a reduction in the amount of capital upgrade on our existing bases in 2016, due to reduce military base budget. As we’ve noted previously these capital upgrades can be lumpy in nature from year-to-year based on the Department of Defense budget cycle. However we’re seeing stronger activity for base privatization request for proposal and we continue to see the long-term growth potential of our military business consistent with our five year plan. Now let me cover the regulatory highlight on Slide 18, we currently have six general rate cases in process for a combined annualized rate request of 110.6 million. This includes three cases we filed post quarter in Iowa, New York and the preliminary application in California. Additionally in April, the Missouri PSC approved the stipulations in our general rate case. These provide for 4.7 million of additional revenue, which excludes infrastructure replacement surcharges of 25.8 million. This case is subject to final order by the Missouri PSC. For rates effective from April 01, 2015 through today we received a total of 82.8 million in additional annualized revenues from general rate cases, infrastructure charges and step increases, including yesterday’s approval of our DSIC filing in Indiana of 3 million. More information is included in the footnotes on this slide. Slide 19, highlights our continued strong financial performance. During the first quarter of 2016, we made total capital investments of 236 million, primarily for regulated system investments mainly replacement and renewal of transmission and distribution infrastructure. We expect capital expenditures to be at a 1.3 billion to 1.4 billion range for 2016, included in this range is our agreement to purchase the wastewater system from Scranton Sewer Authority. We’re seeking to close this by September 30, 2016 once the necessary approvals are obtained. The purchase price of 195 million includes cash of approximately 38 million and is subject to purchase price adjustments. As part of the acquisition, we have assumed the obligations to comply with the consent decree from the EPA and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection requiring system upgrades of 140 million over 10 years, providing future capital growth potential. For the first quarter 2016 cash flow from operations increased 49 million or 24.7% to about 247 million, mainly due to stronger collection of accounts receivable and the timing of unbilled revenues. Our adjusted return on equity for the past 12 months was 9.41% an increase of 53 basis points compared to last year from continued execution of our strategies. We also announced in April a $0.375 common stock dividend payable on June 01, 2016 to stockholders of record as of May 09, 2016. This represents a 10.3% increase over the previous dividend. Turning to Slide 20, let me discuss our earnings guidance. The headwinds we are currently facing in our market based businesses fall within the key variables of the earnings guidance range we shared with you at our Investor Day in December of last year. In addition, we are taking appropriate measures to mitigate some of these headwinds. As such, we are affirming our earnings guidance for the year in the range of 2.75 to 2.85 per share. And with that I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before we move on to Q&A I do want to mention that we were honored to be named to the S&P 500 on March the 04th. We're proud to be the only water utility in the S&P 500 as well as in the Dow Jones utility average which we joined in 2015. Additionally, in recognition of our environmental and sustainability leadership, we are also very pleased to be part of the Dow Jones sustainability index. To be named to the S&P 500 is a direct reflection of our employees’ commitment to deliver clean, safe, reliable and affordable water to customers every day. Our employees put our customers first. This results in a more positive constructive relationship with both customers and regulators. When regulators can trust our efforts to serve customers efficiently and effectively, they have confidence in our ability to invest productively in our water systems. Investing more in our water systems gives us more reliable service, better satisfied customers and growth. If this virtuous cycle that begins and ends with the employee customer relationship, the successful execution of this equation is what drives our performance. The actions of our employees every day are the reason American Water is part of the S&P 500, the Dow Jones utility average and the Dow Jones sustainability index and I am proud to be part of their team. And with that we're happy to take any questions you have got.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Walter Liptak from Seaport Global. Please go ahead with your question.
Walter Liptak: I want to ask about the market based businesses and specifically Keystone, it looks like market base was nicely profitable this quarter and so I assume that the Keystone was profitable as well but I wonder, what is it about the rest of the year that brings it down to breakeven?
Susan Story: Well, actually if you look at the charts Walter and Linda mentioned that in the first quarter we had a $1 million loss at Keystone that starting the 1st of March, they have taken on several austerity measures to get back to the earnings neutral and cash flow positive for the rest of the year. So actually we're mitigating what happened in the first quarter and moving to earnings neutral for Keystone. On AWE we basically, if you look at the chart that Linda ended with, it’s within the realm of plus and minus as we look last year at Investor Day and projected the growth of AWE. So, it's -- the business is running well also Linda mentioned if you look at AWE being year-over-year quarter being flat, we did accelerate some of the homeowner services marketing cost because we have a system implementation in July and we didn't want to have marketing materials and what we tend to get our extra calls during a period of time when we were doing that. So actually, we're pretty much on our plan as we've looked at AWE and Keystone based on the actions that we've taken in the first quarter.
Walter Liptak: Okay, that sounds good.
Linda Sullivan: Walter I -- this is Linda and I'll add to that, that in terms of the military services group for the quarter we were slightly up on a year-over-year basis but we do see headwinds associated with the capital future upgrades for the remainder of the year based on the military service or the Department of Defense budget.
Walter Liptak: But just going back to Keystone, $1 million loss doesn't sound bad considering the deep depression that the energy sector is in and it's great to be able to get it back to breakeven and I guess, there seems like there is a lot more consolidation opportunity in this business as some of the providers go into distress or market share gains as you called out. I wonder, if you could provide us with a little bit of outlook about any potential M&A or market share gains that I'm sure you're seeing as a very strong player in that energy business?
Susan Story: Right, Walter. So let me talk about the water services providers first because Keystone and we mentioned they had about 20% of the market share when we bought them and due to being affiliated with American Water not owned by a competitor E&P company, we did start seeing market share grow up to now close to 30%, we picked up several new large customers this year. So while the market has gone down from an E&P, our share of that market for water services has gone up, just like the industry experts EIA are basically targeting fall to see the supply numbers based on some projections for the summer going down and having to increase production, we see the same thing based on our discussions with our customers. So -- but we're very conservative in our outlook and our projections, so as Linda mentioned in her script, we're assuming no increase in production through the year and looking at cost controls for Keystone that include about that 80% of our cost can be variable, we're looking at a lot of process improvements, we continue to grow market share. And you're exactly right we're seeing some of the smaller water services providers who simply can't make it through this year, it's very difficult when you don't have a strong of a balance sheet as we do not have a growing customer segment for those water services. So our Keystone management team has done an outstanding job as you noted in a time like this with a market like this to get us to the position we're in and we're very proud of them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Verdi from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead with your question.
Richard Verdi: I kind of wanted to follow up on the first caller’s inquiry pertaining you had two questions here with first pertaining to the Keystone side. I am just curious are you guys seeing any sort of or maybe customer bankruptcies on the horizon or having to enforce any of those take-or-pay contracts or what's the sense of that customer base because when I look at some of the other companies that are somewhat similar you're seeing that happen?
Susan Story: Yes, well first of all when we bought Keystone. They did not invest in a lot of pipeline those are relatively new for the future of building pipelines and we're ensuring there are strong third party creditors the credit worthy partners there. So don't really have the take-or-pay exposure now so that's good, but you're right what we're seeing and you all read the papers everyday you have bankruptcies as some of the smaller E&Ps and you're seeing a consolidation in the oil and gas industry. And let me remind you that in the Marcellus and Utica the Appalachian basin basically all of our support is for nature gas, it is not for oil. And we are also seeing to that effect the consolidation of the oil and gas companies we’re also seeing that they want credit worthy partners so to have a larger water services backed by a company like American Water is very attractive to some of our partners. Also keep in mind that you have to build an infrastructure for water before you need it or before you actually start producing natural gas. So we're seeing some interest express later in the year to start some projects.
Richard Verdi: And then continuing on the non-regulated side, you guys want to keep it somewhat of the smaller portion compared to the overall consolidated company but obviously with the water theme and the prowess of American Water that regulated side is going to at least in our view meaningfully grow over the next 5 to 10 years. And so that needs are going to probably have to grow the non-regulated side to keep it consistent with its time percentage of overall sales. And so what is the internal thinking of let's say over the next 5 to 10 years for the non-regulated side where American Water might dive into that is still the core water competency but expands that non-regulated side or do we tend to grow what we have in the portfolio right now?
Susan Story: Well Rich that's a good question. First of all let me tell you that dealing with faster regulated growth is a problem that we sincerely hope that we have, and as we said that 15% to 20% that's more of a limitation not a target, so if the regulated business, if we see that through things that are happening nationally that there is an acceleration in the number of governmental entities that want to sell their water and wastewater. And people have been saying this for a long time, we see it very steady, legislation helps, if that happens it doesn't mean we necessarily must ensure that market base is 15% to 20%, it's more of a limiter that from a risk profile standpoint. It will not be more than that. That does not mean it has to be that percentage, so I'll say that upfront. Now in terms of growing the business, so we believe at American Water that there is enough opportunity related very tightly to our core competency that we like to keep our growth engines related pre-directly to water and wastewater. So I will tell you that as we look at our businesses and market base, we are looking at of course our homeowner services, military contract, we look at any potential new business and say does this really play off our competencies because our market based business benefit because of the tremendous amount of expertise in our regulated business. It also helps our regulated business by bringing in a lot of competitive entrepreneurial type ways to look at things. So we think it's a very healthy relationship. We go through a very disciplined process to look at new businesses. Just as one example and this is public, we're very excited about the pilot project we did on geothermal on Long Island at a school where geothermal has been around for decades but it is always utilized ground as the heat transfer agent. And you have to have pipes for example if they are vertical 250 feet in the ground or horizontally, you need a lot of land. We're basically using our water main system to be the agent and it's not having effects on the water and it’s able to heat and cool building through geothermal system. While we know that our military bases is another cross connection between our businesses, several of our military bases or all of them are under a eventually a net zero charge from an energy standpoint, this type of technology can save 30%, 40%, 50% on energy cost, so we’re looking at those areas that we have expertise, that we are aligned with that have really good applications, as we look at different ways to grow in the market based business.
Richard Verdi: And then my next question pertains to the metering side of things. Obviously smart metering is an initiative that American has pursuing and I’m wondering if there is a possibility where instead of building out some of the infrastructure that would be required for smart metering if you've ever thought if American, I should say has ever thought about sharing the same infrastructure with the electricity companies to save on costs?
Susan Story: Well actually it’s interesting, you bring that up, we actually are doing some sharing in two locations in the Monterey Peninsula where of course we have the conservation measures and drought we have a pilot in Monterey that we are partnering Pacific Gas & Electric to use their backhaul system use water meters, smart water meters, use their backhaul system to actually look at the data. We just announced about two months ago, that we’re partnering with Commonwealth Edison ComEd we serve parts of metro Chicago and we are actually partnering with them to utilize a different type of smart meter technology, to again utilize some of their backhaul infrastructure, how this is a win-win, is that in our business as we’ve said one of the strong parts of our investment thesis, is that we have years and years of capital investment we need to make, because of the system nationally the water and wastewater infrastructure system, so for or us to say, we’ll put in the meters and the electricity company may already have some backhaul capability there from their smart meters, then where we can partner and utilize some of that infrastructure, it’s great for customers and the regulators love it, because it shows directly a reduction in the amount of cost for customers, it benefits the electric utility and it benefits us because if we are not building the backhaul, we just put that money into more pipes, plants and pumps replacements.
Walter Lynch: And this is -- yes this is Walter, these are two great examples but our AMI strategy we are looking further opportunities across our footprint, because as Susan said the benefits to our customers are huge and that is what we want to drive in the business.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Reeder: So in terms of the 2016 guidance, you mentioned the non-regulated weakness, expectations for the reminder year, are regulated and parent segments are either those doing better or they just kind of tracking in line thus far?
Linda Sullivan: So Jonathan, this is Linda and what we did at the Analyst Day was we set forth some of the key variables that we expect in our earnings guidance range for the year and so we have reiterated that chart here, when we look at 2016, we are square within those variables based on what we know today in the first quarter results.
Jonathan Reeder: And then in terms of 2017 are you expecting Keystone to turn a profit or is it just too early to tell?
Linda Sullivan: For keystone we’re expecting that they will take austerity measures and that they will be earnings neutral this year.
Jonathan Reeder: Right and for 2017, are these austerity measures things that are going to continue over?
Linda Sullivan: It is too early tell Jonathan, I think, we look at our five year plan, we continue to see that the market expectations are about the same as they were in December, over the long-term and so we continue to believe in about 1% growth from the Keystone at this time.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then I don’t know if you can provide any more detail on the military base RFP comments, are you seeing more bases, I guess being put up for grabs than you expected and do you expect any 50 year contracts, are close to being awarded something we might see later this year?
Linda Sullivan: No Jonathan, we’re seeing quite a tick up in activity in the pipeline of Request for Proposals we currently, the Department of Defense has about 9 Proposals that are our right now, and that we’re active in, and also Jonathan interestingly for the military bases in terms of the capital upgrade, one of the areas that has not been really identified in the past, has been area of storm water, it’s been water and wastewater and so, the legislation, we believe allows the military bases to utilize us for the storm water services, but there has been a question about clarification. And I’ll tell you that there has been, out of for example the House Armed Services Committee as well as some of the Senates they said this was intended so we are working to get clarifying language so that on the bases we serve, we would have an additional opportunity to help them address their needs from a storm water standpoint. So we see that as a potential opportunity in the future.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay and that would just come in the form of additional I guess capital upgrades?
Linda Sullivan: Yes that’s correct.
Jonathan Reeder: And then now just turning quickly to the regulated, West Virginia, I know that, it was somewhat in a state of disarray but now in light of kind of your rate case outcome and the pending infrastructure mechanism, can you just update how you're thinking about that state as a core operation that you want to stay in?
Walter Lynch: Yes, Jonathan, Walter we think we got a fair rate case order of the commission, we will work them to address customer issues in the states like we're anywhere else. And we feel positive about the future in West Virginia, the infrastructure mechanism that we just proposed last week is a positive step forward and it's can allow us to continue to invest and invest more into the infrastructure in West Virginia. So, it's a positive for us and for our customers.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. Great and then last question on the California desal plant, the one you are delayed does that have any impact on kind of projected total company CapEx or I know, it wasn't a huge amount so I am assuming you are just planning on kind of backfilling that CapEx with other investments, is that accurate?
Walter Lynch: Yes, that's accurate, Jonathan. I mean it's a big plant but within our capital program it's not significant. So, it's all going to be within the same four to five year period.
Susan Story: Right, so you will some of the dollars shifting from year-to-year but it's still within that five year capital plan.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then I guess even with that shift, I mean the one year shift, so you can offset like half the supply you're talking about some mitigating measures you're taking, I mean, isn’t there just an issue with I guess to having adequate supply for those customers, I mean, what you have to do to get the other half of the supply in the interim?
Walter Lynch: Yes we're going to have to build the facility and again the facility is going to be delayed for about a year, and we're working with the commission to mitigate that by moving these other components forward, but right now we're looking at probably starting construction in mid to late 2018.
Susan Story: Yes, Jonathan, to that point if you remember, Walter mentioned there were two which were the groundwater replenishment which is recycled water as well as the ability to do additional reservoir storage for half. The other half that we're working hand in glove with the local officials there as well as during a hearing in Monterey the Public Utilities Commission because of the delay have said that they also would advocate for us to have an extension of the Carmel River withdrawal kind of it was supposed to seize as you know into this year.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes.
Susan Story: To extend that until we can get the desal part built and in fact it was very positive that we could continue and work on these other components for half of it, before we actually build desal plant for the other half. So it actually ensures we build part of the project earlier and then hopefully get a, with everybody supporting the communities and the sate then get the extension on the water permit for the Carmel River.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So there is some flexibility from the requirements. Okay, great. Thank you so much for the time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow up from Richard Verdi from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead with your follow up.
Richard Verdi: I wanted to jump out but I had one other question, I asked this at Aqua yesterday and I'm just curious what American's take is, so maybe at the end of March, very early April, I had a conversation with one of the most prominent leaders at Nasupa he was telling me that the consumer advocates are looking to meaningfully push back on the DSIC because basically they feel it's being abused, they think that you file a DSIC and then there's another DSIC and it's just basically one after the next, and so I had asked Aqua yesterday if they were seeing that I'm wondering if you guys are seeing that at all and if you are, how American tends to deal with it?
Susan Story: Sure, well I'll tell you, I won't talk in general about NASUCA but in each of our state we try to work very closely with the consumer advocates’ office upfront, when we're filing this mechanisms, we try to ensure and I'll tell you we're very transparent about the process, this is also goes back to why our ability to not only increase and improve our O&M efficiency, but we have a lot of projects on how we also increased our capital efficiency, what are we doing to ensure that every dollar we spend, is being spent at the highest level of productivity. So, it's a one on one thing, it's not with the general NASUCA but in each of our state, our state Presidents’, our staff sit with the consumer advocates and basically walk through very openly what we need to do, why we need to do it and what we're doing to mitigate the cost. And I'll tell you when we go in for DSIC and capital infrastructure, we say this and I know some of you think we say it too much but I don't think it can be said enough. The ability to manage our O&M cost. So that for every dollar of O&M saved, we can put $6 of capital in the ground, when you hear like what Walter said is in West Virginia over four years or three and a half years we've reduced O&M cost 1.1 million, we filed in Illinois, we've reduced our O&M cost by 3%. The ability to show that we're being good stewards of the customers’ dollar goes a long way.
Richard Verdi: And if I may you had mentioned about how each one of your employees that runs the state, I got to say, and you might be happy this, I can see that because Jim Jenkins is hard at work for you guys. I just wanted to let you know he's doing a great job in my view. So thank you for the time Susan I appreciate it.
Susan Story: Thank you, Rich and thanks for the comments about Jim. He is doing extraordinary and I'll tell you that the team we have got I can go down a list and talk about the amazing people we've got. And we all just feel fortunate to work with them. Thank you, Rich.
Operator: And at this time we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Jamie. I will be short. I appreciate everybody participating in our call today. If you have got any questions as always you can call Greg and Melissa and they will be happy to help you. I will remind you that we're having our Annual Stockholders Meeting on Friday, May the 13th, in Voorhees, that will be lucky Friday May the 13th. Thanks again for participating in our call and we look forward to talking with you all later.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for attending. You may now disconnect your telephone lines.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's Fourth Quarter and Year End 2015 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through March 3, 2016 by dialoging 412-317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10079115. The online archive of the webcast will be available through March 25, 2016 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Greg Panagos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Panagos, please go ahead.
Gregory Panagos: Thank you, Kerry. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us for today's call. We will keep the call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will open the call up for your questions. During the course of this conference call, in both our prepared remarks and in answer to your questions, we may make forward-looking statements to represent our expectations regarding our future performance or other future events. These statements are predictions based upon our current expectations, estimates and assumptions. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from the results indicated or implied by such statements. Additional information regarding these risks, uncertainties and factors is provided in the earnings release and in our 2015 Form 10-K each as filed with the SEC. I encourage you to read our Form 10-K for a more detailed analysis of our financials and other important information. Also reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call including adjusted EPS and our O&M efficiency ratio can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for this call which is located at the investor relations page of the company website as well as our earnings release. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question-and-answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. Before I turn the call over to Susan, I would like to take this opportunity to introduce you all to Melissa Schwarzell. Our new Director of Investor Relations. Melissa has been a member of American Water's finance team in Lexington, Kentucky since 2009. Her experience includes supporting rate cases, infrastructure filings and other regulatory matters in seven of American Waters regulated states. She has worked on most of the company's cost components and she has tackled challenging recovery issues. She's also provided rates related financing - excuse me, financial planning support throughout the American Water footprint. I know you will all find Melissa to be very helpful and a pleasure to work with. And now, I will turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the fourth quarter and full year financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO, who will give key updates on our regulated business. On January, the 1st, Walter assumed additional responsibility for operational and safety best practices across our AWE market-based businesses. So periodically, he will give you an update on those efforts as well. The employees of American Water delivered strong results in 2015 for both the fourth quarter and the full year. We invested significant capital into needed upgrade for our system to provide reliable and safe water and wastewater services. We continued our focus on managing costs and deploying technology so that our services remain affordable for our customers and we treated and delivered water that consistently met and surpassed EPA drinking water standards. This includes the lead and copper rule, which has generated a lot of news recently, due to the crisis in Flint, Michigan. American Water samples for lead on a routine basis and our water systems continue to be incompliance with that rule. We expanded our regulated customer base in 2015 by nearly 42,000 metered customers; about 9,000 customers resulted from organic growth in our existing footprint. 24,000 customers joined our system from acquisitions that closed during the year, and additional 9,000 are from acquisitions, where we have written agreements in place and are just awaiting regulatory approval. We also continue to grow our market-based businesses through new contracts and new customers. As you can see on slide seven, we reported operating revenues of $783 million, a 7% increase above fourth quarter 2014. For the full year, operating revenues were nearly $3.2 billion, an increase of about 5% over 2014. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.55 per share for the fourth quarter, a 5.8% increase above fourth quarter 2014. Annual earnings were $2.64 per share, up 8.6% over 2014 adjusted EPS. The fourth quarter includes a $5 million contribution to the American Water Foundation whose work I will discuss briefly before our Q&A session. Turning now to slide eight; you can see that we delivered on our strategies in both the regulated and market-based businesses in 2015. We made about $1.4 billion in total annual investment, the highest in our company's history. We invested $1.2 billion in our regulated system, which improved our long-term service reliability and water quality for our customers. We're able to increase our investment at this level because of the expertise of our hardworking employees and our continuous improvement in both O&M and capital deployment efficiency. We're proud of our ability to deliver on our growth goals and effectively manage every dollar to deliver excellent customer service while we keep our customer bills affordable. Even more importantly, we know that our customers need to be able to trust that the water we provide is clean and safe. So while consistently meeting and surpassing all EPA requirements in 2015, we continued our focus on further strengthening our critical assets. Let me give you a couple of examples. We upgraded two of our company's largest water treatment plants, which serve over 300,000 customers in St. Louis County, Missouri. In Champaign, Illinois, we upgraded chemical treatment facilities nearing the end of their useful life with improvements that included replacing gas coring facilities with safer technology. In addition to these regulated system investments in 2015, we also grew our customer base organically and through regulated acquisitions. Our market-based businesses continue to grow as well. In December, our Contract Services Group was awarded a 10-year O&M contract in Camden, New Jersey with revenue of approximately $125 million. Our Military Services Group expanded to 12 bases with a successful 50-year contract bid for Vandenberg Air Force Base with revenue of approximately $300 million. Our Homeowner Services Group expanded to 1.6 million service warranty contracts and we grew our utility partnerships by adding Rialto, California and the Orlando Utilities Commission. As you know, we expanded our business through the acquisition of Keystone Clearwater Solutions. So, in summary, we produced excellent results for the year through our ongoing customer growth, highest annual capital investment in our history, and we continued our O&M and capital efficiency. This continues our progress toward achieving our goal of 7% to 10% EPS growth through 2020. Based on our performance, our board declared a cash dividend of $0.34 per share during the fourth quarter, and we are affirming our 2016 earnings guidance range of $2.75 per share to $2.85 per share. And with that, Walter will now give you his update.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan. Good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our regulated businesses had a strong year all around with historic capital investment, smart and strategic acquisitions and continued O&M efficiency gains while balancing customer bill impacts. As you can see on slide 10, 2015 was a good year for growth. Through acquisitions and organic growth, we added in our pending regulatory approval, nearly 42,000 customers in our regulated businesses. In 2015, we completed 14 acquisitions adding nearly 24,000 customers to our existing footprint. Seven of these transactions closed in the fourth quarter including our purchase of the municipal wastewater system in Fairview Township, Pennsylvania. This newly acquired system provides wastewater service to approximately 4,000 customers including more than 200 businesses in commercial accounts, and it's a perfect fit and as Pennsylvania American Water already owns the water system. This acquisition provides a long-term wastewater solution and a financial relief for the local community. According to the Township's board of supervisors because of the sale, Township residential received a 50% reduction in real estate taxes in 2016. The proceeds of this sale will also help payoff approximately $21 million in sewer debt and avoid an anticipated $14 million in additional debt that would have been required to complete planned projects. Again this is a great example of how we can bring solution to municipalities struggling to finance the water and wastewater improvements while improving their service and keeping rates affordable for our customers. At the end of 2015, we have 12 pending acquisition agreements that were signed and waiting for regulatory approval. These acquisitions would add approximately 9,000 customers to our customer base if approved and completed. In 2016, we completed a purchase of four of these acquisitions, one of which was Environmental Disposal Corporation in New Jersey. This investor-owned wastewater utility provides service to more than 5,300 customers as well as bulk wastewater treatment services for several nearby communities. Additionally in December, Pennsylvania American Water signed a memorandum of understanding for the potential acquisition of the wastewater assets of the Scranton authority, which serves approximately 31,000 customers. This MOU commits the parties to negotiate in good faith toward executing a final purchase agreement. On the regulatory front, you can see a snapshot of our current activity on slide 11. Our Illinois and Kentucky subsidiaries fought rate request in the first month of 2016. In both space, we're seeking to recover a significant amount of needed capital investment, offset by reduced or flat O&M expenses. In Illinois, we requested $40 million in additional revenues based on a projected total of $342 million of capital investment between October 2013, and the end of 2017. Our team in Illinois reduced their O&M expenses by about 3% since the last rate case in 2012, continuing the great work by our employees to keep those affordable for our customers. In Kentucky, we request $13.5 million in additional revenues, primarily driven by $79 million of capital investment while keeping operating expenses flat since 2012. Again, this focus on expenses allows us to make critical infrastructure investment continuing the trend of keeping bills affordable for our customers. In Missouri, our case is moving along to the process, and we expect the decision sometime before mid-year. In West Virginia, we have not yet received the rate order, so it will stay at a high level and base my comments from the press release sent out last night by the West Virginia Public Service Commission. The order provides an increase of $18.17 million in water rates and $151,000 in sewer rates. The Commission recognizes that the company reduced its O&M expenses from its last rate case, and the adjustment to base rate is driven primarily by the increased investment we made to ensure reliable water service for our customers. And consistent with our normal process, West Virginia American water will show a press release, once they've had a chance to review the order. Moving to California, on February 1st, we received approval from the California Public Utility Commission to extend our cost of capital filing by one year. This will keep our authorized return on equity at 9.99% through 2017 for our California subsidiary. Meanwhile, despite some rainfall from the effects of El Niño, the drought continues in California. Our team continues to demonstrate leadership in dealing with the drought and we're certainly proud of all other efforts to help our customers during this time. We also continue to make progress on the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project. Our test plant well is operational and the results are positive. The project is undergoing environmental and regulatory review by the California Public Utility Commission, and this review is scheduled to be completed by the end of the year. Moving to slide 12; we ended the year with a 35.9% O&M efficiency ratio and we're on track to meet our 34% target by 2020. I know, we've talked a lot about this, most recently, at our Investor Day in December, but I think it's worth repeating, we've really made tremendous progress here. As you can see, the progress is evident by the amount of revenue requirement attributed to capital expenditures versus operating expenses. For the general rate cases, we filed last year, we reduced our O&M expenses by $10 million or 17%. This reduction allowed us to invest approximately $65 million into needed infrastructure upgrades without affecting our customers' bills. Our employees are doing a great job in this area through leveraging best practices, improved efficiencies, technology and innovation, and this produces results for our customers as well as our company. So, with that, I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2015, American Water continued to deliver strong financial results. As shown on slide 14, earnings per share from continuing operations for the fourth quarter was $0.55, up $0.03 or 5.8% over the same period last year. This slide shows the contribution by business line to our quarterly and annual results. Let me walk through the numbers then I'll discuss the drivers of the key variances on the next few pages. For the quarter, the regulated businesses contributed $0.54 up $0.01, the market-based businesses contributed $0.06 flat to the fourth quarter of last year and the parent which is primarily interest expense on parent debt was $0.02 better than the fourth quarter of last year. For the full year 2015, earnings per share from continuing operations was $2.64 per share, an increase of $0.21 or 8.6% increase compared to adjusted 2014. The contribution from our regulated businesses was $2.63 per share, up $0.18 or 7.3% over adjusted 2014. The market-based businesses contribution was $0.24, up $0.02 or about 9% over last year. And the parent improved $0.01 per share. These annual increases are consistent with our long-term growth triangle. Turning to slide 15, let me walk through the components of our quarter-over-quarter increase in earnings per share. The primary driver was higher regulated revenue of $0.09 per share from infrastructure surcharges and other rate increases to support our regulated system investments. This was partially offset by higher O&M expense of $0.03 mainly from the timing of maintenance-related work as well as higher claims and pension-related costs. Depreciation, taxes and other increased $0.05 per share driven mainly by our investment growth. The improvement at the parent of $0.02 per share was mainly due to lower taxes from state tax proportionate benefit, partially offset by the $5 million contribution to the American Water Foundation that Susan mentioned. Also, please note that the market-based businesses were flat for the quarter as higher growth in our Military and Homeowner Services Groups was offset by a 2014 tax benefit. Turning to slide 16, let me walk through to the elements of our $0.21 increase in year-over-year adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations. The regulated businesses benefited from higher revenue of $0.18 per share from authorized rate increases to support investment growth as well as increases from acquisitions and organic growth. In addition, there was a $0.05 increase due to mild weather during 2014 and an improvement in O&M costs of $0.02 per share offsetting these improvements, with higher depreciation and taxes of $0.07 per share, driven by our investment growth. Overall, the regulated businesses increased $0.18 year-over-year. The market-based businesses were up $0.02, mainly due to additional construction projects under our military contracts and the addition of Hill Air Force Base and the Picatinny Arsenal in 2014, as well as geographic expansion and Homeowner Services. Parent and other was $0.01 better than 2014, due mainly the lower taxes from state tax proportionate benefits, partially offset by the Foundation donation. Now, let me cover the regulatory highlights on slide 17. As Walter mentioned, we should receive the rate order from the West Virginia rate case soon. And as such, we currently have four general rate cases in process: Missouri, Virginia, Illinois, and Kentucky for a combined annualized rate request of $87.4 million. For rates effective from January 1, 2015 through today and including the $18.3 million for West Virginia we received a total of $98.6 million in additional annualized revenue from general rate cases and infrastructure charges. We encourage you to review the footnotes in the appendix of this slide deck for more information. Slide 18 highlights our improved financial performance across the board. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we made total investments of $386 million primarily for regulated system investments. For the year, we invested a total of $1.4 billion. This includes $1.2 billion for regulated system investments, $64 million for regulated acquisitions and $133 million for the acquisition of Keystone. Excluding the Keystone acquisition, capital investment increased about 27% from 2014. Going forward, we expect to invest $6.4 billion over the next five years of which about $5.5 billion will be to improve water and wastewater systems for our customers, $600 million for regulated acquisitions and $280 million for strategic capital. For the full year, cash flow from operations increased $82 million or 7% to about $1.2 billion mainly due to the increase in net income and our adjusted return on equity for the past 12 months was 9.43%, an increase of 57 basis points compared to last year from continued execution of our strategies. We also announced in the fourth quarter of 2015, a $0.34 common stock cash dividend payable on March 1, 2016. On slide 19, as many of you will recall, during our Investor Day in New York, we gave 2016 earnings guidance of $2.75 to $2.85 per share. Today, we affirm that guidance range. There are certain important factors that could impact our 2016 results. And as we have done in the past, slide 19 outlines those factors that we have included in our earnings guidance range. Swings outside of these ranges could cause results to differ from guidance. Weather is generally the largest variable impacting our earnings. Our range of plus or minus $0.07 represents what we consider to be normal weather variation that we have included in our earnings guidance range. For our regulated businesses, we see variations of plus or minus $0.03 primarily from the timing and outcome of rate cases, the timing of completion of capital projects as well as variations in O&M and production costs. American Water Enterprises variability is driven mostly from the timing of future capital upgrades in Military Services and realization of our expected growth as well as claims costs in Homeowner Services. Variability for Keystone is primarily driven by natural gas prices and drilling activity in the Marcellus and Utica. I would also like to mention that our 2016 earnings guidance range includes estimated legal defense costs of about $0.03 per share related to the 2014 Freedom Industries' chemical spill in West Virginia. As you may recall, we included $0.02 per share of legal costs in 2015. And lastly, I would like to address the expected impact from the five-year extension of bonus deprecation. From a cash perspective, we are in a federal tax net operating loss position. So, we do not receive a current cash benefit from bonus depreciation. We look at electing bonus depreciation on a state by state basis. In those cases, we're adopting bonus depreciation would be in our customers' best interest and where we expect to be able to utilize our NOL, we will do so. Assuming, we elect bonus depreciation in our regulated states, this would increase our NOLs and push out the expected timing of when we would become a cash tax payer by about one year to 2021. From an earnings perspective, while this would be expected to reduce rate base and earnings, we do not see a significant impact to our 2016 earnings guidance range, nor do we see a significant impact to our 7% to 10% compounded annual EPS growth rate for 2016 through 2020 because the rate base impact is largely offset by lower financing needs in 2020. We also have flexibility to mitigate some of the rate base impacts by redirecting a portion of our strategic capital already included in our five-year plan to our regulated businesses, as well as accelerating certain investments that continue to strengthen our critical assets for our customers. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, let's review the American Water investment thesis we shared with you at our Investor Day and briefly discuss the American Water Foundation. On growth, we affirm our EPS growth goal of 7% to 10% for the next five years. We talked about our unprecedented 2015 capital investments, our continued O&M and capital efficiency and our plans for 2016. We know that reputation, operational excellence, reliability, and dependable water quality are critical to our growth. Where and how we expanded our customer base in 2015 leverages these strengths, growing through tuck-in, adding wastewater customers where we are ready to serve water and growing our market-based businesses. Our people have deep utility expertise and diversified experience and they are our biggest competitive advantage. They also care deeply about our customers in the communities in which they live and serve. This was clearly demonstrated about what our employees dealt with in both Missouri and Illinois during the last week in 2015. Record rainfall of up to 12-inches fell during a powerful three day storm across the Midwest, hitting the St. Louis area hard and causing record flooding. Homes and businesses were submerged, highways closed and water and sewer utilities faced extraordinary challenges. Missouri American has two plants on the Merrimack River, supplying water to about 20% of our customers in the St. Louis County area. Thanks to early planning and the construction of a system of temporary pipes and pumps. Our customers never loss service and we maintained excellent water quality throughout the event. Our wastewater teams also worked around the clock during the heavy rain to remove pumps and motors that otherwise would have been lost to flooding. But it's not just what our Missouri team did for our own customers; it's what they did for the surrounding communities in need. A local public water district had a flooded plant and lost the ability to serve its 20,000 customers. By opening a connection between the systems, Missouri American was able to help the district, serve many of those without water. Additionally, they worked with the National Guard to fill more than 500 tanker trucks that delivered our water outside of our service area, which brings me to the American Water Foundation funded by American Water's parent company which keeps the communities we serve and have a better quality of life. One key Foundation partnership is with the Union Sportsmen Alliance, where we have worked with local union members to build walking trails, public access areas and fishing facilities for communities, including projects for special needs kids. The Foundation also has a partnership with a National Recreation and Parks Association in support of building better communities. Here, we focus on building or enhancing nature-based playgrounds for children and educating people on water and environmental stewardship practices. The Foundation also matches employee donations to qualified charitable organizations up to $1,000 per year per employee. Earlier this month, the Foundation made a $50,000 donation to the Flint Child Health & Development Fund to help the children of Flint, Michigan, get the resources they need to deal with the lead exposure many have experienced. These examples of doing good as we do well, demonstrate the dedication, expertise, strong character and the work ethic of the 6,700 people I get the privilege of working with every day. Certainly, our employees' commitment translates into our strong financial performance, but it also let you know as our investors that we are a company, whose people believe not just in what we do, clean water for life, but also in how we do it. And we believe that it is critical for a company, who wants to be as successful in the coming decades as we are today. So, with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: We will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Richard Verdi of Ladenburg. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: Good morning, everyone, very nice quarter and thank you for taking my call here. Just a couple quick and easy questions; first, I guess Susan can you please speak to the strategy for capital raises the next few years to fund your program and how you think about raising the dividend versus buying back stock versus issuing equity?
Susan Story: Sure, Rich, and thanks for the question. I will start, and then Linda may want to jump in. So, when we look at all of the different uses of our capital in terms of growth, in terms of raising our dividend, in terms of regulated investment, all of those different things, we look at a balance in optimizing those and also where we get the biggest value from every dollar that we spend. So, we look at growth and the returns we get there. We look at regulated investment and let me be clear that in our investment plan, the first thing we do, is we invest whatever is needed in every one of our state to ensure that we provide safe clean water that meets all EPA standards. So, then beyond that is what we refer to as discretionary. But there is a base amount which is significant well over half of our capital that we spend to ensure that we provide those services. Then beyond that, we look at our dividend growth, which is, we have said, we want to keep consistent with our EPS growth. So, we want those to be correlated, so that's the guidance we've given and we have a 50% to 60% payout ratio and currently we're at the lower end of that range. So, there is room there. When we look at things like debt and I'll let Linda talk about this more, the question we ask is what is best for our customers and our shareholders with the next dollar that we invest or whether we pay down debt or whether we're able to provide dividend. So, as you know, to have a - to be in a strong financial position as we are, we have a lot of optionality and we're always looking at how we optimize that optionality.
Linda Sullivan: And Rich, I would add to that that as we look and as we outlined in our Investor Day, when we look at the capital structure over the next five years, we continue to look at about 45%-55% equity to debt capital structure.
Richard Verdi: Okay, excellent. Thank you. And next on the O&M and efficiency ratio, clearly, this has been a great part of the story very successful, excuse me, couple of years back the stretch target was 35% for 2018, now the stretch target is 34% for 2020. Its 100 basis points lower in three years. I know a portion of these stretch targets were based on the ERP program a while back. Now they are predicated upon automation technology such as the Badger Meter contract recently announced. Without holding you to it, just trying to get a grasp on what lies beyond 2020, how possible is it that American reduces the O&M efficiency ratio by another 100 basis points by 2022 to 33%. And would automation and technology be the driver of that reaction or is there something underneath the American umbrella that could drive the third phase of O&M efficiency reduction?
Walter Lynch: Hey, Rich; Walter. I'll take that question. Thanks for it. We're not going to forecast beyond 2020 and a 34%, but I can tell you our teams are geared towards continuous improvement and that's what's driving this, and technology is going to be a big part of it. As you know, we are about 90% implemented with AMR. We're also looking at AMI and the technology that we're buying now is easily transitioned into AMI. So it's a long-term solution. But I'd tell you looking at the people in our business understand the why and why we are reducing expenses. So we can invest in our infrastructure and provide excellent customer service. So it's really throughout the business sharing best practices, leveraging our supply chain and reverse auctions and power and chemicals, so it's a mindset and it's a commitment by our employees that we're going to get to where we need to go and they understand the why, and I think that is the key to this whole things, and that's been the foundation for our success.
Richard Verdi: Okay. Great, thank you very much, and I appreciate it. And that's it for me, I'm going to jump in queue, but I just want to say thank you very much for slide 36 and that's very helpful.
Susan Story: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Seeing no further questions, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Well, thank you, Kerry. And thank you all for participating in our call today. If you've got any questions, please call Greg and Melissa and they will be happy to help. I'd like to remind everyone that our 2016 first quarter earnings call will be on May, the 4, and our Annual Stockholders Meeting would take place on Friday, May, the 13. Thanks again for listening and we'll talk to you in May if not before then. Thanks.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-05 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Panagos - VP, IR Susan Story - President and CEO Walter Lynch - COO, President, Regulated Operations Linda Solomon - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Ryan Connors - Boenning & Scattergood Richard Verdi - Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Gaugler - Janney Montgomery Scott David Paz - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the American Water's Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations Website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 12, 2015, by dialing 412-317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10074632. The online archive of the webcast will be available through December 7, 2015, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the Company's website located at www.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Greg Panagos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Panagos, you may begin.
Greg Panagos: Thank you, Frank and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for today's call. We'll do our best to keep the call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open the call up for your questions. As Gary said, my name is Greg Panagos, and I'm the new Vice President of Investor Relations for American Water. Before I read you our forward-looking statements, I would just like to say I'm happy to be here and excited about the opportunity with American Water. Before I read you our forward-looking statement I'd like to say I'm happy to be here and excited about the opportunity with American Water. During the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answer to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent reasonable estimates and assumptions. However, these statements deal with future events. They are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. These matters are set forth in the company's Form 10-K and in its other periodic SEC filings. I encourage you to read our Form 10-Q for this quarter, which is on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of our financials. Also reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call can be found in the appendix of the slide deck for the call, which is located at the Investor Relations page of the Company website. We'll be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question-and-answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings and earnings per share refer to diluted earnings and earnings per share from continuing operations. And now I would like to turn the call over to American Waters' President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the third quarter financial results and Walter Lynch, our COO and President of Regulated Operations, who will give key updates on our regulated business. Turning to Slide 5, we reported earnings of $0.96 per share for the third quarter, a 10.3% increase above the third quarter of 2014. Excluding the 2014 cost impact of the Freedom Industries' chemical spill, third quarter year-to-date adjusted earnings increased 9.4% compared to the same period in 2014. Our employees continue to deliver strong operational and financial results reflected in our ongoing investment in our infrastructure, our improved operational efficiencies and the expansion of customers in our regulated and market based businesses. These results continue our progress toward achieving our long-term growth goal of 7% to 10% EPS through 2019. Based on our performance today, we're narrowing our earnings guidance range to $2.60 to $2.65 per share. Slide 6 highlights the progress we're making on our strategies across our businesses. We invested $970 million in capital year-to-date through September. The majority of this investment is in our regulated business, which is the core and foundation of our growth. These investments are mainly for infrastructure to continue providing safe, clean and reliable water services for our customers. Walter will talk further about our ongoing O&M efficiency efforts, which allow us to mitigate build increases to our customers despite this critically needed capital investment. In addition, we continue to invest in regulated acquisitions. Year-to-date, we closed seven acquisitions totaling or adding about 19,200 customers and we have 16 pending acquisitions, which when approved and closed will give us the opportunity to serve an additional 13,300 customers in several of our jurisdictions. We closed the Keystone Clearwater Solutions acquisition in the third quarter. Keystone, while a separate subsidiary is being reported as part of market-based businesses. Last month we were very pleased to be awarded a contract to serve the military community at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. We now serve 12 military installations across the country. We consider it an honor to provide our service men and women and their families with reliable high quality water and wastewater services for the next five decades and beyond. Our Homeowner Services business continues to grow as well. Within the past couple of weeks, we received a Notice of Intent to award an exclusive contract with Georgetown County Water and Sewer District in South Carolina. Pending contract negotiations we should be able to offer programs to their 22,000 eligible homeowners. Looking forward, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term earnings per share growth goal of 7% to 10% through 2019. At the end of our prepared remarks, I'll spend just a few minutes talking about our regulated business and how our investments and our positive financial performance demonstrate our customers and the communities we're privileged to serve. And with that, Walter will now give an update on our regulated businesses.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan and good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, our regulated business have delivered strong results year-to-date. We continue to improve our owned and efficiency ratio as shown on Slide 8. We reached 35.8% for the 12 months ending September 2015. This is the result of a disciplined approach to cost management by our employees. We continue to make steady progress towards achieving our goal of 34% or less by 2020. Achieving sustainable O&M reductions is important to our strategy as it enables us to redeploy these cost savings in the capital investments in our water and wastewater infrastructure with minimal impact on our customer’s bills. A perfect example of our strategy and action as our recent New Jersey rate case order on Slide 9. During the third quarter, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved the 3% or $22 million annualized increase in water and wastewater revenues that became effective on September 21. Since the last rate case in 2012, the company invested more than $775 million to replace and upgrade our water and wastewater infrastructure including approximately 160 miles of water mains and connection pipes. During the same time, New Jersey American lowered their operating expenses by more than $90 million. Those cost reductions supported more than $125 million of infrastructure investment with no impact on customer bills. Also last week in Virginia we filed a rate request for $8.7 million. The request seeks recovery of about $53 million in system investments made since our last rate case in 2012. Our operating expenses in Virginia have declined 2% since our last rate case reflecting our continued success in driving operating efficiencies. We use those cost savings to offset some of the revenue requirement requested for our capital improvement, which again minimizes rate impacts on our customers. We expect the decision in the next nine months. When we talk about owned and efficiency improvement, this is exactly what we mean, inventing to ensure reliable service while limiting the impact of when our customers pay. Moving to California, our team continues to display leadership in dealing with the draught and we’re certainly proud of all of their work to help our customers during this period. Overall five of our six districts are meeting the State Water Resources Control Board reduction targets. In venture accounting where customers are almost meeting their targets, we recently implemented Stage 3 conservation measures. These measures along with other customer outreach is helping us encourage conservation during this draught and we want to thank our customers in California who really stepped up to the challenge. I'll give a quick update on our Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project as well. Last month the California Coastal Commission approved an amendment to our permits to operate a test line well. This minor amendment allowed us to restart the well and continue to prove up the operational feasibility of subsurface intakes for this water supply project. The project is undergoing environmental and regulatory review by the California Public Utility Commission and we expect to start construction in the second quarter of 2017. Lastly let me discuss the weather impacts during the quarter. As we mentioned in our second quarter call, we experienced heavy rainfall in our central states during July. We saw this pattern continue in that region through August. Also in the quarter we experienced hot and dry conditions primarily in our northeast region. Due to our geographic diversity, these varying weather conditions largely offset each other in the third quarter, so there was no net material impact on our financials. Now I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our third quarter financial results.
Linda Solomon: Thank you, Walter and good morning, everyone. In the third quarter, we continue to deliver strong financial results. As shown on Slide 11, revenues were up 6% quarter-over-quarter and up 4% year-to-date. Earnings per share for the third quarter were $0.96, up 10% over the same period last year. Year-to-date earnings were $2.09 per share, which after adjusting for 2014 impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill were up about 9% over the same period last year. In terms of business segment contribution, for the quarter the regulated businesses contributed earnings of $0.97 per share or an increase of about 10%. Our market base businesses contributed $0.07 per share, an increase of about 17%. Parent interest and other, which is primarily interest expense on parent debt was a negative $0.08 per share for the quarter, relatively flat to the prior year. As Susan mentioned because of the Keystone acquisition in the third quarter and the financial results of Keystone have been included in the market base business segment, the purchase price after purchase price adjustments was $133 million. As we’ve previously disclosed, we expect Keystone to be earnings neutral in 2015 and accretive to earnings in the first full year of operation. Now I’ll go over the different components of our third quarter earnings per share growth as shown on Slide 12. In the third quarter, we reported a $0.09 increase in earnings per share. Approximately, $0.05 of that increase was due to mild weather during the third quarter of 2014. As Walter mentioned, during the third quarter of this year, the financial impact of the varying weather conditions largely offset each other. As we had higher revenue of around $10 million from hot and dry conditions in the Northeast, which was offset by lower revenue of around the same amount from the wet weather experienced in our Central State. Next the regulated businesses benefited from higher revenues of $0.04 per share mainly from authorized rate increases, from infrastructure charges and rate cases in a number of our regulated states and additional revenue from acquisition growth, partially offset by lower demand in California. For the market-based businesses, earnings per share were up a penny due to additional construction projects under our military contracts and the addition of two new military bases in the second half of 2014. We also had contract growth in our Homeowner Services business. Partially offsetting these improvements were higher depreciation and other cost of about a $0.01 per share mainly due to growth associated with our infrastructure investment programs at the regulated businesses. Now let me cover the regulatory highlights on Slide 13. We currently have three general rate cases in process, West Virginia, Missouri and Virgina for a combined annualized rate request of approximately $69.5 million. For rates effective since October 1 of last year through today, we received a total of approximately $77.5 million in additional annualized revenue from general rate cases, step increases and infrastructure charges. We encourage you to review the footnotes in the appendix for more information. Slide 14 is a summary dashboard of our financial performance, which showed improvement across the Board. During the third quarter of 2015, we made investments of approximately $455 million, primarily for regulated infrastructure investments and the acquisition of Keystone Clear Water Solutions. Year-to-date we have invested a total of $970 million of which $793 million was for regulated infrastructure investments and $44 million was for regulated acquisitions. For the year, we expect to invest $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion with almost $1.2 billion to improve our regulated water and wastewater systems. Regulated infrastructure investments are projected to be about $100 million higher than we originally planned as we continue to optimize capital deployment under our infrastructure mechanisms. For the quarter our cash flow from operations increased approximately $48 million and year-to-date $15 million primarily from earnings growth and the timing of working capital item. Our adjusted return on equity for the past 12 months was 9.12%, an increase of approximately 48 basis points compared to the same period last year. We also paid a $0.34 quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders in September, which represented about a 10% increase compared to last year. And on October 30, the Board of Directors approved a $0.34 dividend per share to be paid on December 1 and as Susan explained, building on our strong financial performance year-to-date we're narrowing our 2015 earnings guidance from continuing operations to be in the upper end of our prior range or $2.60 to $2.65 per share. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks Linda. Before taking your questions, I’d like to spend a few minutes talking about how our investments and our strong performance benefit our customers and the communities we serve. As Linda mentioned we planned to invest up to $1.4 billion in 2015 with almost $1.2 billion of that total to improve our regulated water and wastewater systems. So what is investing more than a $1 billion a year mean to our customers and communities? It means we replace up to 350 miles of pipe every year. To give you an idea of the size of our water pipe network if you placed all the pipes we manage end to end, it would stretch over 48,000 miles nearly enough to go around the earth twice. It also means a strong water quality record. We are 20 times better than the industry average for meeting all drinking water requirements and we've earned more awards from the EPA partnership for safe water than any other water utility in the Nation. Why does this matter? Even though we serve about 15 million people across the country, we never forget that at the end of every pot line, there is a family depending on us to provide life's most essential ingredient. Not only as investment in our water and wastewater system is critical to families, businesses, industry and fire protection, but that investment also provides jobs and economic benefit. According to the Water Research Foundation, $1 billion invested in water infrastructure creates approximately 16,000 jobs. So American Water's regulated infrastructure investment through 2019 will result in more than 80,000 new jobs in the communities we serve. We know that we have to be sensitive to the impact of cost increases to our customers, even for something as necessary as infrastructure replacement. We also know as Walter mentioned that for every dollar we save, we can invest $6 of capital with no impact on our customer build. By combining effective cost controls with regulatory mechanisms that smooth cost out, we can make a big infrastructure impact without a big bill impact. In fact, we've invested almost $700 million nationally in our basic type programs in just 2013 and 2014 and all of that investment impacted customer build by just $1 almost on average. That's less than the cost of a loaf of bread, a cord of milk and far less than what it cost you to get your own money from a general ATM machine, which is about $3 to $4 a transaction. Across our footprint, most of our customers still pay about a penny per gallon of water. Our average family pays a little over $2 a day for all of their water needs, which is literally a ton of water a day delivered directly to their sink, their showers and their washing machine. At the end of the day, we know that what we do in our customer's long term best interest will also be in our investor's long term interest and we never lose that focus. So with that, we're happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you, ma'am. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Connors from Boenning & Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Susan Story: Good morning, Ryan.
Ryan Connors: Good morning, Susan. I had a question on the rate case in New Jersey. You've got $22 million in new rates there which is about -- I guess about a third of the $66 million you requested. Obviously, that's a very crude metric that I guess maybe gets too much attention sometimes. But that does seem to continue a trend where the gap between asked and received rates has been kind of growing. Can you just talk about why that's happening and what the ramifications of that are for the business?
Walter Lynch: Yes Ryan, Walter here. Thanks for the question. Just to put a little clarification on it, the last time we filed a rate case in New Jersey, we didn't have a disc mechanism. So in this case, the disc mechanism is included but you have to look to the revenue that was generated from it. If you do that and include the $22 million we came in, in excess of 50% of our filing. So that's the difference. We invested as Susan said, a significant amount of money in New Jersey and in our infrastructure and when you include that, with the outcome of the rate case, again we're in excess of 50%. So it's right in line where we've been historically.
Ryan Connors: I see. So the national trend then would be a function of the fact that D6 are becoming more and more prevalent.
Walter Lynch: Absolutely.
Ryan Connors: Okay. Interesting. My other question was there were some fairly notable development yesterday with one of your peers California basically saying that they're going to have to defer revenue recognition in the fourth quarter because WRAM balances are increasing. I know you've had your own issues having to extend the collection period on your own WRAM balance, can you talk about the situation in California related to the WRAM and the outlook and also maybe give us your take not only on how that impacts your business, but where you see the regulatory evolution going, whether the draught creates any change in the regulatory situation in California?
Linda Solomon: Ryan, this is Linda. Let me start and talk first about the accounting issues around revenue recognition. So the accounting rules require that if revenue is extended -- collection of revenue is extended beyond two years that you need to defer the equity component or the equity return of that revenue. And so this is really an accounting timing issue versus a collection issue. We did experience something similar in the third quarter when we requested and filed our application with the CPC to defer recovery in Monterey over a 20-year period and including a return. We have recorded that impact in our third quarter results and it was about a $5 million pretax impact. Now in terms of the regulatory environment, I’ll start and ask Susan if she would like to add to it, but really decoupling mechanisms were put into place in California to deal with situations like the severe draught the California is going through now so that you can align the customer conservation with the goals of the company and so these decoupling mechanisms really align these goals and allow us to help our customers and serve in the long term.
Susan Story: Right, and I think Linda is exactly right. The only thing I would add is this is an extraordinary situation in California and we all know that and we believe -- we know that the Utility Commission, the companies were all trying to work together to find a way forward that's in the best interest of our customers and the companies and everyone involved.
Ryan Connors: And then while we're on California, one last one if I might sneak it in is that on the terms of return on equity you're at 9.99 in California. Most of you appears are at 9.47 because you stood at the automatic downward adjustment duty or credit rating situation there, but the credit standing continues to improve. So is there any chance that you could be re-trued up or trued down to that level and talk about how that mechanism works and the ROE outlook for California thanks.
Susan Story: Absolutely, we're at 9.99 in that mechanism in its current formal extent through the end of 2016 and then we would go through the next profit capital process in California to reset rates going forward.
Ryan Connors: Got it. Okay. Thanks for your time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Richard Verdi from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead sir.
Richard Verdi: Good morning, everyone and nice quarter and thanks for taking my call here. Just a quick follow-up question to Ryan I enter my question. The Pence or the New Jersey rate case outcome in combination with the D6, Walter you had mentioned it's in excess of 50%. We have that around 54.6%, does that sound about right?
Walter Lynch: Yes that sounds about right Rich. Pretty precise.
Richard Verdi: Okay, perfect. Okay and then Susan a quick question for you surrounding the acquisition strategy. Somewhat recently you were quoted saying American is going to ramp up its focus on the wastewater acquisition front. So can you just maybe talk a little bit about how you see this benefiting American Water?
Susan Story: Sure. I'll start and then Walter may want to add something to it. So one of the things that's interesting and I know the national numbers are about 84% of Waters provided by public entities and about 98% of wastewater is and what we find Rich is that of a 3.3 million metered customers we have that only about 150,000 of those are wastewater customers. So we know that we've got several communities around the country where we already serve water and someone else serves wastewater. So that’s one piece and then you add to that the fact that there is growing number of EPA consent decrees, you got an issue where a lot of the wastewater infrastructure is aging and needs investment and you have some community who would prioritize other needed critical investments above their wastewater. So far us the real value is in many of these places we already served water. So to serve wastewater we know the communities. They know us. There are efficiencies we can gain because we already have offices there even though you would have different people doing some of the work. So we think it's just a natural progression. Then on top of that you add the fact that we just talked about California. When you look at water, it really is a single one-cycle for water and in the past, where we separated portable water with stormwater and wastewater, those days are -- they're starting to merge. So we believe that as the leading water utility in the country, we want to a leadership role in looking at water as one water from start to finish and especially given our strength in our research and development efforts that we got on the whole water cycle.
Walter Lynch: Yes, Walter here. Just to emphasize the operational synergies. We already have offices. We have relationships. We have employees that are proving service to our customers. To us it makes too much sense not to engage on a wastewater side and that's what we've been doing and we're getting really positive feedback in those communities where we do provide both services.
Richard Verdi: Excellent. Okay. And next, thinking about the Water Infrastructure Protection Act recently implemented in New Jersey, clearly that's a great outcome for American and Americans performed well from that Act and now Chairman [indiscernible] in Pennsylvania implement something similar. So if Pennsylvania does when considering that both New Jersey and Pennsylvania in this situation will have attractive legislation, do you think that it may eventually result in the American Water middle region representing more than 50% of its current, where that currently or do you think you would try to exploit that Pennsylvania move, but then grow in other state to maintain that diversified geographic footprint?
Susan Story: I'll start and Walter may want to add. So number one, we value very mach our geographical diversity and how we do look to grow in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, we're also looking to grow in the Midwest for example where we have a significant presence. So we do think this legislation and Walter and his folks have been key at proving research and information for those policymakers who are looking at different options to improve the economy in their areas. We think that it's important to have good legislation everywhere and we think it's good for the citizens and the people who are consumers of water and wastewater.
Walter Lynch: Yes, with those definitely are huge plus to accelerate acquisitions in New Jersey. If we get that in Pennsylvania, it will provide the same benefit, but we also have enabling legislation in many of our other states including many Midwestern states and some of this was tailored after the legislation we had in our Midwest states. So it looks very, very favorable in the Northeast, but we have the same favorable regulation in the Midwest.
Richard Verdi: Okay. Great. Thank you for that color guys and last one for me, looking at the non-regulated side, in our view we see that Keystone acquisition is just a super move, that's a great move from our view. Is there anything else like that in the pipeline or maybe better put, can you give us -- just give us an update on the non-regulated position driven strategy there?
Susan Story: Sure. So first of all fundamentally there is two things I want to say is that when we go into the market based businesses, we ensure that it leverages the core competencies that we have as a company. We're not going to be going at two and three steps beyond what our core competencies are, which is water, wastewater, stormwater, those type of efforts. So I just want to make sure people understand that clearly. The second thing is as we said in our last earnings call, the market based businesses, which include all of the American Water enterprises lines of business and Keystone, we will not -- we don't see that growing beyond 15% to 20% of earnings and only towards the high end of that if it's regulated like in the military services. So I just want to say that's it's on. So in terms of opportunities, again we're going to stick to our netting, stay close to our core competencies, where there are opportunities to number one leverage the expertise we have in water, wastewater, water treatment, infrastructure investment, those type of things we will look at, but we also look at the risk profile of anything we do because we are extremely cognizant and dedicated to let our core we're a regulated utility and we want to ensure that any growth we have is smart growth.
Richard Verdi: Okay. Great. Thank you Susan. I appreciate the guys and great quarter once again.
Susan Story: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question comes from Michael Gaugler from Janney Montgomery Scott. Please go ahead.
Michael Gaugler: Good morning, everyone.
Susan Story: Good morning, Mike.
Michael Gaugler: Just a couple of things. I would appreciate an update on the potential headquarter move and the timing implications in terms of the tax breaks and then also your thought on Keystone Clear Water now that you've been in that business for a bit.
Linda Solomon: Mike, this is Linda. Let me start with the move to Camden. We're currently in the site selection process and we’re continuing through that process. We’re working to make sure that we have all of the tax issues handled appropriately with the City of Camden and we are very excited to be part of the revitalization of Camden. On Keystone, so everyone of course on the call is aware that there are market conditions on oil and gas and of course from the negative side from the market is that, the activity in the capital spending has been reduced somewhat. The number of rigs are down and again in the Marcellus and Utica interestingly while we have the cheapest cost for natural gas drillers that also require more water we know that there is an issue for the supply actually to take away capacity. So from the market issues that everyone is familiar with, we also are tracking this. We’re tracking it with the business. We also are very encouraged and we're following very closely the progression of the construction of the takeaway pipes because we believe that whenever the takeaway pipeline are completed, that that is where and I know that all of you know this, where we’ll see a resurgence in that particular area of the country for natural gas. And with that said, since we have bought Keystone and since we closed in July, there are some positives that are going on for us. Number one, it’s interesting that as several of the ENP are looking at the current situation, they're also looking at water infrastructure that will be needed for the resurgence that is expected at the end of '16 and into '17. So we’re in conversations looking at future activity, because there is a time period that we need to develop water infrastructure, which is critical for most of these wells. Another thing that we see is that there are some near term opportunities with the ENPs continuing to prioritize their capital for their core business, there is more of an interest of us taking a role into water infrastructure and water pipeline including owning it which would be a little longer term in some of the contracts that currently have. Looking at construction ownership of storage and exchange facilities and not just pipeline and we’re seeing that there is a renewed interest as the ENPs have a goal of 100% water reuse and recycling. So we do the transports and we’re seeing really a pre-robust business on the transport to the recycling facilities to ensure extremely high levels of reuse and recycling. And then another positive that we’ve seen in the almost six months we've owned Keystone is that, they are increasing their customer base significantly with the addition of several new large customers and we've calculated that our market share of the water services in the Utica, Marcellus has increased from about 20% to 25%. So yes it’s a difficult environment as we know, but being a water focused subsidiary of ours looking at solutions for that area we’re seeing some bright spots for us and we continue to, we said earlier when we purchased Keystone, we expect it to be EPS neutral in 2015 and to be accretive next year as Linda mentioned.
Michael Gaugler: All right. Thanks
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Follow up question from Richard Verdi from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Richard Verdi: Hi guys, thanks for letting me back in. Just a question on -- just a follow-up to Michael’s inquiry surrounding Keystone, this might be a tough question right, I am just curious to see what the take is, when you look at the frac sand guys or the oilfield services players, it’s up in the air when that energy space is going to recover. Some say it's going to be -- we might see a bottom in Q1 and then improvement back into '15. Some others say it won't even be until '17, whether its improvement. But it sound like what you just said you expect it to be accretive in '15. So I am kind of wondering, one, what maybe your outlook is there for, what may be Keystone's outlook is for energy space and maybe what you guys are doing differently to ensure that that's one of the expense in 2016.
Susan Story: Rich, thank you for this and so on December the 15 at our Analyst Day the CEO of Keystone Ned Wehler who has been in the business for years, he is actually going to be part of our Investor day presentation and he is going to offer his insights that will give an additional month to see where everything is playing out. Again I think we can say some things now, but I think it would be better to wait till Investor Day and really talk to the expert. We're looking at a lot of different options. We're trying to be very practical and realistic, which is why in answer to Mike's question, I wanted to give both the positives but also the things we're very cautionary about. And so it will be interesting. We do have some thoughts at this time, but on December 15, we fully expect that question to be asked and from there to give his thoughts about that.
Richard Verdi: Okay. All right. Fair enough. Thank you, Susan.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ryan Connors from Boenning & Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Ryan Connors: Great. Thanks also for letting me in and again to figure out coming with one more I have since there is time, so rising interest rate environment that we're likely to enter into here that's starting to raise rates, obviously there are various commission look at benchmark rates as a proxy for risk free and there is interest in theory, that's a positive tailwind for ROEs. How does that impact what you do when you're asking -- when you're filing rate cases and what you're asking for an ROE? Do you start to reflect that into higher requests for ROE as the Fed is getting ready to raise rates or talk to us about that dynamic?
Linda Solomon: Yes Ryan, this is Linda and generally what we have seen with regard to past trends is that as interest rate rise then over time that is correlated with increases in the return on equity and so I would expect that moving forward to the extent that interest rates improve that we would see similar trends.
Ryan Connors: Okay. But you used to say that goal to actually -- where do you start building that into what you're asking for? Is that coming later or is that something you've started to do right here as we're sort of getting ready to enter into rising rate environment?
Linda Solomon: Right Ryan and really what we will do, typically most of our states have the cost of capital as part of the general rate case profit and so we would be looking across our states and determining the optimal time to go in for general rate case. We also have some states that have a separate cost of capital mechanism like California which has a set schedule, which we would be -- which is set through 2016 and then we would be setting new rates for 2017. So it will depend on the jurisdiction and it will also depend on a multitude of factors that we look at in terms of the timing of our general rate case filings.
Ryan Connors: Interesting, well thanks for that.
Linda Solomon: Absolutely.
Susan Story: Thanks Ryan.
Greg Panagos: Operator, do we have any more questions? Operator, are you there?
Linda Solomon: Maybe he is experiencing some technical.
Susan Story: Yeah, we can't hear anything. If you can hear us, we can't hear you.
Operator: Pardon me, the next person to ask a question is David Paz of Wolfe Research.
Susan Story: Okay. Great, hi David.
David Paz: Good morning.
Susan Story: David, that's quite a dramatic kind of intro to your question.
David Paz: Yeah, you can take credit for that one, but you may have actually just one of my questions on California, but just can you remind me when the cost of capital proceeding and where ended?
Susan Story: The cost of capital proceeding will be filed in the beginning of 2016, so about March of 2016.
David Paz: Okay. And if you -- it was extended once before correct?
Susan Story: That's correct and it's extended through the end of 2016. We actually begin the filing in the first quarter of 2016 for cost of capital affected in 2017.
David Paz: Right and just remind me, were there any changes to the mechanism when you extended it this last time versus the original I guess agreement?
Susan Story: No, it was extended in its current forms.
David Paz: Okay. And is there any chance for you guys to extend that another year, given that not much has changed on the rate side?
Susan Story: We're always looking at opportunities so that -- and working with the Commission on these types of things as well as the other investor owned utilities in California.
David Paz: Okay. Separately this year have you announced any new large regulated projects like water treatment plants or the like that, that were incremental to the plan you gave last year?
Walter Lynch: This is Walter, no, no, it’s has been in line with what we've said last year. We just continue to upgrade our plants as part of our normal capital investment but no new plants in line.
David Paz: Okay. And you'll give a 2016, 2020 capital plan in December.
Walter Lynch: That’s correct.
David Paz: Great. Thank you so much.
Susan Story: Thanks David.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Thank you, Frank. We would like to thank everyone for participating in our call today. And as always if you have any questions, please call Greg or Durgesh and they’ll be happy to help. Before I let you go, I've mentioned it during the Q&A, I would like to remind you all that we’re hosting our Investor Day at the Western Times Square in New York on December the 15 from 9 AM until noon. We will have a light breakfast beforehand and lunch available for afterword. So it is not the program that attracts you, hopefully the food will. We will be discussing our plan for 2016 to 2020. We'll have added color around 2016. You'll hear updates and projections for our regulated business from Walter as he has already said. An update from Sharon Carmen on our plans for the American Water Enterprise's lines of business, homeowner services, military services and contract services. And as I mentioned before, you'll hear from the CEO of Keystone, Ned Wehler who is going to offer his insight into that business and the market, and of course Linda will provide updates on our financial plans. We hope all of you can attend. The session will be webcast and thanks again to everyone for listening and we’ll see you in December.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect the line.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Greg Panagos - VP, IR Susan Story - President and CEO Walter Lynch - COO, President, Regulated Operations Linda Solomon - SVP, CFO
Analysts: Daniel Eggers - Credit Suisse Ryan Connors - Boenning & Scattergood Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Spencer Joyce - Hilliard Lyons Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities Brian Chin - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Barry Klein - Macquarie Funds Group David Paz - Wolfe Research
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's second-quarter 2015 earnings conference call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's Investor Relations Web site. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 13, 2015, by dialling 412-317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10068691. The online archive of the webcast will be available through September 8, 2015, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the Company's Web site located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Greg Panagos, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Panagos, you may begin.
Greg Panagos: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for today's call. As Gary said, my name is Greg Panagos, and I'm the new Vice President of Investor Relations for American Water. Before I read you our forward-looking statements, I would just like to say I'm happy to be here and excited about the opportunity with American Water. Before I read you our forward-looking statement I'd like to say I'm happy to be here and excited about the opportunity with American Water. While I haven't had the chance to meet most of you yet, I look forward to working with all of you. We'll keep the call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we'll open it up for your questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answer to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the Company's SEC filings. I encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more details analysis of our financials. Also reconciliation tables for non-GAAP financial information discussed on this conference call can be found in the appendix of the slide deck located at the Investor Relations page of the Company Web site. We'll be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question and answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings per share refer to diluted earnings per share from continuing operations. And now I would like to turn the call over to American Waters President and CEO Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the second quarter financial results and Walter Lynch, our COO and President of Regulated Operations, who will give us key updates on our regulated business. I would also like to officially welcome Greg Panagos to our team as Vice President of Investor Relations. Greg has more than 20 years of corporate finance and investor relations experience, including several years in the energy industry. He has served in a number of senior investor relations and communication roles including Barrick Gold Corporation, Transocean, Nobel Energy, and Pennzoil. His knowledge and experience are a great fit for American Water and we're happy to have him join our team. And now for the quarter, once again, our employees delivered solid operational and financial results. We continue to execute our strategies through ongoing investment into our infrastructure, a sharp focus on operational efficiency, and growth in our regulated and market-based customers. Turning to Slide 5, we reported earnings per share of $0.68 for the second quarter. Excluding the impact from the Freedom Industries chemical spill in 2014, this is about an 8% increase compared to second quarter 2014 and a 9% increase year-to-date through June. Based on our performance through the second quarter and also including our known July weather impacts, which Walter and Linda will discuss shortly, we are reaffirming our 2015 earnings guidance to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share. On Slide 6, you see that we continue to deliver on our strategies in both regulated and market-based segments for the quarter and year-to-date. The capital investments we make in our regulated segment continue to be the foundation of our consistent growth. So far in 2015, we've made about $474 million in infrastructure investments to ensure safe, clean and reliable water services for our customers. We plan to invest 1.2 billion to 1.3 billion in capital in 2015, with over a billion dollars of that to improve our water and waste water systems. About $200 million is allocated to regulated acquisitions and strategic investments. Through the second quarter, we invested $41 million in acquisitions, which does not include the Keystone Clear Water acquisition, which closed on July 9th. This is our last quarterly call. We’ve completed the purchase of water and wastewater systems in Haddonfield, New Jersey and Mishawaka, Indiana and in both Arnold and Redfield, Missouri officially adding 19,000 customers to our regulated segments. We also have 17 pending acquisitions which ones approved and closed will give us the opportunity to serve an additional 14,000 customers in several of our states. The largest of these acquisitions is the environmental disposal corporation, which serve 5,300 wastewater customers in Northern New Jersey. This acquisition is a great example of executing on our long-term strategy to focus on wastewater acquisition in areas where we already serve water. Our marketing base segment had a strong second quarter.  Homeowner Services entered into an exclusive contract with the City of Rialto, California to offer service line protection programs to home owners. We’re also recently notified by Wilmington, Delaware of its intent to award an exclusive contract to offer our programs to its residential customers pending city council approval. If approved we expect both of these programs to launch by year end.  As you know our long-term growth triangle includes a market based share component which we have shown could contribute from 0% to 2% of our long-term earnings growth. This is our last call we announced and closed on the acquisition of Keystone Clearwater Solution. Keystone is a water services provider to oil and gas companies in Appalachian Basin which includes the Marcellus and the Utica. Keystone’s leadership which we have left intact has over 30 years of experience in addressing water solutions for Appalachia’s oil and gas market. The tam of 350 employees has a strong reputation for meeting their customers need with a priority on safety and protecting the environment. These values are consistent with American Water’s value and they matter deeply to us and critically important.  Keystone’s offering are aligned with America Water’s core competencies supplying, transmitting, pumping and storing water and developing the infrastructure that goes along with those services. Despite this fact that keeps on a relatively small part of our overall business portfolio we know it faces somewhat different risk than American Water’s traditional lines of business.  As a result we set up legal structure to Keystone. For example we’ve established it under a holding company separate from our existing regulated segment and separate from our market based American Water Enterprises entity. As a reminder American Water Enterprises is the subsidiary that includes our military contract and homeowner services lines of businesses. We expect the shale market will continue to grow for many years given the critical role it plays in energy security and economic prosperity of the U.S. In addition we believe Keystone’s turnkey business model is repeatable in other areas of this industry creating opportunities for expansion in this sector. It’s important to note that over the past few years our non-regulated segment has averaged around 11% of our revenues and 9% of our earnings. We are not going to fundamentally change the risk profile of the company going forward and our long-term plan is that our non-regulated segment in total will not contribute more than 15% to 20% of earnings over the next five years. Additionally the upper part of that range will occur only if the meaningful part of the earnings is lower risk regulated like such as our military services business.  Looking forward we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term earnings per share growth of 7% to 10% through 2019 anchored from our 2013 earnings. Walter will now give an update on our regulated segment.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan. Good morning everyone. As Susan mentioned our regulated business has delivered positive results year-to-date and I’m especially proud of our progress on our efficiency ratio which I’ll talk about in a moment. Let me start by providing you with an update on California on Slide 8. California continues to experience the worst drive in the last 100 years. Based on an overall 25% state mandated reduction our California American Water customers have been asked to reduce water usage anywhere from 8% to 32% depending on their level of water use in 2013.  One of our districts are exceeding those reduction goals. California American Water has launched ambitious conversation outreach programs to reduce water use. This includes mail, radio and social media and door to door efforts on programs such as Turf Rebate, replacement rebate, freely detection devices and water wide surveys. Our conversation stat is active at community events reaching after customers and equipping them with the tool they need to conserve water. As a reminder California American Water has rate decoupling so we do sale volumes do no result in reduced earnings. The other move in California is our water revenue adjustment mechanism or rent filing. As of June 30th we had an under collected rent receivable balance of about $50 million of which almost $45 million related to Monterey district. In order to assist with the impact on our customer bills in that area and to limited future accumulations we files the application with the California Public Utility Commission requesting recovery of the existing Monterey balance along with a return over a 20-year collection period. We also requested that the WRAM account be trued up annually going forward. We expect a decision on the Monterey WRAM Filing in mid to late 2016. As reminder, California American Water is approximately 8% of our total regulated revenue; however, we put a tremendous amount of focus there because issues the state faces offer us an opportunity to fully deploy our numerous water supply and service solution. Many of these, such as our AMI Customer Alert Pilot in Monterey, could apply in many other states where we operate. On July 31st Missouri American Water filed a request with the Missouri Public Service Commission for a general increase of about $51 million. This request includes about $25 million of new revenue and about $26 million of infrastructure surcharge revenue, known as ISRS in Missouri, which gets rolled into base rates at the end of the case. Consistent with our growth strategy, the filing includes $436 million in new infrastructure investments since 2012 to ensure reliable service to our customers. The Company's last filing was more than four years ago, and since then the Company reduced its operations and maintenance expense by about $7 million, which means we're able to invest over $40 million of capital with no impact on customer bills. We estimate that for every $1 of own and expense reduction allows a capital investment of about $6 with no impact on customer bills. I commend our team in Missouri for their disciplined approach to managing costs. The reprocess in Missouri takes approximately 11 months to complete, so we anticipate a decision in the second quarter of 2016. Lastly, in the second quarter we saw wet weather in the Midwest that was offset by dry weather in the northeast. However, we have seen above normal rainfall through much of our footprint in July, which resulted in modestly lower sales. Linda will talk about the known financial impact of this in a moment. Moving to Slide 9, we continue to make steady progress towards achieving our O&M efficiency ratio stretch goal of 34% or less by 2020. We achieved 35.9% for the last 12 months ended June 2015, which is a result of a disciplined approach to cost management by our employees. These efforts, of course, are driven by our focus on the customer and our commitment to clean, safe reliable and affordable water services. This is fundamental to our business. When we achieve smart O&M reductions, we can invest in our water and waste water systems, while mitigation the impact on our customer's bills. Now, I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our second quarter financial results.
Linda Solomon: Thank you, Walter, and good morning everyone. In the second quarter we continue to deliver strong financial results. As shown on Slide 11, revenues were up almost 4% quarter-over-quarter and up 3% year-to-date. We reported earnings per share for the second quarter of $0.68, up about 8% over adjusted earnings for the same period last year. Year-to-date earnings were $1.13 per share, up about 9% over adjusted earnings in the same period last year. On the right side of the page, we show each business segment contribution to 2015 earnings per share. For the quarter, the regulated segment contributed earnings of $0.68 per share or an increase of about 6%. Our market-based segment contributed $0.06 per share in the second quarter, an increase of about 20%. Parent interest in other, which is primarily interest expense on parent debt, was a negative $0.06 per share for the quarter flat to the prior year. Now, I'll go over the different components of our second quarter adjusted earnings per share growth on Slide 12. 2014 adjusted earnings were $0.63 per share. The second quarter of 2015 came in $0.05 above 2014 adjusted earnings at $0.68 per share. Reflecting increases in both our regulated and market-based segments. Our regulated segment benefited from both increased revenues and lower cost of $0.03 each. The higher regulated revenue was primarily from authorized rate increases and higher infrastructure charges. The lower operating and maintenance expense was mostly due to three factors. First, lower transportation expense as a result of lower fuel prices and leased vehicle costs. Second, lower uncollectible expense as we continue to bring collections back toward historical levels after implementation of our customer information system. And third, savings in employee related costs from lower wages, salaries and severance expense. For the market-based segment, earnings per share was up $0.01 due to additional construction projects under our military contracts and the addition of two new military bases in the second half of 2014. We also had contract growth and geographic expansion in our homeowner services business. Partially offsetting these improvements were higher depreciation, taxes and other costs of about $0.02 per share, mainly from growth associated with our capital investment programs at the regulated segment. In the appendix of this slide deck we have included our revenue and expense bridge slides to provide more detail to the variances I just discussed. Now let me cover regulatory highlights on Slide 13. We have three ongoing general rate cases in New Jersey, West Virginia and Missouri for a combined annualized rate request of $127 million. As Walter mentioned, these rate cases continue to reflect our disciplined approach to investing. For rates effective since July 1 of last year through today, we received a total of $55 million in additional annualized revenues from general rate cases, step increases and infrastructure charges. These are the highlights of these cases, and we encourage you review the footnotes in the appendix for more information. Slide 14 is a summary dashboard of our financial performance, which showed improvement across the board. During the second quarter of 2015, we made total investments of $348 million, primarily to improve infrastructure in our regulated segment and for regulated acquisitions. As Susan mentioned earlier, we expect to invest $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion for the full year of 2015. For the quarter, our cash flow from operations increased approximately $14 million, primarily from earnings growth. Our adjusted return on equity increased by approximately 40 basis points over the past 12 months compared to the prior year. We also paid a $0.34 quarterly cash dividend to our shareholders in June which represented about a 10% increase compared to last year, and on July 24, the board of directors approved a $0.34 per share dividend payable in September. As Walter mentioned in his comments related to the California Water Revenue Adjustment Mechanism or WRAM, we requested recovery of the Monterey WRAM balance over a 20-year period along with a return. Based on long-standing precedent in California, we expect to collect the entire WRAM balance; however, due to extending the recovery period, we will recognize a immaterial non-cash, timing-related adjustment to earnings in the third quarter. This adjustment has been factored into our reaffirmed 2015 earnings guidance.  We have now closed the Keystone acquisition for a purchase price of about nine times the trailing 12 months EBITDA. Under our purchase agreement, we will have small purchase price adjustments for changes in working capital, capital investments, and the results of operations through the July 9th closing date. Once we record the acquisition in the third quarter, we will provide additional details. For segment reporting purposes, we will include the operating results of Keystone as part of our market-based business segment. The market-based segment will be comprised of American Water Enterprises and Keystone Clear Water Solutions. Keystone, as Susan noted, is a legally separate entity. Keystone has about 20 EMP and other large corporate customers in the Appalachian region. Today its business is relatively asset light. Its costs are largely variable, and we believe it will be able to capture synergies with American Water. We expect the acquisition to be earnings neutral in 2015 and accretive to earnings per share in 2016. We will provide you additional detail on Keystone during our Analyst Day presentation on December 15th. And, lastly, we mentioned earlier we experienced wet weather in July, which for the month is estimated to unfavourably impact net income by about $4 million. We will be updating you further on the third quarter earnings call. Building on our solid financial performance year-to-date and despite the wet weather in July, we are reaffirming our 2015 earnings guidance to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share, and with that I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Before taking your questions, I would like to take just a couple of minutes to highlight American Water's sustainability leadership. Our Company treats and delivers over a billion gallons of water a day to our customers, and this is just a start of our environmental focus. We have some of the best people in the water industry, and they choose to work here because environmental leadership is a core value at American Water. When you marry great minds with a passion for innovation and sustainability, you can accomplish some pretty exciting results. Let me give you just a couple of examples. Reclaiming and reusing water is an imperative in the face of water supply and infrastructure challenges for future generations. And this isn't just a California issue as some believe. In fact, 40 of 50 state water managers say they expect water shortages in some portion of their state in the next ten years. It will take bold strategies including public/private partnerships to address these challenges. This year Illinois American Water was selected by the Metropolitan Water Reclamation District of greater Chicago, or MWRD, to partner on a beneficial water reuse project. The agency is partnering with us to reclaim, treat and distribute waste water to large water users like manufacturing plants. Through this partnership, Illinois American will build the distribution infrastructure, very many the customer base, buy water from MWRD and resell the water. Once fully operational, this water reuse project will significantly reduce fresh water withdrawals from the Great Lakes. This project has already been recognized by the American Society of Civil Engineers as a game changer in its recent report regarding innovative infrastructure solutions. Let me giving you one other example where we're using water in smarter ways. Geothermal heat pump technology is not new, but an innovative American Water R&D pilot could transform traditional geothermal HVAC systems and introduce a new application in renewable energy. American Water is piloting a geothermal innovation to heat and cool a 40,000-square-foot school on Long Island, New York. Our pilot geothermal system transfers ground temperature from a water main using a heat exchanger, allowing the same system to cool during the summer and heat during the winter. Once unable to have community events or classes during the summer months due to lack of air conditioning, this school has been fully utilized this year with a geothermal installation. This pilot project was actually highlighted at the NARUC Conference in New York City just last month. These exams are just two of our numerous sustainability efforts. We're proud to note that we have already reduced our greenhouse gas emission by 17% since 2007, exceeding our initial target of 16% reduction by 2017, a full two years early. Additionally, our water pump efficiency efforts to date are expected to produce energy savings of 12 million kilowatt hours per year. These are just some of the reasons that American Water was ranked No. 24 of the almost 500 companies listed in Newsweek Magazine's top green companies for 2015, one of only two utilities in the top 25 and the only water utility. We are proud of this recognition because we believe being green is not just good for the environment; it's also good for the bottom line. We believe our company cannot only do well, but we can also do good and with that, we're happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from the Daniel Eggers with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Daniel Eggers: Susan, you kind of talked about Keystone. Obviously, it's an interesting opportunity but the trailing earnings contribution that you guys showed when you bought it wasn't particularly all that large. Is that number of earnings contribution, has that changed since '14 in some appreciable way? And then you kind of look out over forward, what's going to drive that business, you know, with or without an improvement in drilling activity in the region?
Susan Story: We are going on December the 15th, at our Analyst Day, we're going to be providing a deeper look forward in all parts of our growth triangle include Keystone and the shale area.
Daniel Eggers: Is that Southern for you're not going to answer the question?
Susan Story: Yes, it is.
Daniel Eggers: On the growth triangle, you guys said that -- you said non-reg is not going to be more than 15% to 20% of contribution from roughly 10ish % today. Is it that the correct messaging?
Susan Story: That's correct. Currently, over the past three years, our earnings from the market-based business has been around 9%. So that puts it in context. In the past, Dan, we've talked mainly from revenue numbers, so we've actually added more transparency in talking about earnings from that segment as opposed to just revenues.
Daniel Eggers: Okay. I guess we didn't really get into what all is going on with the core of that business these days, but just can you give an update on government contracting and the home businesses and kind of where you're seeing the opportunities right now or where the action's been this year so far?
Susan Story: Sure. You know, one thing because we won the two military bases last year, we're starting to see the revenues as well as some of the working capital we're putting into some of the projects on those bases. There are currently several outstanding RFPs, you know, as we've mentioned before, when they will be awarded is, you know, we never can predict with a tremendous amount of accuracy. There's a chance maybe one could be awarded this year, maybe two to three next year that we're involved with. But what's important on military, and I think it's important and you asked that in your question, on military, it's not just the new bases but the continuing projects that are on the existing bases beyond just O & M contract that we have -- the money we get paid each year for running the water and waste water systems. So I will tell you that we currently have on the books I believe another $200 million of backlog of existing projects to do on the bases that we already have. So for military services, we continue to ensure that we're providing the best water and waste water services for those military men and women who serve our country. On the homeowner services, as we said, you know, we had mentioned about Orlando. We have launched it this year, so we're starting to get customers signing up in Orlando. Orlando also presents for us the first place that we have a much deeper service offering beyond just water and sewer line but also HVAC and in-home plumbing. So that's another opportunity there, and as I mentioned in my comment, we were awarded an exclusive contract that has been signed for Rialto, California, which is about 55,000 potential customers. And then we won the bid for exclusive contract with Wilmington, Delaware, but the City Council still needs to approve that. And we're hoping to launch both of those by the end of the year. So in those two areas, that's what we're seeing from that market-based business.
Daniel Eggers: I guess just one last one too. When you think about moving into these new cities, is there a start-up cost associated with trying to recruit customers and acquisition-wise where you is more expense on the front end as you push into these towns as you get people and it pays off over time, or are you guys amortizing that expense over a longer period?
Susan Story: Dan, we love that you listen to us when you talk to us. Yes. The answer is yes. We have the upfront marketing expenses, and because we have to let people know that we're there and one thing that's important, we put a lot of emphasis on these exclusive partnerships. That's important because in an exclusive partnership, our billing is typically on the city or the municipality or whatever the governmental entity or the entity is that's on their water and/or waste water bill, so for us that tends to be a higher take rate. And that's why those are so important for us as opposed to just we do have areas where we just generally market and we provide separate billing, but the exclusive contracts are really much more effective for us financially.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Connors with Boenning and Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Ryan Connors: A few questions this morning if I might, first, just on the guidance, it seemed like I noticed weather is still a $0.07 plus or minus swing point in the guidance, even here kind of midway through the third quarter I guess, so just wanted to get some color on that. That seemed like it was a little, you know, large in terms of a swing factor there at this point in the year, so I just want to get some flavor on why that's such a large wild card at this point.
Susan Story: Ryan, the chart that we have in there shows the major variabilities as of February 26th, so that's the full year variability. In terms of the impact of weather that we've seen thus far in July it's about $4 million net income. And it's due to wet weather across our system.
Ryan Connors: So it's safe to say that that gap has closed then at this point and we're largely -- that gap has tightened up.
Susan Story: That's right. And this variability chart is the one that we provided to you at the December 15th call.
Ryan Connors: Got it, okay.
Susan Story: One thing as we look at this too, you know, the reason we put multiple items up there is as we establish a range, we understand there's going to be variability. Some of the variability offsets each other. So you don't take each one in isolation, but as you remember, we started in 2013 saying, so why do we have a $0.10 range? Why do we have the range we do? Here are some factors, ups or downs, puts or takes. So it's important to look at all in context [indiscernible].
Ryan Connors: I wanted to talk a little bit just get some color on this WRAM application for the extension there. Now, you mentioned Walter, that the decision there is expected mid to late 2016. It seems like a pretty straightforward, filing and a pretty good deal for the rate payers. So I'm just wondering what the key points of debate are on that filing and where the push back is, if any, on the way that that's structured.
Walter Lynch: Yes. Thanks for the question, Ryan. I think two things. One is the length of time over which we're going to be able to recover it. And the other is the return that we're asking for. It will take time to work through that and that's why we say it will take to mid 2016 to get that decision.
Ryan Connors: And it's my understanding that the application seeks to establish the WRAM balance itself as a regulatory asset. Is that correct? And if so, can you give us a very brief Cliff Notes version of how that works?
Susan Story: Yes, it's essentially setting it up at an accounts receivable from the customer, which would be a regulatory asset.
Ryan Connors: And then, Susan, you mentioned that, you know, that the NARUC summer meetings, some of your sustainability initiatives were highlighted and that's great. Good you also kind of give us any take-aways from those meeting in terms of what's around the corner just looking ahead at the big regulatory developments, any big topics there about, you know, what might be next in terms of policy developments or regulatory, you know, evolution in the water space?
Susan Story: Sure, I'll start it and then Walter may have a couple things since he was at the meetings also. One of the things that we're very excited about that was launched at the summer NARUC meeting is a step forward in terms of not just water energy nexus but to look at -- in most state utility commissions they look separately at electric, gas and water. One of the things that President Edgar rolled out was an effort at NARUC to start looking at where all utilities could come together on common items such as, for example, critical infrastructure, cyber security, looking at how we could work together, looking at the fact that now that things like the mechanisms for infrastructure replacement. There are a lot of issues at state utility commissions that really cross the boundaries of electricity, gas and water, and so there's an effort to create this project or this task force at NARUC to look at what those are and where commissions can work with utilities in a state to find the areas that we can find some common ground and some common efforts. An example for us in California is the Monterey pilot, the AMI pilot that Walter mentioned. What that is, is that we actually partnered with specific gas and electric and we're using some of their backbone to put the water meters there so we can send alerts to those customers they have a very steep tiered pricing structure for water in Monterey, so we can actually send, as part of the customers on the pilot, signals when they're about to enter a new tier of pricing or they've set a budget and we can send them messages when they're getting close to the budget. That's just one an example. We're very involved and actually American Water, we adopt the electric utility industry missed standards for cyber security. We're very involved with the Department of Homeland Security and DOD in those things. So there's a lot efforts like that, and we are very excited at NARUC where we're looking at cross utility-type projects that can benefit all of us.
Walter Lynch: I think Susan did a great job recapping the meeting. I mean the four areas again that she mentioned, water energy nexus and opportunities for us to look for the electric and gases, cyber security in the same way, regulatory mechanisms that are going to be continued to incentivize us to invest and upgrade our water and waste water systems and where can we partner with electric and gases to drive better customer service. Those are the key themes that I saw coming out of NARUC.
Operator: The next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: One question on the Clear Water acquisition, Keystone Claire Water acquisition, keeping in a separate legal structure, how do you think about the optionality that creates if this business continues to grow in terms of potential revisions to the corporate structure, in terms of whether this is a business that, and I don't know if legally it could, is this a business that could eventually wind up in an MLP structure? And if you don't mind addressing that first and then I may do one follow-up.
Susan Story: Okay, sure. We did look at that and I will tell you that just a little more color around the legal structure. So there's separate holding company, that Water Solutions Holding, that actually is the holding company for Keystone Clear Water, and that holding company is 95% owned by American Industrial Water, which is also a separate LLC, and 5% from Sand Hills Management, which is the founding members, which includes the current CEO and President and COO. So we're glad they not only are staying to run the business, they continue to have an equity ownership. So that's how it's structured legally. We did actually, Michael, get -- we took a look at MLPs. A few things just to let you know, so we are constantly monitoring it, the EBITDA last year of Keystone Clear Water was around $15 million. Even some of the smaller MLPs are between $50 million and $70 million EBITDA, so scale-wise, it's just not quite large enough. No. 2, you know, we've just purchased Keystone. You have to have a predictability of the cash distributions. We're continually looking at that as we get into looking at this business. And, of course, the big thing you've got to have really pretty clear visibility into the future growth potential. You know, kind of people talk about the feed the beast issue. So in terms of the future, we're always open to all options that make sense to our shareholder interest, and we are looking at those variety of things. At this point, it doesn't make sense to do a MLP.
Michael Lapides: One follow-up, actually, on the core regulated business and really an M&A question. You all have been excellent over the years in terms of doing kind of small bolt-on acquisitions. What's your thought process around, or what's your market dynamic and opportunity set around, kind of more larger scale M&A. It's, obviously, a far more fragmented business than the electric and gas, but just trying to curious when you look at the landscape of publicly traded or kind ever larger private or municipal owned ones.
Susan Story: I will start and then I want Walter to fill in because he and his team have done a lot of work on this. In terms of looking at other IOUs, you're always looking at the marketplace, but the fact is it's a pretty well valued space out there, but we're always looking at all options. Where I think our sweet spot is, though, something that Walter and his team have put a priority on, so Walter, do you want to talk about kind of the focus going forward on the regulated [indiscernible].
Walter Lynch: Yes. We still pursue the smaller acquisitions but our focus is really on the five to 25,000 customer systems, and we see a number of opportunities. I've been in this business many years, two decades, and this is the best environment for acquisitions that I've seen. I think because municipalities are looking for options, and we, as the largest water and waste water company in United States, have tremendous expertise that we can share with these municipalities. So the opportunities are huge. They're also with some of the fiscal issues that they're facing. It's a tough environment for some of these municipalities. I think the other thing is we work very closely with the legislatures to provide enabling legislation that allows us to pay a fair market value and really reduce the bureaucracy and some of these acquisitions. So that's our focus. We have great people out in our state that are focused primarily on growing the business, from the state leadership teams to the growth teams, and we've -- I think we've been doing a very good job and more to come.
Operator: The next question comes from Spencer Joyce with Hilliard Lyons. Please go ahead.
Spencer Joyce: Just one real quick one here from me, I want to jump back to keystone. Correct me if I misheard, but I believe the purchase may have been qualified as asset light earlier in the call. And when we think about water service, I mean trucks, pipes, tanks asset light is not what comes to my mind. And then to kind of follow-up, if it really were an asset light business, why you would you all have looked an at MLP structure? Can you speak to any of those points?
Linda Solomon: Absolutely, Spencer, let me start and then I'll ask Susan if she has anything to add. In terms of the asset light, you're right. The things that are owned by Keystone are really the pumps, the pipes, the valves and a temporary storage tank. We also see vehicles as part of the assets as well.
Susan Story: And so the current model includes both permanent pipelines as well as temporary pipelines that are owned by Keystone. So that's one element of it today. The assets are -- or the business is very asset light. The audited financials were about $36 million in assets at the end of December. So that gives you a feel for the size of it. As Susan mentioned on the MLP structure, I mean this is one of the things that we look at is what are the future growth potential and can you continuously have a transparent pipeline for growth in the business. And that's one of the key elements to look at from a MLP structure. And Spencer, to add to that when we talk about asset light, we do it in terms of our business overall, which we're so capital intensive in utilities in some spaces that may not seem as capital light. For us it does. However, one of the things we are looking at is the potential remember that as part of [indiscernible] as a 60% owner, there were capital constraints. One of the things we are looking at strategically is the possibly or potential of actually deploying more capital to build longer-term pipelines as opposed to having the ENP fund them. What if we now have the capital, Keystone has the capital to actually fund some of those constructions and entertain things like take or pay contracts or those type things. So the good news is you've got Keystone, which is an outstanding company. And I will tell you just to add to this, I spent a day with those folks out there before we closed, and after we announced the acquisition, and, culturally, they are -- it's been such an easy transition. They are from Pennsylvania. They grew up there. The CEO actually has a background in water, environmental remediation compliance. It's just an outstanding group of people, but they've had a certain suite of services that now with the purchase by American Water, we can maybe can broaden some of those suite of services, which could include more capital.
Spencer Joyce: Just to kind of recap here, so when we think kind of asset light in air quotes, you know, we're maybe drawing a comparison versus the utility, which would be perhaps more capital intensive. And then also from the standpoint of the business maybe a little bit lighter on assets versus what it could be given some of the constraints that [Rex] had previously.
Susan Story: You know what? I could not have said it better myself.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reeder: I'll start out with the an easy point of clarify question. The $4 million net income headwind from weather that you mentioned, does that include July's impact as well? I might have missed that.
Linda Solomon: That is the impact in July and it's across all of our regions.
Susan Story: Yes. Jonathan, one thing we try to do, typically, we don't talk about the month outside the quarter. But because we were able to get the information, we wanted to go ahead and share that. That was not from the second quarter.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. So for the I guess the first half of the year, what was the weather impact?
Linda Solomon: In the first half of the year, we had an increase in demand, or in the second quarter we in an increase in demand, of about $2.7 million. Over half of that was associated with an increase in our commercial customers, and then the remainder of it was weather related. And what we saw was on the residential side, we had hotter or dryer weather in the northeast, and given our geographic diversity, that was offset somewhat by the wet weather that was in the central region.
Jonathan Reeder: So, pretty much if we if through July, I mean you're kind of at break even or so from a weather impact and everything, nothing too major?
Linda Solomon: So we are negative all the way through July from a weather standpoint because we had that $4 million approximate net income impact in July, the month of July.
Susan Story: But yes. But January through June you could say it was break even.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes. Okay. And then…
Walter Lynch: One can offset the other, right.
Jonathan Reeder: Yes. Okay. Then the military bases that you mentioned, you might get awards for this year that they might announce, are these just the ones that you're involved with, or is that kind of encompassing the whole RFP space?
Linda Solomon: We're only tracking the ones we're involved with, Jonathan, and we only -- the ones that we're involved with typically are medium to larger size. We don't get involved with the smaller ones. So there could be.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then do you expect a pickup in the pace of RFP awards going forward, or, you know, maybe you can talk about how many are open right now that you're actively bidding on?
Linda Solomon: There are numerous ones that are open. You know, pretty much probably high single-digits that are open. They're in varying stages. We have best guesses, and they're pretty spread out over the next two or three years, so but you know, you never know. It depends what's going on in Washington, what they're going through. I will tell you that we have this year seen more interest from the air force. In the past the army has been the service that has been most interested, and we still are seeing some RFPs from the army, but we're really seeing a lot of interest in the air force. And Jonathan, what we have disclosed previously is that we are active in several RFPs today with a gross revenue value of $1.5 billion to the extent that we would be successful in all of them.
Jonathan Reeder: You said $1.5 billion gross revenue and that's for the 50 years?
Linda Solomon: Correct.
Jonathan Reeder: Walter, I didn't know if you could give any kind of update on the New Jersey and West Virginia rate cases, how they're kind of progressing and how you would handicap the prospects for reaching settlements?
Walter Lynch: Let me start by saying they're both progressing on schedule. So, typically, New Jersey, it's 9 months to 12 month to get a rate order. We filed in early January. That's going according to plan. In West Virginia, there's a 11-month rate case process, and again it's moving according to schedule so nothing to be concerned about for both of those.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. How about on West Virginia? I mean it's been a bit of a challenge, you know, your past few cases there. You know, you, obviously, had the challenges last year that, you know, weren't necessarily your fault but you needed to respond to them. You know, how is the outlook there? It was a pretty large, you know, ask in part because you haven't gotten what you've needed in the past. What's kind of been the response in West Virginia?
Walter Lynch: Well, our team's doing a great job working through, the rate case process and talking about the value that we provide to our customers. And, we're confident that we're going to continue to make that case and we're hopeful to get a fair outcome.
Jonathan Reeder: Okay. And then what would be the timing on the outcome 11 months would put us into is it early 2016?
Walter Lynch: Around April 1st of 2016.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Brian Chin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Brian Chin: Just piggybacking on the last question, I know it's really early on here, but for the Missouri rate case, just thoughts on possibility of a settlement there. That would be great.
Susan Story : So this we have just filed a rate case in Missouri on July 31st, and so we are going to be working through the process as we normally do in this case.
Walter Lynch: Yes. And, typically, in Missouri it takes 11 months, and we are working through that process and, you know, it's right on schedule even though we just filed.
Brian Chin: Can you remind me again, historically, have you guys gotten settlements in Missouri or not?
Walter Lynch: Yes, we have.
Brian Chin: Great, and roughly at what point in the process does most of the leg work on that settlement and an agreement typically get reached?
Linda Solomon: You know, it really depends on rate case by rate case, company by company. It's really hard to predict that, you know, you go through the process and it can happen as we work together.
Brian Chin: And then one last question for me, because most of my other questions were asked and answered, any update on sort of the corporate headquarters move? I would love to get an update there.
Susan Story: We are in the beginning stages of that. The latest information is that we have received approval of the tax credit in New Jersey, which if we determine that we would move to the Camden location, we would be able to effectuate those tax credits. We are currently in the process of looking for location, and so we are working through that. And to the extent that we can find a location in the Camden area, we are very excited about seeing part of the revitalization in that city.
Brian Chin: Is there a sense of timing as to when you guys will make a decision on what you want to do there?
Susan Story: The credits are for a three year period where the clock started in June. And then we have the opportunity to have an extension of six months automatically and a request of an additional six months that would be due -- that would be met with approval requirements, so a three to four year period.
Operator: The next question comes from Barry Klein with Macquarie. Please go ahead
Barry Klein: This might be a little bit in-depth, but in the pyramid that you always put onto the slides in the presentation, you added -- it looks like you added a new area entitled Other. And I was just wondering if you could please explain what it meant for that portion of the period -- the pyramid.
Susan Story: Well, Barry, that's a great question. We have actually included Other in the past couple of years, but we have not -- you are correct. We have not talked about it a lot. We put that in there because one of the things, one of the advantages we have at American Water with our size and scale, we have our own R&B group and we have 20 scientists. And most of their work is dedicated to finding better ways to do our business, bring efficiency, water quality. We work along with the EPA. We work with foundations, actually, all over the world including Israel as opposed to Europe on new technologies in the water industry. What happens when we do that while the focus of making our business more efficient, we also, at times of opportunity with partnering up with starter companies where out of our deployment in testing we're able to get small interests in some of these businesses. So, you know, not a big thing, but it's called our -- and we have an innovation development process. We actually came up with the process called TNT Express that is used in wastewater plants that reduces the energy of aeration by 50%, and it -- carbon edition by up to 100%. We actually did an international license agreement with Abengoa on that, which, you know, last year maybe was a $0.5 million, not a lot of money. But this other is almost a [holding] category for lots of smaller things like that, that may or may not be something down the road. There's no, in the long-term triangle, we don't assign any weight to it in terms of how much of the growth is going to provide, but we put it up there because there could be some things like that that come up. And, again, this is not big investment into things for the purpose of creating new business. It's investment into opportunities that help our base business be better, but, potentially, could result in some income.
Operator: The next question comes from David Paz from Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
David Paz: Just on the regulated acquisition strategy, I know there have been some companies [indiscernible] on to expand their water business, you know. And they are seeking to buy small water companies. Have you seen competition pick up, or noticeably picked up, for your regulated acquisition?
Walter Lynch: You know, we have -- we operate in 16 states, so we have varying levels of competition in each of the states where we operate, but by far we are the biggest and we have the biggest footprint. It gives us an opportunity to expand out, get to know different municipal leaders, so I think we have a competitive advantage there. I think the other huge competitive advantage we have is that we worked on legislation that allows us to buy wastewater systems and share those costs with our water customers. And, for example, in New Jersey, we have 650,000 customers. When we buy a system, we can spread the cost across that huge customer base and minimize the impact on those customers that we just acquired. So we use that for our advantage. We use that for advanced of our customers and providing great customer service for them.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Susan Story: Well, thank you so much, Gary, and thanks to everybody for joining us today. We had a good quarter, and I just want to remind you that, you know, all of this happens because of the 6700 employees that we have out there every day. We talk about the facts, you know. We talk about the numbers, but these are our employees out there serving one customer at a time every day. And I tell you we are very fortunate in our industry to have some of the best people anywhere, making sure that we are able to be up here today talking about the numbers that we were able to accomplish. So I want to give a shout out to them and thank them for all their hard work. And thank you for all of your questions and for supporting our company.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Durgesh Chopra -  Susan N. Story - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Linda G. Sullivan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division Ryan Michael Connors - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division Spencer Everett Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's Investor Relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 14, 2015, by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10063598. The online archive of the webcast will be available through June 8, 2015, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Durgesh Chopra, Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Chopra, you may begin.
Durgesh Chopra: Thank you, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we'll have time for questions. Now before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these estimates deal with future events, they're subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different than the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. I encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of our financials. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification, if needed, during our question-and-answer session. All statements in this call related to earnings per share refer to diluted earnings per share. And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan N. Story: Thanks, Durgesh. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the first quarter financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO and President of Regulated Operations, who will give us updates on our Regulated Business. Once again, we delivered solid results for the first quarter of 2015 despite challenging winter weather in some of our states. This is a direct result of our employees, who are out there every day working for our customers to make these financial results happen. Turning to Slide 5. Our quarter-over-quarter revenues increased 2.8% to $698 million. Earnings from continuing operations were $0.44 per diluted share. This is a 7.3% increase over the 2014 adjusted EPS of $0.41, excluding the $0.02 cost impact from the Freedom Industries chemical spill in the first quarter of 2014. Turning now to Slide 6. You see our growth triangle and highlights of the progress we're making on delivering on our strategy. Our foundational base for earnings growth continues to be the capital investments that we're making in our Regulated operation in order to provide clean, safe and reliable service to our customers. Through March 31, 2015, we've made about $167 million in infrastructure investments. We plan to invest $1.1 billion in our Regulated Business this year in order to improve our water and wastewater systems, with another $100 million budgeted for acquisitions and strategic investments. Since the start of 2015, we have received rate case approvals and infrastructure surcharges in several of our states. We also filed general rate case requests in 3 states, and we have a pending settlement in Maryland. We're able to make needed infrastructure investments that are good for our customers and which minimize their bill impact through both our continued focus on controlling O&M costs as well as the constructive regulatory mechanisms, which are in many of our states. As we've previously discussed, we increased our 5-year capital spending plan by an additional $200 million to $6 billion total. Walter and Linda will discuss capital investments and O&M efficiency results more fully. Moving to Regulated acquisitions. The agreements we made in 2014 continue to move toward approval and closing. We recently received regulatory approval for the purchase of the wastewater system in Arnold, Missouri. And we're on track for the closing of this and other pending acquisitions by the end of this year. We also announced last week the proposed purchase of Environmental Disposal Corporation, or EDC, adding 5,300 wastewater customers in New Jersey subject to BPU approval. Moving to our Market-Based Businesses. We continue to deliver solid results. Our Homeowner Services business recently launched its exclusive partnership with the Orlando's Utilities Commission offering a warranty service program to its more than 200,000 residential customers. We also announced the renewal of our exclusive contract with the City of Burlington, Iowa and continue to grow enrollments in New York City, Nashville and other areas of the country. If you remember, we entered this business several years ago to address an unmet need that our regulated customers had with regards to the water pipes that were their responsibility, and this business has grown to leverage those competencies. Also, as we look to our Market-Based Business growth, we put special focus on those businesses like Military Services that have a regulated-like risk profile. On our nonregulated shale. There has been a lot of discussion within the oil and gas E&P sector regarding capital reductions and prioritization of the remaining capital. This could potentially provide an opportunity for us, as some of these companies recognize the value of American Water's expertise and our capabilities in developing long-term water supply solutions. While we are continuously evaluating opportunities in this space, we are disciplined in our approach, and we don't have to rely on shale to meet our EPS guidance. Slide 7 illustrates our ongoing commitment to our shareholders. The American Water Board of Directors last week raised the dividend about 10% to $0.34 per share. This is the third consecutive year of double-digit percentage increases to our dividend. Comparing the dividends paid from 2010 through 2014, we're in the top quartile of dividend growth compared to the Dow Jones Utility Average companies and to our water peers. Based on our performance year-to-date, we reaffirm our 2015 earnings guidance from continuing operations to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share. We're off to a good start this first quarter, and we remain committed to delivering on our long-term EPS growth goal of 7% to 10% through 2019, anchored from our 2013 earnings. So with that, Walter will now give us an update on our Regulated Business.
Walter J. Lynch: Thanks, Susan, and good morning, everyone. As Susan mentioned, we're off to a great start in 2015, continuing our commitment to investing in our infrastructure while focusing on improved O&M efficiency to mitigate the rate impacts for our customers. Turning to Slide 10. In recognition of the investments we made to ensure clean, safe and reliable service for our customers, we received a rate order in California providing $5.2 million in incremental revenues effective January 1, 2015. This rate case outcome continues to demonstrate constructive regulation in California, allowing recovery of SAP costs, sharing of onetime proceeds from groundwater contamination litigation and a forward test year approving $126 million in new investments through 2017. Susan will be speaking in more detail later on the call about California water supply challenges, but I wanted to emphasize that we're working hard in California and our other states to balance needed investments with what customers pay for service. In West Virginia, last week, we filed a rate request for $35.6 million. The primary driver in this request is the investment of approximately $105 million in system improvements made since 2012 as well as an additional $98 million that the company plans to expend on recurring and investment projects through February 2017. These capital investments include upgrades to the water distribution system, water treatment facilities, storage tanks and pumping stations. All are necessary to maintain and improve water quality, reliability, fire protection and customer service for approximately 1/3 of the state's population served by West Virginia American Water. The request also includes a reduction in operations and maintenance expenses of $1.1 million when compared to the last rate filing. In fact, the current operations and maintenance expenses are at their lowest levels since 2010. This rate case does not include the costs incurred from the Freedom Industries chemical spill. West Virginia American Water is seeking to defer the recovery of costs related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill to a separate future proceeding. We believe that by moving these spill costs to a separate proceeding, stakeholders can better focus on our ongoing provision of safe, clean and reliable water and wastewater service to our customers. As you know, one of our goals is to pursue constructive regulatory mechanisms and legislation, and we've made some great progress on that front in Indiana. I'd like to highlight 3 of these bills signed into law in the last few weeks. The first is an amended DSIC bill, which increases the DSIC revenue cap from 5% to 10%, further allowing us to replace our aging infrastructure before problems occur. The other 2 bills signed into law include a referendum bill that provides extra time for public education during the sale of a water or wastewater system as well as new legislative authority for the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission to approve the recovery of a reasonable purchase price of a distressed utility. Another highlight in our Regulated operations is our 2014 water quality reports, also called consumer confidence reports. I'm proud to say that, once again, American Water scored well above industry averages for compliance with strict federal standards for water quality and more than 99% compliance with Safe Drinking Water Act standards or approximately 15x better than the industry average for compliance with drinking water quality standards and 20x better than the industry average for meeting all drinking water quality standards. This exceptional water quality record is directly attributable to the dedication and expertise of our people and the investments we make into our systems. Moving to slide 11. We continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio, achieving 36.3% for the last 12 months. And as we've said previously, our stretch target is to achieve an O&M efficiency ratio of 34% or less by 2020. This translates to our disciplined approach to capital investments to help us maintain reliable service while minimizing customer bill impacts. So in closing, and it can't be said enough, our efforts to improve operating efficiencies while ensuring high-quality service and reliability delivers the best value for our customers. And now I'll turn the call over to Linda for more detail on our first quarter financial results.
Linda G. Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. I will start on Slide 13, which is our new format intended to expand the transparency of our disclosures by showing the contribution to earnings per share by each business segment. On the left side of the page, we show our consolidated first quarter results. Adjusted EPS from continuing operations was $0.44 per share, up 7.3% over the same period last year, after adjusting for the 2014 costs associated with the Freedom Industries spill. The Regulated segment continues to be our largest contributor towards earnings in the first quarter at $0.45 per share. Our Market-Based Business contributed $0.04 per share. And our parent company drag, which is primarily interest expense on parent debt from the RWE period, was $0.05 per share. These solid results increased our consolidated adjusted return on equity for the 12 months ended March 31, 2015, by 40 basis points to 8.88%. Now let me discuss the different components of our first quarter adjusted EPS growth from continuing operations on Slide 14. Our starting point is first quarter 2014 EPS from continuing operations of $0.41 per share, which is adjusted for the Freedom Industries chemical spill. We reported first quarter 2015 results of $0.44 per share or $0.03 above 2014 adjusted EPS. The major drivers of this increase were, first, $0.02 from higher incremental regulated revenue from rate increases and infrastructure surcharges for a number of our operating companies, partially offset by decreased demand from declining usage. Next, Regulated O&M was lower by $0.02 due to lower production costs mainly from lower fuel and natural gas prices as well as the positive impacts of the California rate case settlement, which allowed recovery of certain SAP implementation costs previously incurred. Partially offsetting these decreases were higher employee-related costs due to higher pension expense as well as higher uncollectible expense. Depreciation, taxes and other was higher by about $0.01 per share principally from growth associated with our capital investment programs in the Regulated Business. I would also like to note that the operating income of our Market-Based Business was relatively flat in the first quarter compared to last year as the revenue growth was offset by the timing of expenses and higher claims in the Homeowner Services segment due to harsh winter weather. Also due to weather, we experienced delays in some construction projects within the Military business segment, but expect that to pick up in pace in the balance of the year as the backlog of approved projects is currently at approximately $120 million. In the appendix of the slide deck, we have included our revenue and expense bridge slides to provide more details to the variances I just discussed. Now let me cover regulatory highlights on Slide 15, which shows rate cases and infrastructure filings awaiting final order and new rates that became effective since April 1, 2014. In terms of pending rate cases, we are awaiting orders for general rate cases in 3 states, with the largest being New Jersey and West Virginia, for a combined total rate request of $101.9 million. As Walter mentioned, these rate cases demonstrate our disciplined approach to investing. In fact, our 2 large rate cases request recovery of over $975 million in much-needed capital infrastructure investments while reducing requested operating costs by $20 million combined. Also, we continue to await a proposed decision in our Maryland rate case settlement for an additional $0.5 million in revenues, and several of our operating subsidiaries filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure investment charges for a total of $4.4 million. For rates that became effective since April 1, 2014, through today, we received a total of $55.4 million in additional annualized revenues from general rate cases, step increases and infrastructure surcharges. These are the highlights of these cases, and we advise you to review the footnotes in the appendix for a fuller understanding of particular cases. Turning to Page 16. I am pleased to announce that in late April, Moody's Investors Service changed American Water's outlook to positive. This highlights our value offering as a geographically diversified regulated utility and our commitment to managing the overall financial strength of the company while maintaining our disciplined approach to investing. And we're really proud of that. Slide 17 is a summary dashboard of our performance in the first quarter. During the first 3 months of 2015, we made capital investments of approximately $167 million to improve infrastructure in our Regulated Business. For the full year of 2015, we continue to estimate our total capital plan to be $1.2 billion, most of which will be in our Regulated Business. The decrease in cash flow from operations during the quarter reflects changes in working capital. A significant portion of the change was related to higher cash collections in the first quarter of last year as we delayed some 2013 billings into the first quarter of 2014 when we implemented our new customer information system in late 2013. In terms of our dividend increase, we increased the dividend by about 10%, which is in line with 2014 EPS growth. This annualized increase puts our payout ratio at 52% when compared with the midpoint of our 2015 earnings guidance range or at the lower end of our target payout ratio of 50% to 60%. And building on the 7.3% increase in earnings per share this quarter, we are reaffirming our 2015 earnings guidance from continuing operations to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share. With that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan N. Story: Thanks, Linda. In closing, we're going to highlight American Water's leadership in delivering innovative solutions to address the 2 key water issues facing our nation today: water supply and aging infrastructure. These are very real issues that will affect our economy, our standard of living and other basic life functions into the future if we don't plan well and execute the right actions now. Unlike electricity, where you can build a plant to create more, if you have reduced surface water or groundwater supply and you've optimized conservation, your remaining options are pretty much desalination and water reuse. American Water is leading in all of these supply options as well as in conservation efforts. California offers us the opportunity to utilize this wide array of expertise. As many of you know, with the drought worsening, the Governor of California issued a 25% mandatory reduction of water usage. Our Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project is a critical part of addressing the ongoing drought there while reducing our dependency on the Carmel River for supply. This project includes a total investment of about $300 million, which includes a desalination plant, which will be owned and operated by California American Water as well as 30 miles of pipeline, 2 booster stations and a reservoir. This energy can be up to 55% of the cost of operating a sea water desal plant. We will employ energy recovery devices to lower the plant's power use, and we hope to purchase half of the power needed from an adjacent landfill site. The plant will also include an innovative subsurface intake system, which uses slant well technology that draws sea water underneath the sand near the shoreline and avoids the harming of marine life posed by traditional open-ocean intakes. Lastly, we're adding 2 additional Aquifer Storage and Recovery wells to capture excess winter flows from the Carmel River, which can be used during the dry summer months. Conservation is also critical in California, and we've been a leader for years in educating our customers, offering rebates for water-efficient appliances and fixtures and providing incentives for drought-tolerant landscaping. Our customers have already reduced their water usage significantly statewide and as much as 17% in Sacramento since 2013. In addition to further promoting and educating customers on our current conservation programs and efforts, we are piloting a unique program in Monterey using advanced water meter technology that will enable customers to more proactively manage their water use. They will be able to download individual daily water consumption information to monitor their use, set up text or e-mail alerts to let them know if a leak is detected or let them know when they are about to enter a new price tier or exceed a self-determined budget amount. All of these efforts are supported by constructive regulation that balances the long-term sustainability of the water supply and the utilities that treat and deliver that water. We realize that as the nation's largest investor on water and wastewater utility, we have to take the lead in solving our country's water and wastewater challenges. Our 6,400 employees take that responsibility very seriously, and we will ensure that our customers have the water services they need every day to live safely and comfortably. And with that, we're happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Daniel Eggers from Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just looking at Slide 11, you guys are showing kind of progression toward your stretch target on the efficiency ratio. Is 34% feeling like a stretch given the fact that you've got 4 years to get there? Or is that number going to keep pushing lower and you're going to surprise us again?
Walter J. Lynch: Well, the 34% is our stretch target. And as you know, as you get closer to that, it gets a little bit more difficult. So we still see that as achievable. But it's also a stretch target, so we're working towards that.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So the rate of improvement is going -- we should be assuming in our numbers the rate of improvement is kind of coming to a much slower move than what we've seen in the last few years?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, I'd agree with that.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. On the -- on Slide 33 in the back, where you guys show the acquisitions completed last year and then what's kind of in process this year. Can you just remind us how much money was spent on the acquisitions capital investment-wise in '14? And then what is the total amount that you'd be putting forth in '15 to close the deals that are ongoing?
Linda G. Sullivan: Dan, we had about $8.4 million that we incurred in 2014 for the closed acquisitions. And then we are -- currently have approximately $100 million that we have set aside for strategic acquisitions and regulatory acquisitions for the full year this year for these acquisitions as well as other pending.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So Linda, you're going to have to find some more deals than what's on here to get to the $100 million dollars. Is that right?
Linda G. Sullivan: Yes. And remember, Dan, we also have some flexibility in terms of the capital spend to deal with some timing issues there as well.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just one last question on the nonreg side. Revenues are up fairly nicely in the quarter, but the expenses moved in step. Did you guys prefund some of the military work in the first quarter so that there'll be more profit ongoing? Or is that -- or just maybe explain why those things kind of moved at the same rate.
Linda G. Sullivan: Yes. So we do see an increase in the costs associated with the military contracts that is tracking with the revenue that we recorded. We also had some timing issues in the HOS business as we had some marketing and start-up costs with Orlando and other contracts. And then we also -- as we continue to optimize the Contract Services business, we had some onetime adjustments last year.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So if I were to think about normalizing out kind of the Orlando upfront and some of those contract adjustments, how much extra cost was that in the quarter? Just to try and get our variance right.
Linda G. Sullivan: So I don't have those numbers right in front of me, Dan. But I think we can -- the way that we look at it is that we've included all of those costs in our reaffirmed earnings guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza from Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: So the delay that I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks for the military contracts, was that more administrative? Or maybe just a little bit of color there.
Linda G. Sullivan: It was actually more weather-driven.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, got it, got it. That's helpful. On the E&P business, I think this has sort of been highlighted as a potential opportunity for some time. Are we sort of still in the early phases? Or are we kind of getting to the point where we'll see some inflection points?
Susan N. Story: Shar, this is Susan. We are -- there are a lot of changes, as you know, in the E&P space. What we have found, interestingly, is that as a lot of the E&P companies are reducing their capital, they tend to look more toward their core business. And for the ancillary services, we found that there are more who are willing to sit down and talk. The real issue becomes the ability to do a partnership that is mutually beneficial. And as we have said before, we are not going to go with a high-risk profile to get into that business. So anything we enter would have to require the -- we would have to get the return of any capital we expend in a short period of time, so we are in discussions with different groups. I think it depends on the deal. And we also want to make sure that it leverages the core competencies we have in the water business and doesn't get far outside of that. So yes, we continue conversations. In terms of are we close or not, it just depends on the deal and as we see the rest of this year unfold. One thing we do know is in our regulated side on shale, in 2015, we actually -- looks very good for us. Because as -- while they are not opening as many wells, the ones they have are much more productive. So on the regulated side, we're seeing some movement there. On the unregulated, we just have a different way of looking at it to ensure we remain disciplined.
Shahriar Pourreza - Guggenheim Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it, got it. That's very helpful. And then just top level, pretty good growth in the nonregulated business. Is this sort of a refreshed viewpoint on how large you sort of want this business to be as a percentage of consolidated results?
Susan N. Story: Shar, as we've said before, currently, the revenues from the Market-Based Business is about 10% or 11%. And so our goal is for the revenues or even net income to -- really, let's talk about revenues first -- not to be over 15% to 20%. And we would only be comfortable over 15% if that was the growth in Military Services and those parts of market base that are very regulated-like because we are constantly looking at the overall company risk profile to ensure that we don't move that profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Connors from Boenning and Scattergood.
Ryan Michael Connors - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a big-picture question regarding the overall national regulatory landscape and specifically, regulated returns on equity -- awarded returns on equity, which have been kind of on a downward trend in the last several years. I wanted to get your view on the outlook for ROEs. In particular, whether you think that an improving economy and potential increase in interest rates could actually lead to a rebound in awarded returns over the next 12 months plus.
Linda G. Sullivan: So if we look out from ROEs, they are largely driven by changes in interest rates. And so if interest rates go up, we would expect to see some increase in ROEs as well. In terms of recent decisions, we have had our cost of capital decision in California, extended at 9.99% through the end of 2016. We did have our Indiana rate case approved with an increase from 9.7% to 9.75%. So we are seeing just slight movements in the ROE.
Ryan Michael Connors - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, that's encouraging. And then my next question has to do with the California situation. We're kind of trying to get our arms around, conceptually, how the decoupling mechanism will be impacted by the conservation declines. And I guess, my question is, in theory, decoupling renders any consumption decline a nonevent. But obviously, the magnitude of these declines are -- exceed what the PUC might have envisioned when they designed the system. So my question is, does this or will this complicate the implementation of the decoupling mechanism over the next -- as these huge consumption declines work through the system? And I guess, specifically, could the WRAM balances get to such a -- so large that the PUC decides to extend the collection period over a longer time frame to eliminate rate shop, I guess?
Linda G. Sullivan: Right, Ryan. And we're looking at that very carefully in California as to what would be the cash impact and the recovery period to the -- for any delays in collections under the WRAM mechanisms. The WRAM mechanisms now, with the California rate case, are in virtually all of our areas. In California, they've been now approved. This has been a mechanism that California has supported for quite some time. And it really does drive the alignment of the utility companies and the customer to conserve and to work through the drought-related issues.
Susan N. Story: And also, one thing that's interesting is there's a national discussion about the price of water. And there are those who would say that out west, where you are having the scarcity, you're starting to see more appropriate value placed on water. And so as we look at this, we compare it to where we've been in the past. It will be interesting to see where this goes in the future, though, especially as in 50 of the states in the U.S., 40 water managers say that parts of their state, they believe, will be in drought in the next 10 years. So I think the wider discussion about the value of water and what we do in terms of putting a price on water is pretty important, and we may see that in California. We already are seeing that in California.
Linda G. Sullivan: Yes. And Ryan, to both your point on ROE as well as California, we do operate in 16 regulated states. So we do have a diversified portfolio here, and California represents just slightly less than 8% of our total revenue.
Ryan Michael Connors - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Right, right. Okay. And just a quick question. Obviously, you can't disclose what the content of this would be, but are you engaged -- or has the PUC engaged yourself and other peers and to sort of discuss these issues and start to frame the regulatory response? Or is it sort of a black hole at this point?
Susan N. Story: I wouldn't say it's a black hole. I will tell you that our team at California American is always looking for ways to work with our customers, find ways that we can work to ensure that the regulatory process is operated as they're intended to operate. And so we sit down at the table and open forums. Our President, Rob MacLean, participates in a lot of the water forums and water conferences. So we're engaged in the dialogue throughout the State of California.
Ryan Michael Connors - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then just one final -- just quick one for me is, the increase in claims on the Service Line Protection, I assume that cold weather was a factor there. But was there anything else going on that we need to be aware of in that respect?
Linda G. Sullivan: An increase in the number of contracts as well as cold weather.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Spencer Joyce from Hilliard Lyons.
Spencer Everett Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones here from me. First one, I want to ask about the New Jersey rate case. That $66.2 million of revenue asked, is that inclusive of amounts that are already being recovered via the DSIC?
Walter J. Lynch: No, that's outside the DSIC mechanisms. They'll be included as part of the rate case in the end. But the $66 million is for other things, investment. As you know, if you've been following closely, we reduced our costs by $19 million since the last rate case. We invested $775 million in the infrastructure, and that's more than we've ever spent in New Jersey. And so asking for 9.9%, we think, is a big win considering it was 3 years since our last rate filing.
Spencer Everett Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Yes, absolutely very helpful. And also, sticking with the New Jersey DSIC, we'd gotten on a pretty good semiannual cycle there. With the rate case in progress now, is it safe to assume that we may have a bit of a stay-out from the DSIC asks? Or would those be totally separate items there?
Walter J. Lynch: No, we timed the DSIC with the rate case. So we filed in early January. Typically, it takes 9 to 12 months for the rate case to make its way through the BPU to get an order. We're right in line with that. And again, we timed the investment in DSIC with the timing of the rate case so that we're-- we can continue to invest up to the cap.
Spencer Everett Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay, perfect. Separately, and from kind of a broad standpoint, have you seen, perhaps, the California drought discussion have any ripple effects across some of your other jurisdictions? And I guess, specifically, I was surprised to see residential volumes down 6% on a firm-wide consolidated basis. Is that -- perhaps more of that's California than I'm expecting, but are you seeing any other usage declines that may be outside of drought-stricken areas?
Linda G. Sullivan: Yes, Spencer, there -- if you look at Slide 27, it shows our billed volumes for this quarter compared to last quarter. And there's a lot of noise in those billed volumes because we were implementing our customer information system in late 2013. And as a result of that implementation, we held some of our bills to ensure that we had a thorough review and we verified that they were accurate. And so we had higher bills that went in -- that went out in the first quarter of 2014, which is what's really causing that difference. If you look at the actual revenue piece of it, that's where those differences are trued up in the unbilled revenue line item. And the year-over-year declining usage was actually $3.3 million.
Spencer Everett Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay, perfect. I did notice the revenue didn't quite decline with the volume, but that makes a lot of sense.
Susan N. Story: And Spencer, from a big-picture standpoint, people are watching California. I think Texas is the next state that would be closest to that in terms of dealing with water supply issues. But we also know that in several states, especially the Mississippi, we tend to have rainfall amounts that have been more normal. So unless -- it's pretty local. So when we're in these national conferences and we talk to folks, they're mindful of what's going on in California, but they're not really doing some of the same things. They're just kind of checking to make sure they have adequate water supplies. And it actually helps us in terms of the replacement of aging infrastructure, where in the country, overall, we lose 25% of all treated water every year through aging infrastructure, through leaks and all. So this actually helps our case on the aging infrastructure replacement because as we move into a time where they may be less water supply, we cannot afford to lose our water through leaks.
Operator: Having no further questions, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for closing remarks.
Susan N. Story: Thank you so much. So before we conclude our call, I want to remind everyone that our second quarter earnings call will take place on Thursday, August 6, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time. We also would like for you to save the date for our 2015 Analysts Day, which will be held on December 15 in New York City. We'll provide you more information about this as we get closer. We appreciate your interest in American Water, and we commit to continue to be responsible stewards of your investment and the confidence that you place in us. We look forward to speaking with you all again soon. Thanks.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Susan Story - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Walter Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Linda Sullivan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: James Ward - Macquarie Capital Brian Chan - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Fourth Quarter and Year-End 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with the accompanying slide presentation through the company's investor relations website. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through March 5, 2015, by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088 for the U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10059769. The online archive of the webcast will be available through March 25, 2015, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. And as usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour; and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. We also encourage you to read our 10-K on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of our financials. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide further classifications if needed during our Q&A session. All statements in this call relating to earnings per share refer to diluted earnings per share. And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning everyone, and thanks for joining us. With me today are Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the fourth quarter and year-end financial results; and Walter Lynch, our COO and President of Regulated Operations, who will give key updates on our Regulated Business. Also joining us today is the newest member of our executive leadership team, Mike Sgro, who was announced last week as our Senior Vice President and General Counsel. Mike is a 22-year employee of the company who has a deep understanding of our business, our customers and our employees. We are excited to have him join our leadership team. So onto business, the employees of American Water delivered strong results in 2014 for both the fourth quarter and the full year. With customers at the centre of all we do we made smart and timely investments in our infrastructure to ensure the continued reliable delivery of clean and safe water and water services, and we leveraged our increasing operating efficiency gains and technology deployment to ensure continued affordability for our customers. As you can see on Slide 5, our year-over-year revenues increased 4.6% to just over $3 billion. Adjusted net income from continuing operations was at 10% to $2.43 per share. The increase in EPS is due to the successful execution of our strategy, which Walter and Linda will discuss in just a few minutes. Turning now to Slide 6, you see we delivered on our strategies in both the regulated and the market-based businesses in 2014. We made about $1 billion in infrastructure investment, which is $100 million more we originally planned. This increased investment is due to the hard work of our employees and our continuous improvement in both O&M and capital efficiency. It also demonstrates our flexibility to deliver on our growth goals, while keeping customer bills affordable. These needed investments help improve service reliability and water quality for our customers, but the full value of these investments go beyond infrastructure renewal. Our investments also pay dividends by creating jobs and helping the economies of our community. According to data from the Water Research Foundation every $1 million of infrastructure investment creates five direct jobs and 11 indirect jobs. This means our total investment of $1 billion in 2014 helped fuel about 16,000 jobs in the communities and the states we serve. Using this framework, over the past five years we have created about 75,000 jobs, and looking to the next five years our $5.2 billion in regulated infrastructure investment out of our total $6 billion capital budget equals over 83,000 new jobs. In addition to regulated capital investment in 2014, we also grew our company through regulated acquisitions. We formally closed on 13 acquisitions adding about 4500 customers to our regulated footprint and we have 11 announced pending acquisitions for an additional 21,500 customers. Additionally, in a joint press conference on February 3, the City of Mt. Vernon and Illinois American announced an agreement in principle for us to purchase their water and wastewater system, which serve about 6500 water customers and 6200 wastewater customers. The parties are working to finalize details of the transaction and a city council vote is expected in the near future. Constructive regulatory mechanism and legislation in many of our states help us to make needed investments for the benefit of our customers, while minimizing their bill impact. Some of the newer and more progressive actions that provide these opportunities include New Jersey’s new Water Infrastructure Protection Act signed into law just this year, Pennsylvania’s wastewater DSIC mechanism, which became effective January 1 and Tennessee’s year-old investment in economic development riders and environmental pass through clause. Our market based business also had an excellent year. Our military services group won two competitively bid contracts within the US Department of Defense, and our Homeowner Services group expanded into eight new states and received notice of intent to be awarded an exclusive utility services protection agreement with the Orlando’s Utility Commission. In 2015, we will be launching this exclusive partnership, which will include our water line, sewer line and in-home plumbing and interior electric protection program. Additionally, our exclusive partnerships with the City of New York and Nashville’s Metro Water Services continue to grow as does our contract with Burlington Iowa, which was recently renewed. American Water values our public-private partnership, also known as PPP, and we enjoy partnering with these strong and successful public entities in mutually beneficial initiatives. And always critically important, we show on Slide 7 our ongoing commitment to our shareholders. The American Water board of directors again declared quarterly cash dividend payments in 2014 and raised the dividend to $0.31 per share this past May. We are proud to note that we have increased our dividend every year since our IPO in 2008, and we’re one of the fastest dividend growing utilities in the nation. In fact, in the last one, three and five-year periods we have achieved top quartile dividend paid growth compared to the companies in the Dow Jones Utility Average and our water peers. We are reaffirming our 2015 earnings guidance from continuing operations to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share. This is despite the headwind of increased pension expenses due to mortality table changes of around $0.03 per share and our previously disclosed estimate of West Virginia legal cost of about $0.02 per share. As noted, this $0.05 is included in our affirmed guidance range. Linda will discuss this issue in more detail in just a few minutes. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term EPS growth goals of 7% to 10% through 2019, anchored from our 2013 earnings. With that Walter will now give an update on our regulated business.
Walter Lynch: Thanks Susan and good morning everyone. As Susan mentioned we are very pleased with our accomplishments in 2014. Our regulated operations achieved significant growth, continued our commitment to investing in infrastructure and through increased efficiency and effective cost management, we were able to mitigate the rate impacts to our customers. A good example of this is our recent New Jersey rate filing. Last month New Jersey American Water filed with the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities for a rate increase of slightly less than 10%. The company’s last filing was 3.5 years ago and since then the company invested more than $775 million to replace, rehabilitate and upgrade its treatment, pumping and distribution facilities statewide. By our continued focus on efficiencies, the company actually reduced its operating and maintenance expenses by more than $19 million. We estimate that every $1 in O&M expense reduction allows a capital investment of about $6 with no impact on customer bills. So that $19 million in cost reduction supported approximately $125 million in investment with no impact on customer bills. If approved, this file the typical residential customer’s average monthly water bill will increase approximately $5 to $8 per month and the majority of our waste water customers will see no increase and some will actually see a small decrease. In this filing the company filed a consolidated tax adjustment methodology as per the new BPU policy. Additionally through our DSIC filings we renewed over 160 miles of mains, valves, hydrants and other eligible assets. So you can clearly see that through cost reduction, efficiency improvement and regulatory mechanisms like DSIC we’re making the needed infrastructure improvements to ensure reliability and quality for our customers, while keeping the cost of that service affordable. Moving onto California, our subsidiary, California American Water, along with three other Class A water companies have reached an agreement with the California Public Utility Commission to defer the next cost of capital application to March 31, 2016. So this extends our authorized return on equity of 9.99% through 2016. Lastly we reached a settlement in our Indiana rate case filing. The agreement includes a forward-looking rate base with an increase in ROE to 9.75%. The $5.1 million or 2.6% increase in operating revenues is based on more than $220 million of investment in our water and wastewater systems across the state balanced by reducing our operating and maintenance expenses. Similar to New Jersey, our $5.5 million in cost reductions in Indiana supported approximately $33 million of investment with no impact on customer bills. For most of the companies’ residential customers this increase in water rates is approximately 2% of the current bill or just under $0.03 per day.  I also want to give you a brief update on the train derailment that occurred in West Virginia last week. As many have heard in media reports, on February 16 West Virginia American Water’s Montgomery treatment plant was shut down as a precaution after a train carrying crude oil derailed beside a tributary of the Kanawha River and that was a few miles upstream of our plant. For clarification, this was a different plant than the one that was impacted by the Freedom Industries’ chemical spill. Our customers in the Montgomery area, who had water until the system’s storage was depleted, were notified of the shutdown and our team in West Virginia sourced local bottle water supplies as well as larger supplies of water for our customers. The West Virginia National Guard 35th Civil Support Team and technicians at our laboratory performed three rounds of water quality testing confirming that water quality samples taken at different locations at the river and at the plant showed non-detectable levels of the components of crude oil. Following our discussions with the West Virginia Bureau for Public Health we restarted the plant at 1 PM on February 17, starting the restoration of service for fire protection and sanitation, and we subsequently issued a precautionary boil water advisory for customers. Water service was restored to all customers on the morning of February 18, and the precautionary boil water advisory was lifted just before 1 PM on February 19 after the results of water quality testing confirmed that water quality met all the drinking water standards. And once again our team in West Virginia has done an outstanding job in this event. Turning to Slide 11, you can see how our significant progress in driving operating efficiencies in our business over the last few years has really made a positive impact. Our O&M efficiency ratio has gone from 44.2% in 2010 to 36.7% in 2014. As many of you know, our initial target was to be at or below 40% by 2015. So we actually met our goal a couple of years early. Thanks to the remarkable achievement of our employees in driving costs out of the business and as a result of our sharp focus on continuous improvement we established a new long-term target of 34% or less by 2020. I talked about the impact of this in our New Jersey rate case specifically, but this achievement can be seen in all of our rate filings. A few years ago nearly half of our revenue requirement in rate filings was based on recovery of operating expenses. In a very short period of time, we have successfully turned that around until recovery of invested capital. By 2013, 95% of our revenue requirements in our filings was due to recovery of capital and in 2014, we reached the 100% mark for filings that went into effect that year. Actually this story is even better than this because as I noted earlier our O&M cost reductions have allowed us to make significant investments without corresponding revenue requirement increases. As I have said all these efforts to operate as efficiently as possible enable us to minimize rate impacts on our customers. Our five year plan calls for an average price increase in customer bills of about 2%, which is in line with the current rate of inflation. We are thrilled with this progress and once again it goes back to putting the customers at the centre of everything we do.  I will now turn the call over to Linda for a more detailed review of our financial performance.
Linda Sullivan: Thank you, Walter and good morning everyone.  I will start on Slide 13. This is a new format intended to expand the transparency of our disclosure based on feedback from you and other investors by showing the contribution to earnings per share by each business segment for 2014. On the left side of the page we show our typical annual and fourth-quarter results. Adjusted EPS from continuing operation was $2.43 per share, up 10% over last year and for the quarter was $0.52 per share, up 8% over the same period last year. On the right side of the page is where we add a disclosure to show the contribution to 2014 adjusted EPS from each business segment. The regulated segment continues to be the largest contributor towards earnings at $2.45 per share. Our market based businesses contributed $0.22 per share and our parent company drag, which is primarily interest expense on the parent debt generated from the RWE acquisition of American Water was $0.24 per share. On a year-over-year basis, the adjusted EPS of each of our regulated and market based segments grew at about 10%. I trust you find this new format helpful.  Now let me discuss the different components of our fourth-quarter adjusted EPS growth from continuing operations on Slide 14. Our starting point is fourth-quarter 2013 adjusted EPS from continuing operations of $0.48 per share, which excludes last year’s cost of the tender offer of $0.14.  The fourth quarter of 2014 came in $0.04 above 2013 adjusted EPS at $0.52 per share. The major drivers of this $0.04 increase were first, $0.02 from higher regulated revenue, which is the net impact of authorized rate increases and incremental revenue due to acquisition, partially offset by decreased demand as we continue to experience declining usage in the 1% to 2% annually. Next earnings per share of our market based businesses was up $0.03 per share driven by additional projects associated with our military contracts and growth in homeowner services, mainly with our New York City contracts as well as expansion into other geographic areas.  Lastly we had higher depreciation expense of about $0.01 per share principally from growth associated with our capital investment programs at the regulated business. In the appendix of this slide deck we have included our revenue and expense bridge slide to provide more detail to the variances I just discussed. One Slide 15, we show our annual EPS bridge. Similar to the fourth quarter we had increases in regulated revenues and market based businesses, offset by higher depreciation and taxes. I will not cover this in detail today as most items are duplicative to what I discussed on the previous slide and in previous earnings calls. Now let me cover the regulatory highlights on Slide 16, which shows rate cases and infrastructure filings awaiting final order and new rates that become effective in 2014 through today. In terms of pending rate cases, we are awaiting orders for the general rate cases in three states for a combined total rate request of $57.1 million, which includes our New Jersey rate case filed in January, which Walter discussed earlier. Also we continue to await a proposed decision in our California rate case settlement with ORA and other intervenors, and our Tennessee subsidiary filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure investment charges of $2.4 million. For rates that became effective in 2014 and through today we received $88.4 million in additional annualized revenues from general rate cases, step increases and infrastructure surcharges. This includes the Indiana rate case settlement which became effective in January. These are the highlights of these cases and we advise you to review the footnotes in the appendix for a fuller understanding of particular cases. Also in the appendix, you will find an updated slide of our largest 10 states and their authorized rate base and allowed return on equity. Slide 17 is a summary dashboard of our performance in 2014. Through successful execution of our strategy, we achieved increases in all metrics, earnings per share, cash flow from operations, and return on equity, while increasing our investments in infrastructure to $1 billion for the year. On slide 18, we are reaffirming our 2015 earnings guidance from continuing operations to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share. Please note that within this guidance range, we have a revision from our December guidance call. We have adopted the new mortality tables issued by the Society of Actuaries which increases pension and other postretirement benefits expense by $0.03 per share. By driving additional cost savings and efficiencies we are now absorbing this $0.03 impact within the guidance range. Also as a reminder, the 2015 guidance already includes as part of that range, a $0.02 impact due to West Virginia legal costs from the Freedom Industry’s chemical spell. Now, let’s talk about variables to the guidance range. Weather of course is the biggest variable. Our guidance range is expected to cover normal weather variability, weather extremes beyond this band are not included in the guidance range, as this has been our practice, we will continue to quantify and disclose weather impacts for greater transparency. We also expect a certain amount of volatility in the regulated business, mainly from the timing and amount of rate case decisions and O&M expense variability. In the market-based businesses, we experienced volatility around the timing of awarding new contracts, military price determinations and the opportunity for additional contracts and partnerships. And lastly Shell activity could vary± a penny. On the right side of the page is a look at the expected growth for 2015 by category consistent with our earnings guidance. With that I’ll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan Story: Thanks, Linda. Last year we began concluding each of our earnings call by highlighting initiatives or recent news that maybe outside of what we would typically covered during this call. This quarter we are going to highlight American Water’s Activity in the Shell Energy Market which is based on our ability to provide water services in a sustainable, environmentally responsible manner to our customers into the communities we are privileged to serve. On the regulated side of our business, our Pennsylvania American Water subsidiary currently have 45 active connections to the Shell Energy Well. We sold 604 million gallons of water to gas producers in 2014. While most energy companies have reduced their 2015 CapEx spending projections, many of these companies have delivery commitments to midstream pipelines and so they should continue to drill in 2015 to make those commitments. The E&T companies we partnered continue to rely on us as a primary source of water for Shell Gas development activities in Western Pennsylvania. The overall oil and gas activity in the state increased only about 10% in 2014 over 2013 but our water sales have increased at a much greater rate. The increase in 2014 revenues was due to a number of infrastructure improvement projects that became operational during the latter part of the year. The same factors are expected to support similar performance in water sales for Pennsylvania American in 2015. Consistently, the Marcellus and Utica are considered by the E&P companies as their lower cost gas place to develop and they should remain so. Further, a large number of our regulated water services followed in the Marcellus wet gas region, which historically has been more profitable than the dry gas area. In our market-based business, focused on Shell, we're exploring longer-term water supply plans with key producers. With reduced CapEx in place for many of these companies, we could possibly see opportunities for water supply contracts as the E&P’s focus there for prioritize capital for well developments rather than ancillary services. It is uncertain how this will play out but American Water is evaluating various scenarios. As a reminder, market-based Shell represents 0% to 1% of our EPS growth triangle for 2015 and 0% to 2% of our long term earnings growth plan. While we are pursuing opportunities in this area, we are disciplined in our approach and we don't have to rely on Shell to hit our long-term EPS guidance. With the opportunity Shell presents for our nation’s present and future energy security and for our company 's potential role in that future, we announced the last week that Karl Kurz was elected as an independent member of the American Water Board of Directors. Karl is the former chief operating officer at Anadarko Petroleum Corporation, one of the largest independent oil and gas exploration and production companies in the world. Most recently, Karl served as the Managing Director of CCMP Capital Advisors, a global private equity firm. WE are excited to have somebody with Karl’s experience to become part of American Water. And with that we are happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from James Ward of Macquarie Capital. Please go ahead.
James Ward: Could you give us a bit more color on acquisitions of wastewater systems and roughly how many anticipate for the next year or two?
Walter Lynch: This is Walter, I’ll take that question. It’s one of our strategic focus areas as growing on the wastewater side and we've been in discussions with a number of municipalities and just that acquiring the wastewater systems and you can see from some of the acquisitions we have done over the last year, that has really hold. We are going to continue to have those discussions primarily at the state level, the state teams are focused on having those discussions and convincing the municipality that there's a benefit to becoming part of American Water and we've been pretty successful there, but it is a key focus area for us and we are going to continue to have those discussions and hope so of acquiring the systems.
James Ward: So just to get a sense number-wise, do you see it probably coming along the same pace, do you see an acceleration, just trying to -- from a modeling perspective trying to get a sense of how many you would see going forward.
Walter Lynch: So far, I mean we are adding about two-thirds wastewater and one-third water. It shows I think the opportunity that we have within the marketplace that wastewater is a prime opportunity for us to continue to grow. So we think it would be continuing on that way, maybe it’s half to two-thirds on the wastewater side but it's hard to give numbers at this point. 
James Ward: Sure, okay. Thank you very much. And my second question can be a bigger picture, on 7% to 10% EPS range how do you see over the next few years, particularly may be on ’15 where do you see things shaping up, a little bit closer to the higher or lower end.
Susan Story: As always, we give our guidance range to be the 255 to 265.
James Ward: Fair enough. Okay. Congratulations again guys thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Brian Chan of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Brian Chan: Just a general quick questions, some of the other utilities out there that report this quarter have made a few comments on bonus depreciation, I don’t think I heard any comments from you guys on that regard but just any color you can give on how we should think about that for you guys going forward.
Linda Sullivan: Remember, we are in a net operating loss position. So we are currently evaluating the bonus depreciation deduction for 2014 and its impact on each state as well as the overall NOL utilization of the company and we have until September 2015 to make the final decision there.
Brian Chan: Okay great. I will take a look at that point and what you have decided to do. Thank I appreciate it.
Linda Sullivan: Operator, are there any other questions, if not I can go to closing? 
Operator: At this time, I see no further questions.
Linda Sullivan: Well, just in closing I just want to recognize and pay tribute to our outgoing investor relations VP Edward Vallejo. Ed has headed up our IR functions since our IPO back in 2008 and I think he is the very best in the entire utility industry. So same leadership skill, financial acumen, customer focus and knowledge and experience let us to promote him to his new position of VP of Financial Strategy planning and decision support. In his new role, Ed will have all of the state and division finance directors reporting to him as well as overall responsibility for financial strategy and planning and he will lead our newly formed revenue analytics group. Despite this big new job, he has continued in the IR VP role to help us through the transition. Just to remind you of what is taking place in Ed tenure, check out the total shareholder return in the market Cap chart from the slide which you see. As you can see we are very proud of what Ed has done only to be a cliff but what he is going to do for us in his new role, thanks Ed we are happy you are part of our team. And he did not know I was going to do this! But you should see his face right now. So with that thanks everybody for participating. We appreciate it and we will talk to you again in the couple or three months.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Susan N. Story - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Linda G. Sullivan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Richard A. Verdi - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 14, 2014, by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10053559. The online archive of the webcast will be available through December 6, 2014, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour; and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these estimates deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements, and such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. All statements in this call relating to earnings per share refer to diluted earnings per share. And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan N. Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to everyone, and thanks for joining us on the call. I'm joined today by Linda Sullivan, our CFO, who will go over the third quarter results; and Walter Lynch, COO and President of Regulated Operations, who will discuss key matters in our Regulated Business. I'm pleased to report that through the hard work of over 6,600 employees at American Water we delivered a quarter of solid performance, although most of our states experienced significantly cooler temperatures this summer. During this quarter, we achieved increases in revenues and earnings per share, made significant progress growing our Regulated and Market-Based Businesses, and we reached a settlement with our unions on national benefits after a 4-year impasse, all, while delivering water services to our customers, safely and reliably. In addition to the 2,200 customers in regulated acquisitions that we closed on this quarter, we had some exciting news on Tuesday. The residents of Haddonfield, New Jersey; Arnold, Missouri; and Rushville, Indiana; all voted to sell their communities' water and wastewater systems to American Water. We're honored that they put their votes of confidence in our company to bring safe, clean, affordable and reliable services to them, and we look forward to welcoming our newest 19,000 customers in the near future following regulatory approval. These communities are adjacent to our current water and wastewater systems, so we can bring economies of scale and existing resources to run these systems effectively and efficiently. As you can see on Slide 5, our revenues increased nearly 3% for the quarter. Income from continuing operations rose 4.5% to $0.87 per diluted share, which is not adjusted for that weather impact of $0.04 to $0.06 per share. Walter will discuss the weather in more detail in just a few minutes. Excluding the midpoint of this impact, the weather normalized income from continuing operations was an EPS of $0.92 for the third quarter. The increase in earnings per share is mainly due to the success of our regulated business in obtaining rate authorizations and surcharges that support our rate-based growth through infrastructure investments. We also continued strong cost management across our businesses. While we saw a slight decrease in cash flow from operations for the quarter, primarily due to the weather, of $0.04 to $0.06, we continue to improve our earned return on equity. Our adjusted ROE for the last 12 months ended September 30, 2014, increased by 80 basis points to 8.85% compared with the same period last year. Turning now to Slide 6. We continued to invest in the pumps, plants and pipes that deliver water and water services to our customers. This quarter we invested $314 million in needed improvements. Year-to-date, we have made capital investments of over $700 million, and we expect to spend about $1 billion by year's end. We completed 4 acquisitions this quarter, adding 2,200 customers. Year-to-date, we've added about 3,700 customers on closed acquisitions. At this time, we have about 25,000 additional customers in pending acquisitions, which includes the 19,000 in Haddonfield, Arnold and Rushville, which I've talked about earlier. We grew our Market-Based Business through the expansion of our Homeowner Services territory as well as through our military group. This past week we received notification from the Orlando Utilities Commission of its intent to award American Water Resources a home warranty protection agreement to market to its 260,000 customers pending contract negotiation. During the quarter, we also announced our second military award this year, Picatinny Arsenal in New Jersey. We now serve 11 military installations across the country. The Department of Defense had not awarded any new contracts the size we target since 2009 until the 2 this year. We won both of those through competitive bids. We are always honored to have the privilege to serve the men and women who protect our freedom and liberties every day. During the quarter, we made progress on our ongoing goal to actively address regulatory lags and promote constructive regulatory frameworks. Notably, as Walter will discuss, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities approved modifications to consolidated tax adjustments. And in California, a general rate case settlement was reached with the Office of Ratepayer Advocates and other intervenors. We also filed for additional infrastructure investment revenue in Missouri and Tennessee, which Linda will discuss further. We recognized the important balance between making needed investments in our systems and helping our customers have affordable bills. To do that, we continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio, which, adjusted for West Virginia and weather, improved 330 basis points from this 12-month ended period compared to last year. We also reached an agreement on October 31 to sell Terratec Environmental Ltd., the market-based residuals management subsidiary of our Canadian residuals division, and we expect to close in the coming weeks. Our main driver for this portfolio optimization was to exit the class B biosolids business and concentrate on class A biosolids, which is a more specialized market and is more aligned with our market-based business model. Lastly, I'm pleased to report that American Water and the Utility Workers Union of America, representing the company's union, reached a settlement regarding our national benefits agreement. Walter will also provide more detail on that momentarily. Moving to Slide 7. In our ongoing commitment to our shareholders, American Water's Board of Directors on September 19 declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.31 per share, payable on December 1, 2014, to all shareholders of record as of November 10. This continues our annual dividend payout target of 50% to 60% of net income while growing dividends at a rate aligned with earnings per share growth. Based on our performance this year, we are narrowing our earnings guidance for adjusted continuing operations for the year from $2.35 to $2.45 to a range of $2.38 to $2.44. This range is not adjusted for the $0.04 to $0.06 per share effect of adverse weather, but it does exclude the impacts of the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term EPS growth of 7% to 10% through execution of our investment and growth strategies as well as continuing operational efficiency gains. Also, we plan on providing 2015 guidance on a conference call at 11:00 a.m. on Monday, December 15. So stay tuned for additional details, and please mark your calendars. Walter will now give an update on our Regulated Business.
Walter J. Lynch: Thanks, Susan. And good morning, everyone. Let's start with an update on the weather. This was a very cool and mild summer as evidenced by the NOAA climate data on this slide. We've seen the same theme from electric and gas utilities throughout these regions during this third quarter earnings season. In some of our service areas in Missouri, Illinois and Indiana, we experienced record cool temperatures. At the same time, we saw above-normal precipitation levels in Indiana, Illinois and parts of Pennsylvania. This did impact demand and revenues, and we estimate the weather impact to be about $0.04 to $0.06 for the quarter. As always, we did take appropriate management actions to address this revenue shortfall associated with this unfavorable weather. In contrast, California continues to experience a record drought and the hottest year on record. In response, California American Water has conducted extensive conservation outreach, mailings, bill messages, emails, social media campaigns and community events. We developed a special section of our website dedicated to keeping customers updated on this drought, its impacts and the resources we have available to help. California American Water is calling for voluntary conservation from its customers in all districts, with the exception of one district, Larkfield District, which is in Sonoma County, which instituted mandatory conservation on October 23. Statewide water system delivery is down about 10% since the previous year, and in the third quarter, each California district saw decreases in water use. Because of mechanisms in place, the company's revenues will not be impacted by declines in sales due to conservation efforts. As Susan related earlier, in our California general rate case for rates effective 2015 through 2017, we and the Office of Ratepayer Advocate, along with others, filed a settlement. If approved, the settlement would provide $13.6 million in additional annualized revenues in 2015 and subsequent increases presently estimated at $5 million for 2016 and $6.3 million for 2017. We're awaiting a California PUC decision on this settlement in the general rate case at this time. Our California team also continues to make progress on the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project. The test well permit will be considered before a state agency next week, and construction work and drilling on the test well could begin this month. And finally, for California, our San Clemente Dam Removal Project is making great progress. Sediment has been relocated and a new path for the river has been cut. When the next rain occurs there, it will be the first time that water will actually flow through these new channels. This project is on time and on budget with substantial completion expected in late 2015 or early 2016. Moving on to New Jersey on the regulatory front. As Susan said, the Board of Public Utilities approved changes to consolidated tax adjustments. The BPU is recognizing the more standard practice that other states have to encourage investment. These approved changes include limiting the look back to 5 years and additionally allocating 75% of the savings to the company and 25% to utilities customers. I also want to reiterate what Susan said about Tuesday's vote in Haddonfield, New Jersey. We're so pleased that the Haddonfield residents voted to sell their water and wastewater systems to New Jersey American Water. We'll now seek the approval by the Board of Public Utilities, which we expect to take place sometime in mid-2015. Because we already provide those services to surrounding communities, we're able to leverage existing resources to more efficiently and effectively operate these systems. Immediately after closing, we're going to begin to make the much-needed upgrades to the systems. In fact, just to give you some transparency on it, in the first year after closing, we've committed to spending $6.5 million on several critical projects to significantly improve the wastewater system. An additional $9.5 million will be invested in the following 4 years to modernize these systems. Haddonfield, along with Arnold, Missouri, and Rushville, Indiana, are great examples of the type of solutions that we can offer communities challenged by competing budget priorities and deteriorating water and wastewater systems. They're also great examples of our local business model. Our employees live and work in the communities, and in these referendum efforts help to inform voters about the ways American Water can work with them to address their challenges. In all 3 of these communities, local government leaders, along with their local employees, ensure that the citizens had the data they needed to make important decisions on election day. That's what it means to be a local company, and that's how we like to operate in the states where we're privileged to serve. We're committed to continuing the partnerships we developed with Haddonfield, Arnold and Rushville, and I want to thank all of our employees who volunteered to help in our growth efforts. Additionally, last week, American Water and the Utility Workers Union of America, representing the company's unions, jointly announced the ratification of a settlement related to the complaint filed by the Utility Workers Union of America regarding our national benefits agreement. Part of this settlement included a new health care and benefits package for our workforce through 2018. This benefits package remains competitive compared to other plans offered in the utility industry. We're pleased to reach a settlement that we believe is fair for both our employees and our customers. We look forward to working together with our unions in a collaborative way on issues such as safety, employee training and development and growth opportunities. And finally, I want to provide a brief update on the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. From an operational perspective, we continue to monitor well water for MCHM and PPH, and we're pleased to report that there were no traces of these substances in any samples taken. We'll continue to do this monitoring until the Freedom Industries site is certified as decontaminated by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection as this site right now is being completely torn down. We anticipate that this will occur in the next few months. Otherwise, we are back to business as usual in West Virginia. And now I'll turn the call over to Linda for a more detailed review of our financial performance.
Linda G. Sullivan: Thank you, Walter. And good morning, everyone. It is a pleasure to be here with you today to review our third quarter financial results in more detail. Turning to Slide 13. Third quarter 2014 had solid financial results. Despite the cool summer temperatures, our revenues, operating income, operating margins and earnings improved over the third quarter of last year. In addition, we continued to make progress on improving operating efficiency. More specifically, for the quarter, we reported operating revenues of approximately $846 million, $24 million or about 3% higher than the third quarter of last year. Both periods were impacted by weather, which I will cover in more detail in a moment. Operating income rose to $337 million or about $14 million higher than the same period last year, resulting in just over 0.5% increase in operating income margin. Third quarter income from continuing operations was approximately $157 million or $0.87 per share. This compares to $150 million or $0.84 per share for the third quarter of 2013. As Susan mentioned previously, we reached an agreement to sell Terratec Environmental Ltd., which was part of our Market-Based Business segment. As a result, both the loss on the sale and the operating results have been classified as discontinued operations. This resulted in a combined loss from discontinued operations of $0.02 per diluted share for the quarter and $0.03 per diluted share on a year-to-date basis. Although we reported a loss on the sale of this transaction, the transaction is structured to monetize about $4 million in tax benefit. As mentioned earlier, both periods presented were impacted by the weather. In the third quarter of 2014, weather impacted our results in the range of $0.04 to $0.06 per share. Last year, the weather impact was $0.02 to $0.04. Excluding the midpoint of these impacts, adjusted weather normalized earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.92, which is a $0.05 or approximate 6% increase compared to the weather normalized third quarter of last year. We also paid a dividend of $0.31 per share during the quarter, which represents an approximate 11% increase over the $0.28 per share payment in the third quarter of 2013. We reported cash flow from operating activities of about $390 million for the quarter, relatively flat compared to the same period last year despite the larger weather impact experienced this summer. Now let's discuss the different components of our adjusted EPS growth from continuing operations on Slide 14. On the left side of this page, our starting point is third quarter 2013 recorded earnings per share from continuing operations of $0.84. Last year was cooler and wetter than normal, so we have adjusted up for the midpoint of the weather impact or $0.03, which gets us to what we consider a weather normalized earning starting point for the third quarter of 2013 of $0.87 per share. And now I will walk through each of the EPS drivers, which gets us to our third quarter 2014 adjusted weather normalized EPS of $0.92 per share from continuing operations. First, we had lower revenue in the third quarter of 2014 due to cooler weather in many of our states. This impact was in a range of $0.04 to $0.06 per share for the quarter and shown on the EPS bridge is the midpoint of that range or $0.05. The next item shows the impact from both income and general taxes, which were higher by $0.03 per share over the same quarter last year, due to 2 items: higher income tax true-ups of about $0.02 and higher property taxes of about $0.01, primarily from tax assessments in Pennsylvania and Kentucky. Next, in the third quarter 2014, we reported higher consolidated depreciation and amortization expense of about $0.02, principally from growth associated with our capital investment program, including our SAP project that was placed into service during 2013. Next, EPS for our Market-Based Business was a $0.01 lower than the same quarter last year. However, there are 2 onetime items in the third quarter of 2013 that lowered the quarter-over-quarter comparison by $0.02 per share, including $0.01 from price redeterminations in the military services business and $0.01 from the release of contract reserve due to resolving uncertainties on certain O&M contracts. Adjusting for these 2013 items, the Market-Based business segment would have actually increased $0.01 per share on a quarter-over-quarter basis, driven by additional capital projects associated with our military contracts and contract growth in Homeowner Services, mainly with our New York City contracts as well as expansion into other geographic areas. In the next bar, the incremental revenue from regulated acquisitions increased $0.01 per share due mainly to our acquisition of Dale Services Corporation in Virginia in the fourth quarter of 2013. We also had a $0.05 increase from higher regulated revenue. This increase over the prior quarter was made up of 3 key items. First, authorized rate increases for a number of our operating companies increased $0.08 per share. Second, increased surcharge and amortization of balancing accounts increased $0.01 per share; and third, these increases were partially offset by decreased demand of about $0.04 per share as we continued to experience declining usage, primarily for our residential customers in the 1% to 2% range. Next, regulated O&M decreased $0.05 per share for the quarter compared to last year due to 3 main drivers. First, employee-related costs, which were the single biggest contributor, decreased by $0.03 per share or 6.5% for the quarter, primarily from reduction in pension and postretirement benefit costs due to the change in the discount rate. Second, operating supplies and services decreased $0.01 per share, primarily driven by lower contract services as last year, we had additional contractors assisting us with our SAP system stabilization, and we experienced higher regulatory expenses. Lastly, production cost decreased $0.01 or 3.2%, primarily due to lower chemical costs in our Illinois subsidiary. In the appendix of the slide deck, we have included our traditional revenue and expense bridge slides to provide more detail to the earnings variances I just discussed. I will not cover these in detail today as most items are a duplicate of what I discussed on the earnings bridge. Also, I encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. We'll be happy to answer any questions or provide further clarification if needed during our question-and-answer session. On Slide 15, we show our O&M efficiency ratio. We continue to see progress in this metric. For the 12 months ended September 30, 2014, we achieved a 36.8% ratio, which is a considerable improvement over the 40.1% ratio we had in the same period last year. This ratio adjusts for weather and excludes the expenses related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill. As we have shared with many of you previously, our long-term stretch goal is to achieve a 35% O&M efficiency ratio by 2018. There is a full calculation of this ratio in the appendix section of the earnings call slide deck. Now let's look at recent regulatory highlights on Slide 16, which shows formal rate cases awaiting final order as well as step increases and infrastructure filings which impacted the quarter or are still pending. But before I cover this slide in detail, I want to point out what is really key about this slide, and that is that you can see a shift in the way that we recover capital from formal rate cases to infrastructure surcharges. As you may remember, in past years we would have 8 -- maybe 10 rate cases outstanding and few or no infrastructure filing. Now we have 8 surcharge filings approved this year, and as you know, we recover our capital faster with these mechanisms, which improves our return on equity, provides more flexibility around the timing of formal rate cases as well as providing better customer service and moderating bill impact for our customers. Back to the slide itself, in terms of pending rate cases, as of today we have a waiting -- we are awaiting orders for general rate cases in 2 states, California and Indiana. In California, we now have a settlement with the Office of Ratepayer Advocate and other intervenors, as Walter mentioned. Our Missouri and Tennessee subsidiaries filed for additional annualized revenues from infrastructure investment charges for a combined total of $11.1 million. Shifting to rates that became effective. In 2014, we had $2.4 million is step increases from prior rate cases in New York and California. A total of $25.6 million in additional annualized infrastructure investment charges have been awarded this year, with the latest one being the July 1 approval of our annualized distribution system improvement charge of $7.4 million in New Jersey. As I mentioned earlier, these infrastructure charges represent the ability to more timely recover capital, which we invest to improve both infrastructure and customer service. Additionally, we implemented new rates effective January 1 of this year in Pennsylvania and effective April 18 in Iowa for a combined annualized total of $29.8 million. These are the highlights of these cases, and we advise you to review the footnotes for a fuller understanding of particular cases. And while we cannot project the outcome of these cases, we hope that this will help you understand our current rate environment. And in the appendix, you will also find an updated version of our largest 10 states with our authorized rate base and allowed return on equity. Lastly, as Susan mentioned, we are now narrowing our adjusted earnings per share guidance for continuing operations for the year to a range of $2.38 to $2.44 per diluted share, which is not adjusted for the adverse weather impact of approximately $0.04 to $0.06. This guidance does exclude the impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. And remember that our year-end guidance is a range to account for a variety of factors during the year, with the largest being weather. Unless there are extreme weather impacts, this range should absorb those impacts. Our quarterly earnings are point, not ranges, so we like to disclose the weather effects to give you more insight into our actual performance. Now given that the guidance is not adjusted for weather, you should use the $0.87 reported in this quarter on your way to building our annual 2014 performance versus our $2.38 to $2.44 guidance range. With that, I will turn it over to Susan.
Susan N. Story: Thanks, Linda. As we discussed last quarter, we will conclude each of our earnings call by highlighting initiatives or recent news that may be outside of what we would typically cover in an earnings call. This quarter, we're going to highlight American Water's addition to the Dow Jones Utility Average. We are very proud to be added to this index. The utility average is a 15-member index that represents the stock performance of large, well-known U.S. companies within the utilities sector. During its 78-year existence, there have only been 3 major reorganizations in the index, and only 40 companies have been part of that average since it was introduced in 1929. Additionally, we are the only water utility to ever be part of the index; and interestingly, we've been a member twice. When it was started in 1929, the original members of the Dow Jones Utilities Average included our predecessor company, American Water Works & Electric Company. In 1947, under the newly implemented Public Utility Holding Company Act, 6 holding companies, including our predecessor, were dissolved and removed from the utility average. Now 67 years later, we're back; and of course, we're better than ever. Being included in the utility average is a tremendous honor for American Water and the entire water and wastewater industry for several reasons. First, having the index recognize the critical role the water industry played in the utilities space and the economy is important. The legacy of our country's prosperity is rooted in infrastructure investments, and water and wastewater represent vital infrastructure necessary not just for the economy growth, but for quality of life. Second, water is critically needed for electricity and energy production and for the growing of food. The EPA's November 2013 report on the importance of water to the U.S. economy notes that 94% of our economy is linked to this water-energy-food nexus. And finally, being included in the utility average is a testament to our ability at American Water to deliver on our investment and operating strategies and provide dependable value to our customers and our shareholders. This achievement is a direct reflection of the dedication and expertise of our employees who are committed to the customers and communities that we serve every single day. In my 6 months as CEO, I've had the pleasure of visiting the majority of our work locations. And I've met with the incredible people of American Water, who every day deliver safe, affordable and reliable water services to our customers. These are the same people who dedicated more than 4,700 charitable service hours to the communities that we serve just during September in our dedicated month of service. Our employees are very inspiring to me for these reasons and more, and I appreciate the privilege of being part of their team. So now we're happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Connors from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: A couple of questions. First off, I wanted to just talk about this New Jersey CTA issue a little bit, and you gave a real nice discussion of it, Walter. But can you kind of talk to us a little more about the financial impact of that on the P&L and the timing of that in terms of how we quantify that and go about -- translating that into an actual earnings contribution?
Linda G. Sullivan: Ryan, this is Linda, and this is a step in the right direction we believe for New Jersey. When -- this decision will impact us when we file our next rate case in New Jersey, that is when it would become effective for us. And as you know, we filed our last rate case in New Jersey in 2011, and that rate case was a black box settlement, so we cannot disclose the financial impact of this. But when we look at the timing of our rate case and the flexibility that we have in terms of timing around our infrastructure mechanisms in New Jersey, we take all of those things into consideration to help determine when we will file that next rate case and be able to implement this new change.
Richard A. Verdi - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. But really no estimate or guidance on kind of the magnitude of the impact?
Linda G. Sullivan: Because it was a black box settlement the last rate case, we really can't disclose that.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay. Fair enough. And then just -- the other question I have was just more kind of tactical, but -- and I guess, we'll get more detail on this on December 15, but just talking about the weather from a big picture perspective. So we had the cool temperatures in the Midwest. But as you mentioned on the call, last year's third quarter was also negatively impacted by weather. So as we look into 2015, is it safe to say we've got a very easy comparison, so to speak, as we sort of think about growth next year and demand?
Linda G. Sullivan: So what we do from an earnings guidance perspective is we'll give you weather normalized earnings guidance for 2015, which, as we indicated earlier, will occur on December 15.
Susan N. Story: And Ryan, as Linda mentioned, just as the electrics do also, we put a range for guidance because while we look at budgets and everything weather normalized, we understand that there are going to be variabilities. We disclosed at Investor Day last year a set of those variabilities, and for us, just like the electrics, the largest potential variable is weather. In a typical year, we account for some of that variability in our range unless there is extreme weather. And for example, back in 2012, the positive uplift was between $0.13 and $0.16 for American Water. That's a little beyond what you would have as normal variability. So when we look at weather, you don't want to start having a lot of guidance ranges that are weather-affected and this type of things. So we just try to keep it as clean as we can.
Richard A. Verdi - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one last one before I hop out is just on your payout ratio, can you talk to us about where you're running right now and how you feel about where you're at and whether you would up that payout ratio a bit going forward depending on your equity capital needs and so forth?
Linda G. Sullivan: Our payout ratio is currently at 2.5%, and the way that we look at -- I'm sorry. Let me correct that. Our payout ratio is just over 50%. We have a target range for our payout ratio of 50% to 60%, and we plan to -- our goal is to grow our dividend commensurate with our EPS growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Gaugler from Brean Capital.
Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: I've actually got a follow-up on the CTA to Ryan's question. Just wondering, given the changes and how you think holistically about where you're going to deploy future investment, is that enough to put New Jersey at the top of your list?
Linda G. Sullivan: When we look at the prioritization of our capital, ROE is one of the key items that we look at in the prioritization of capital, in addition to what are the needs for the investment in the state. And so that is a factor that we will look at as we move forward and file a rate case in New Jersey. So all of those factors come into play when we look at the capital prioritization. This is something that is moving in the right direction. So although externally we have seen lower ROEs being authorized in New Jersey, we see that this will offset those lower ROEs moving forward.
Walter J. Lynch: And Mike, this is Walter. Given the DSIC program that was approved a few years ago, as you know, we've invested a lot more in New Jersey than we have in prior years. So it does -- it is one of our top states, and we'll continue to do so because of the DSIC mechanism and the needed investment that we have to make in New Jersey.
Susan N. Story: And Mike, as you know, and you've heard us say over and over, in our capital program we will invest what we need in every state to meet our customer needs. We will make sure that our water is safe and clean and reliable. So you also know that we do have some discretion. After we have committed those funds, we have discretion with other funds. And as Linda and Walter both said, we look at a variety of factors, including ROE, and as Walter said, too, where you have mechanisms where you can get the return in a more productive and reduced regulatory lag. So all those factors come into play, but we look at our capital very carefully. We make sure that every single state has what they need to deliver services to customers. Then that which is discretionary, we'll look at these other factors.
Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Great. Then I have just one other question. Probably for Walter, just kind of wondering how you're feeling about water supply in California. It seems like some of your peers are getting just a tad bit nervous looking out into '15.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, right now, Michael, we're still okay with water supply; but again, we've asked for voluntary conversation of all of our districts. We've put mandatory conservation in one of the districts. We're obviously participating as a partner in the state to reduce water usage, and we'll continue to monitor.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Richard Verdi from Ladenburg.
Richard A. Verdi - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just have one quick question which pertains to the efficiency ratio. At the Analyst Day last year, the company had highlighted the goal of achieving a 35% efficiency ratio by 2018, and obviously that's been the objective since as shown in Slide 15 today. Let's hypothetically fast forward to 2018 and say the target's been reached. Would a new target be set? And if so, what would it be? How long could it maybe take to achieve? And what would the driving force behind the reduction be? Because I would think there's probably going to be more room to go.
Linda G. Sullivan: So let me start with just an overview of the progress that we've made. So we've made significant progress on the metrics, and we continue to make progress. Now as we move through time, the progress will tighten a little bit. As we work through and we file additional rate cases, our revenue will be trued up as we've returned these savings that we have recognized back to our customers. And so the improvement will begin to tighten as we get closer to the 35% target for 2018. And we will continue to look at are there other ways that we can continue to improve the metric? Are there technologies that we can deploy or other operational efficiencies that we can drive in the business? Because really, this is about how do we operate the business from an overall perspective. We know we have more infrastructure investment to make. As we continue to make that affordable for our customers, we need to make sure that we're managing every dollar on the operating efficiency side.
Richard A. Verdi - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. I just -- I'm thinking, is there any chance that smart metering could be used? Any chatter about potentially creating some sort of Smart Grid like the electricity side did for the water side?
Susan N. Story: Rich, I am so glad you asked that question. So the answer is yes, and I will tell you that we actually have some information on our website, and we'll be happy to send it to you. We're actually pioneering a lot of work on the smart water grid. We have our own R&D group, and we have an innovation development process. So what we're looking at on the Smart Grid, we're 85% AMR and AMI right now on the American Water system. We also are doing a lot of research on water sensors near meters that can monitor flow and pressures, and we're working with an Israeli company to look at how to look at dynamic flow monitoring, so that we can reduce pressure at night at times of low demand, which will also reduce leaks. So we're actually looking at the whole system from the customer meters to the pipes, smart sensors on the pipe, looking at flows and valves and finding ways that we can do more predictability, more predictive maintenance that reduces cost as well as provide more information to our customers. And the water industry, as you know, is behind the electricity industry on this mainly because of the cost. Water bills aren't as expensive as electricity, and so -- and you also have a very fragmented industry. So you don't have a lot of entities like American Water with the size, scope and scale to actually embark, partner on a lot of these research opportunities. We're very excited about it, and I would tell you that the efficiency we're looking for going forward are much more heavily weighted, as you mentioned, to technology and automation and better ways to do the business.
Operator: And the next question is from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just have a couple of questions here, if you don't mind. The $0.03 discontinued loss on the sale of Terratec, how much of that was due to the sales price versus operations? Well, perhaps, maybe a better way of asking is how much of a loss from Terratec operations was assumed in your previous guidance range?
Linda G. Sullivan: So there's a couple of questions there, let me -- for the second quarter, what we have included, the loss on sale is $3.8 million, and the remainder of that is associated with the loss from operations, both the second quarter as well as the year-to-date. Included in that loss is a book write-off of taxes of $1.5 million, which, as I mentioned earlier, we were due to the structure of this transaction to monetize about $4 million in tax benefits that we otherwise wouldn't be able to monetize. In terms of the guidance and going forward, in our earnings guidance for 2014, we had a very small loss included in our guidance for Terratec. So it doesn't have a real material impact either this year or going forward.
Susan N. Story: When you look at AWE, Jonathan, it's about 10% of our revenues and even less of operating income. Terratec is even really, really, a really small part of AWE.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. So I mean, just the way to view it is had we had normal weather your revised range would have been, I guess, what, the -- $2.43 to $2.49?
Linda G. Sullivan: So in our earnings guidance for 2014, we had a very small loss from the operations of Terratec included in that guidance. We did not project the loss on the sale in that guidance, and so it really rounded out from -- in the beginning of the year when we set forth our guidance.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. Right. I'm just saying had you had normal weather in Q3 the revised guidance range, essentially, we could just bump it up $0.05 if we wanted to compare it to -- apples-to-apples to your original range?
Susan N. Story: No, Jonathan, because remember, we built in some variability to our range. So we -- and this is interesting from weather normal, it's always an art, not a science, right? So what happens is when we do our range, part of having a range for us is including some weather variability. So -- and we showed last year at the Investor Day that weather could be plus or minus $0.07, so we build in variability to the weather. So the range that we're guiding to now is what we would have, again, nonweather normalized, just assuming that you have some variability built in, and most companies do that.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I got you there. And then going back to New Jersey, could you remind us what the revenue increase cap is on their infrastructure mechanism? And I guess how much have you increased rates under that mechanism thus far?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, the revenue cap is 7.5%, and we continue to investment within that cap, and we'll be able to do so.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: How close are you to 7.5% at this juncture?
Linda G. Sullivan: We're making progress.
Walter J. Lynch: We still have some room on that, Jonathan.
Linda G. Sullivan: Making progress on the 7.5%. And remember, Jonathan, we had 2 infrastructure increases this year, a 10.1% in January and then the recent one at 7.4%.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you've done a good job lately on the M&A front. I knew you gave us the customer count. Is there any way you can describe it in terms of either -- to the purchase price or kind of the rate base those deals represent?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, and back -- and to the customers, as Susan said, and we talked about, we're going to be adding 19,000 customers. But the rate base varies obviously and tied back to our acquisition the price there, but anywhere from $20 million to $25 million per.
Susan N. Story: And also to clarify, because some people report it differently, when we say 19,0000 customers, that's actually customer connections. Those are meters, not the number of people, so -- and also interestingly, of those 19,000, 13,500 are wastewater. Very consistent with our target of going after wastewater. And in Arnold, Missouri, we already serve water to those residents.
Walter J. Lynch: And back to Haddonfield, what I meant by that was $28 million was our purchase price for Haddonfield for those 9,000 customers: 4,500 water, 4,500 wastewater.
Linda G. Sullivan: And remember, these were approved through the referendum, but we have not yet closed on those transactions.
Walter J. Lynch: That's right. We've got to get Board of Public Utility approval on that. And again, as I said, that'll take about 6 to 8 months. Typically -- that's typical, and you're looking at mid-2015 before we get that approval.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. Do you have the Arnold and Rushville purchase price handy? Were those disclosed?
Susan N. Story: We don't, but we can get -- whatever is disclosed, we will get to you.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question and I'll hop off. Any idea when the government might act on another military privatization? I mean, you've go the last 2, including one recently? Do you expect more in the near future?
Susan N. Story: Well, predicting the Department of Defense and the Federal Government is an art that we have not perfected yet. We do have outstanding RFP that we -- that actually go back all the way to 2010. And understanding who is going to award when is something we continually monitor, and it depends on the service and it depends on the base quite honestly. A lot of times it depends on the situation they've got with infrastructure. We do have outstanding RFP. We are hearing that the Air Force may also have additional ones that they bid out. So again, it's hard to predict. But let me go back to something else. There's 3 ways that we make money in military. Awarding new awards is something that because it's so difficult to predict, that we work hard on the other 2, which is our O&M contracts. But also, once we have a base, they engage us to look at what the infrastructure needs are on that base. And each year within their budget, we bring down potential projects; and they choose from those projects, which also increases the amount of work we do on bases. So we don't just wait for a big award and say, "Great, it was success." For us, success are all 3 components.
Walter J. Lynch: And Jonathan, one thing, one correction. On the DSIC in New Jersey, the cap is 5% of revenues, not 7.5%. I want to correct that for the record here.
Operator: The next question is from Spencer Joyce of Hilliard Lyons.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Just wanted to touch very briefly on the ballot initiatives that were approved. I think from our standpoint it was very positive see a New Jersey, Missouri and Indiana kind of across the footprint approvals there. And my question is, did you all go 3 for 3 on these initiatives? Or were there a handful that maybe weren't approved?
Walter J. Lynch: No, I'd like to -- we're batting a 1,000, 3 for 3. Really, I think the recipe for success here was make sure that our employees and the community leaders were hand in hand, talking about the value that American Water can provide to the communities. That's really what I think was driver of success in all 3 of those.
Susan N. Story: And Spencer, what was even more exciting, we didn't just win the ballot initiatives; we were 2 to 1 or greater on all of them in favor of, and that's what we were very proud of.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: And I thought you all may have insinuated this a little bit, but these weren't areas where perhaps the American Water brand was already somewhat of a household name. Is that correct?
Walter J. Lynch: Well, I'll tell you in Haddonfield, New Jersey, we surround the system, so we have a big presence in this area. So the brand is very -- is out there and -- that's right. And also, in Arnold, we bought the wastewater system, but we have the water customers. So our brand has been out there, and I think that's helped us. But the key to this has been our passionate employees going door-to-door and talking about, again, the value that American Water can bring to the community.
Operator: And our next question comes from Shivangi Tipnis from Guggenheim (sic) [Global Hunter Securities].
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to ask you about your CapEx of Q4. Your guide -- your earlier guidance in Q2 said it was about $1.1 billion, and year-to-date, it's about $700 million, and you expected it to be now $1 billion for the full year. So I was wondering if the Q3 CapEx was less than what your earlier anticipated? Or are you expecting a little lower CapEx, about $100 million lower, in Q4?
Linda G. Sullivan: Yes, this is Linda, let me answer that. The CapEx for the third quarter was what we expected. That was related to the regulated investments. What we are seeing this year is lower than planned investment on the acquisition side. And so that has enabled us to deploy more capital in certain areas on the regulated side, and that's really a timing issue associated when we deploy the capital. So yes, we're still on plan for $1 billion, and we -- as a result of the timing issues associated with the acquisition, we have been able to deploy more capital on the regulated side.
Susan N. Story: And that's why, Shivangi, we started looking at a 5-year capital plan. Prior to 2014, we reported capital year-to-year. We know that by separately disclosing last year's strategic and regulated acquisition capital apart from regulated investment capital that there would be some years that because of delays in being able to close on a deal, for example, if you have to have a referendum, et cetera. So what we saw is, just as Linda said, that you're going to have some timing issues. So that's we disclosed now our 5-year capital plan.
Shivangi Tipnis - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Sounds good. My next question, actually on the gallon usage on your Slide 23 based on the customer class. The weather impact are primarily related, I guess, to your residential usage of water and -- especially on the outdoor activities. However, your commercial and public gallon usage appears to have declined about 4% and 3%. How do you understand these declines? And can you just provide some color on this?
Linda G. Sullivan: Absolutely, there's actually quite a bit of noise that's included in these numbers because we implemented our customer information system last year in 2 waves. And so the third quarter of 2013 includes a time period in the first wave of the implementation to where we were looking at our bill in more detail to make sure that they were appropriate before we sent them out. And so in the industrial class mainly, we have lower bill water sales volume because we were holding those bills, and so there are some timing issues there as well. If we were to kind of normalize that, we would expect our industrial usage to be more in line with what we have seen historically.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, and one more point on the Arnold acquisition. The total purchase price is $13 million, and that's got to be trued up as we work through the approval process. We're buying the collection system, not the treatment plant, and that's why is a little bit on the low end as far as the total purchase price for the number of customers. I just want to provide that clarification to everyone.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Susan Story for any closing remarks.
Susan N. Story: Thank you so much. I appreciate all of you on the call. I know that we typically are at the tail end of a very long quarterly earnings call season, and that you all are very tired, and we appreciate the time and effort. I just want to close with just a couple of sentences. And I just have to tell you, and Walter mentioned it and so did Linda, we had a really good financial quarter. We are poised for long-term growth and healthy -- and a healthy company, and it's is because of the employees we've got. I cannot tell you enough, going around looking at expertise; but as Walter said, the passion that our employees have for our customers and for growth and finding ways not just to grow the numbers for financials but to bring new customers in on our system so that they can enjoy the benefit that our current customers do. So it's a great time to be in the water business. We look forward to a great year end, and we hope that everything goes well for you all. And if Jonathan Reeder is still on this call, I just want to tell you War Eagle. See you all next quarter.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Susan N. Story - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Linda G. Sullivan - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Timothy M. Winter - G. Research, Inc.
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 15, 2014, by dialing 1 (412) 317-0088 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 10049534. The online archive of the webcast will be available through September 7, 2014, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour, and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. And such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. With that, now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story.
Susan N. Story: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to everyone and thanks for joining us on this call. As you know, this is the first earnings call with our new leadership team in place. I'm joined today by Linda Sullivan, our Senior VP and CFO, who will be going over the second quarter financials; and Walter Lynch, our President and COO of Regulated Operations, who will give us updates on key matters in our Regulated Business. We're very fortunate to have such a talented management team, and I'm also glad to report that through the hard work of all of our employees at American Water, we've once again delivered a quarter of strong performance. Before I go any further on our results for the quarter, I do want to touch on 2 recent events. It's not often that water makes national headlines, but it did twice last week. One event centered on the major water main break on the campus of UCLA, and the other event was an algae bloom that impacted the drinking water of over 400,000 people in Toledo, Ohio. While neither event impacted American Water directly, both of these events highlight the importance of water supply sources and infrastructure. For many years, American Water and folks throughout our water industry had been raising the challenges that our country faces when it comes to our water systems and supply. Later in the call, I'm going to mention several efforts that we've got underway at American Water so that we can find solutions to these challenges. It's our hope that in the near future, it will be the solutions that are making the headlines and not the problems. Last week's events show the risks in our industry, but they also open the door to increased collaboration among all sectors to improve our nation's water future. So now on to our performance for the quarter. We achieved increases in revenues and EPS. We completed 3 acquisitions. We continued strategic growth on the market-based side. And importantly, for our customers, we found ways to be even more efficient and effective in our services. As you can see from Slide 5, our operating revenue increased about 5%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes the second quarter impact of the West Virginia event, was $0.63 per share, up approximately 9% from the weather-normalized $0.58 per share last year. This increase is due mainly to higher revenues in our Regulated Business through rate authorizations and infrastructure charges, as well as additional revenues from acquisitions. Our market-based revenues also increased, mostly from capital projects associated with our military contracts and growth in our service line protection program. We also reported an increase in cash flow from operating activities of approximately $65 million. Linda will give more detail on these financials shortly. Our adjusted ROE for the last 12 months ended June of 2014 increased 80 basis points to 8.65% compared with the same period last year. Turning now to Slide 6. Our mission is to provide clean, safe, affordable and reliable water and water services to highly satisfied customers. You can't do that without maintaining and improving the pumps, plant and pipes that deliver water and water services. This quarter, we invested about $213 million in needed improvements. Because our first quarter capital spending was hampered due to a very cold winter, our year-to-date spending is just a bit behind, but we are still planning to spend up to $1.1 billion by year's end. And as we stated previously, we anticipate investing approximately $5.8 billion in our business in the next 5 years, including around $700 million for regulated acquisitions and strategic opportunities. As you all know, for 2014, one of our goals is to actively address regulatory lag and promote constructive regulatory frameworks. I'm happy to report that more than $9 million of additional authorized revenues became effective in the second quarter due to step increases, infrastructure charges and rate cases. To address affordability for our customers, we continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio, which when we adjust for the West Virginia event and weather, is 37.7% for the 12 months ending June 30, 2014, compared to 40.7% for the same period last year. A key part of driving efficiency comes from our focus on developing and implementing innovative technology. I'll go into the detail on this towards the end of the call, but I do want to give you just a few examples right now. In 2009, American Water launched its innovation development process, or IDP, to assess and bring new innovations to our company and the water industry. Since then, more than 600 technologies have been examined through IDP, and a number of these initiatives have been implemented. One of these is NPXpress, for which American Water has been awarded 3 patents. This technology reduces up to 50% of aeration electricity consumption, which is the biggest wastewater treatment energy user, and it reduces supplemental carbon additives by up to 100%. American Water has implemented this technology at 7 of our plants, and we're in the process of installing it in additional locations. These are real savings for our customers. Another example is our partnership with ENBALA Power Networks. By connecting our plant assets to the electric grid through ENBALA, we've been able to generate a new revenue stream to mitigate our electricity costs. Our program at our Pennsylvania Shire Oaks pumping station has offset 2% to 3% of that site's total energy bill. And remember that labor, power and chemicals are our largest expenses. As we drive efficiency in our operations, we can use those resources to fund more needed investment in aging water infrastructure without putting undue burden on the water bills of our customers. So moving on to growth. From April 1 through June 30, we completed 3 acquisitions, adding approximately 700 metered customers to our regulated footprint. On the market-based side, Homeowner Services has expanded its service offerings into 8 new states since the beginning of the year. We expanded into 4 of those 8 in the second quarter, as well as we launched our exclusive partnership with Metro Water Services in Nashville in April. Homeowners Services currently has nearly 700,000 customers and more than 1.3 million customer contracts and operates in 43 states and Washington DC. Moving to Slide 7, which illustrates our commitment to shareholder value. On July 30, 2014, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.31 per common share payable on September 2, 2014, to all shareholders of record as of August 11, 2014. This continues our commitment to an annual dividend payout goal of 50% to 60% of net income while growing dividends at a rate commensurate with earnings per share growth. And finally, we are reaffirming our annual earnings guidance to be $2.35 to $2.45 per share, excluding the impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. While we are reaffirming this guidance, we do see our performance trending toward the upper end of the range, assuming normal weather patterns for August and through the remainder of the year. Given that our third quarter is normally our largest for revenue and net income, we will continue to monitor and provide any changes which might be appropriate on our third quarter call. As Walter and Linda will discuss in just a few minutes, the impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill was $0.02 in the second quarter, and year-to-date through June 30, it is approximately $0.04 per share. We estimate that this number will stay relatively stable through the rest of the year, unless there are additional legislative changes requiring immediate action or if a civil trial were to begin earlier than expected. Based on our performance, we remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term EPS growth goal of 7% to 10% through execution of our growth strategy and continued operational efficiency gain. Walter will now give an update on our regulated business.
Walter J. Lynch: Thanks, Susan. You mentioned weather, so we'll start there. We've mentioned in the past our geographic diversity mitigates the impact of regional weather. We saw that clearly in the second quarter. The map on Slide 10 provides the precipitation for the second quarter in the states where we operate, with our service areas indicated here as well. You'll note that this map does not include the West Coast, which is making the news with record drought. I'll get to that in a moment, but for now, I want to focus on the weather in the Northeast and Central states. As you know, Pennsylvania and New Jersey are our 2 largest states, and you can see while Pennsylvania had above normal precipitation for the quarter, a good part of New Jersey had normal precipitation, as well as parts of Missouri, which is also one of our larger states. This geographic diversity contributed to the second quarter not having a significant weather impact on our operations. Having said that, we've seen some cool and wet weather in July, specifically in our New Jersey service areas. We'll update you on any weather effects in the third quarter earnings call. On the next slide, let me start with an update on California. As we moved into summer and drought conditions continued across the state, California American issued a call for a 20% reduction in usage in accordance with the governor's emergency drought declaration. In June, we're able to report that our Sacramento District reduced usage by 23% compared to 2012 and 2013 levels. We thank our customers there for successfully conserving water. Also, I want to mention here that thanks to constructive regulatory treatment during this drought, we've been able to maintain revenue stability during a period of decreasing sales through the various regulatory mechanisms that are in place. Of course, part of addressing water challenges in California is our efforts related to our desalination facility known as the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project. In July, we announced that data gathered from bore holes drilled along California's central coast show that an alternative way of collecting seawater for desalination may be feasible. Without getting to too much detail, California American Water has proposed subsurface intake wells or slant wells that would collect sufficient ocean water to produce nearly 10 million gallons of potable water a day to supply to the Monterey Peninsula. Subsurface intakes have become the preferred technology for desalination plants among state regulators and environmental groups because unlike an open pipeline to the ocean, they don't trap and harm marine life. There have been some concerns about the quantity and quality of ocean water these produce -- wells will produce, and as I've said, the data gathered and collected so far looks very promising. The basis of design report for the desalination facility is now complete and under review. Design is scheduled for 60% completion by September, and again, we'll keep you updated on our progress. Also in California, as in all of our regulated states, we continue our work on receiving a reasonable return on vital infrastructure investments we make. So I'm happy to report in California, we've signed a proposed settlement agreement with the Office of Ratepayer Advocates and other interveners in our general rate case in the amount of $13.6 million for the first year of a 3-year step increase. The proposed settlement is scheduled to be voted on by the California Public Utility Commission later this year. In New Jersey, on June 18, the Board of Public Utility staff proposed modifications to the consolidated tax adjustment when determining utilities tax expense for rate-making purposes. Under the BPU proposal, it limits the look-back to 5 years from the beginning of the test period. In addition, 75% of the savings would now go to the company and 25% to utilities customers. While we're pleased with the progress that is being made by the BPU to address the consolidated tax adjustment issue, we still believe the adjustment should be eliminated entirely as it has been in most other jurisdictions. And comments to the BPU are due August 18. Lastly, let's move to an update on the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. On the cost side, as Susan mentioned earlier, we've incurred $0.04 on an EPS basis during the first half of the year. Since our last call, our filter change is complete, and to further demonstrate our commitment to our customers, we took the additional step of testing water samples across the 1,900-mile Kanawha Valley water distribution system. We're pleased to report that there are no traces of MCHM detected in any samples taken from the replaced filters. As we've said since day 1, we are extremely proud of our team there and what they've accomplished. It's one thing to hear it from us, but it's also been reported from external parties as well. In fact, the head of the U.S. EPA's office of groundwater and drinking water recently said that West Virginia American Water, "did what they absolutely had to in that circumstance by not cutting off the intake to ensure that there was water available for fire suppression and other emergencies." We agree. On Slide 12, continuing our commitment to be more transparent, let me give you a brief update on our shale activity as it relates to Regulated Operations. Our sales for the last 12 months ended June 2014 were 7% higher than in 2013, and gallons sold have increased close to 60% over the last 2.5 years. Again, this is on our regulated side. We continue to evaluate other opportunities, as we've said in the past, such as water treatment and disposal on the nonregulated side. So now I'm going to turn the call over to Linda for a more detailed review of our financial performance.
Linda G. Sullivan: Thank you, Walter, and good morning, everyone. I'm excited to be here, and I look forward to working with all of you. Let me now walk through the second quarter financial results in more detail. Turning to Slide 14, second quarter 2014 was yet another quarter of strong financial results with increasing revenues and continued progress on improving operating efficiency. For the 3 months ending June 30, 2014, we reported operating revenues of $759.2 million, which is a $35 million or about 5% higher than the second quarter of last year. Operating income rose to $253.8 million or about $12 million higher than the same period last year. We reported second quarter net income of $109.3 million or diluted earnings per share of $0.61. This compares to net income of $101.3 million or diluted EPS of $0.57 for second quarter of 2013. As Susan mentioned previously, included in the $0.61 is a $0.02 charge for the quarter related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. Excluding this impact, our adjusted EPS for second quarter 2014 was $0.63 per share. We also paid a dividend of $0.31 per share during the quarter, which represents an approximate 11% increase over the $0.28 per share payment in the second quarter of 2013. For the 3 months ended June 30, 2014, we reported cash flow from operating activities of $205.7 million compared to $140.6 million in 2013 or a $65.1 million increase. This increase in cash flow from operations was primarily due to 3 things: first, stronger cash flow from core growth in the business; second, a decrease in pension and postretirement benefit contributions; and third, changes in working capital driven by higher cash collections this quarter, as earlier this year, we largely caught up on the delayed billings that resulted from implementation of our customer information system. Turning now to Slide 15. I want to highlight the key items impacting earnings this quarter compared to the same period last year, and I will cover more details on the revenue and expense breakdown slides. On the left side of the page, our starting point is second quarter 2013 recorded earnings per share of $0.57. Last year was cooler and wetter than normal, so we have adjusted up $0.01 for weather, which gets us to what we consider a normalized earnings starting point for the second quarter of 2013 or $0.58 per share. Next, we outlined the various earnings per share drivers contributing to the $0.05 per share increase in our second quarter 2014 EPS of $0.63 after adjusting for the impact of the Freedom Industries spill in West Virginia. The key items contributing to the $0.05 increase in adjusted EPS this quarter include: higher revenue in our regulated business of $0.09 per share, partially offset by higher depreciation of $0.03 per share driven by regulated growth and higher O&M of $0.01 per share. The O&M increase includes several offsetting items, and I'll discuss each of these items in more detail on the revenue and expense breakdown slide. On a GAAP basis, diluted earnings per share were $0.61 for the 3 months ended June 30, 2014. And as I mentioned earlier, we have added back the West Virginia event impact of $0.02 to bring our adjusted earnings per share to $0.63. With regard to the cost associated with the West Virginia event, we indicated last quarter that we expected these costs to be in the $0.03 to $0.04 per share range for the year. We have now recorded $0.04 per share and expect these costs will remain relatively stable for the remainder of the year. Also included in this estimate are costs associated with the general investigation by the PSC, which were not included in our original estimate. In the second quarter of 2014, we recorded approximately $5.9 million associated with the spill, bringing the total for the year to $10.9 million, which includes operating related costs that have largely returned to pre-event level and the estimated cost for the year related to the civil lawsuits filed to date based on known facts and current circumstances. These costs are subject to change, and as Susan mentioned, do not include incremental cost associated with potential legislative changes or civil trial costs. Now let's discuss the different components of our EPS growth starting with revenues on Slide 16. I encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. Overall, operating revenues increased $34.9 million or 4.8% with revenues from our Regulated Business increasing by $30.2 million or 4.7% compared to second quarter 2013. Regulated revenues were higher, primarily due to the first 4 items you see on the slide: First, authorized rate increases for a number of our operating companies was $20.8 million; second, a $3.5 million increase due to acquisitions with the most significant being Dale Services Corporation in Virginia in fourth quarter of 2013; third, increased surcharge and amortization of balancing account of $3.1 million; and fourth, a $2.1 million benefit due to higher consumption and other items compared to last year. Continuing with our Market-Based Business, revenues for the second quarter of 2014 increased by $4.6 million. Half of that increase was from an increase in Contract Operations revenue, primarily due to capital project activities associated with our military contracts, partially offset by price redeterminations of $2.3 million recorded in the second quarter of last year; and a reduction in revenues from terminated municipal and industrial O&M contracts as part of our portfolio optimization efforts. Homeowners Services revenue increased by $3.8 million in the second quarter as a result of contract growth, mainly with our New York City contracts as well as expansion in other geographic areas. On Slide 17, total operating expenses for the 3 months ended June 30, 2014, increased by about $23 million compared to the same period in 2013. Operations and maintenance expense in the regulated business increased $11.8 million or 4.3%, which is included in the regulated box on this page. Within the regulated O&M expense category, production expenses were the single biggest contributor and increased by $9 million or 13.8% for the quarter. This increase is a result of purchased water cost, principally from price increases in our California subsidiary, which are recovered through various regulatory mechanisms. We incurred approximately $5.9 million for the Freedom Industries chemical spill, as I discussed earlier. Customer billing and accounting expenses increased $4.1 million or 33.8% from higher uncollectible expenses associated with an increase in the aging of our accounts receivable due to slower-than-normal collection pattern. With the implementation of our customer information system in 2013, we made temporary changes in our collection process which resulted in an increase in our receivables' aging. We are focused on returning our collection process to pre-implementation levels, and we're making steady progress. However, we expect it to take a bit more time than originally anticipated, and as a result, we expect to continue to experience higher uncollectible expense this year, and we have factored that into our reaffirmed earnings guidance range. Maintenance materials and supplies, which include emergency repairs, as well as costs for preventative maintenance, increased $3.6 million for the quarter, mainly due to increased tank painting in New Jersey and higher paving and backfilling expenses. Employee-related costs, which include salaries and wages, group insurance and pension expense, decreased $7.7 million for the second quarter due to decreased pension and postretirement benefit cost, mainly from the change in the discount rate. Also, partially offsetting this decrease were severance costs, as we continue to drive efficiency in the business. The operating supplies and services and other category decreased $3.1 million. This decrease was primarily due to lower contracted services as 2013 included additional cost from backfilling positions using contractors on certain projects and incremental costs attributed to the continued maturity of our enterprise resource planning system implementation. Moving to the Market-Based Business, O&M expense increased for the quarter $6.3 million, mainly due to the increase in construction project activity for our military contract, which corresponds with the increase in revenue. In second quarter 2014, we also reported higher consolidated depreciation, amortization and other expense of $4.9 million. This increase was principally from placing additional utility plants in service, including Phase 2 of our SAP project that was placed into service in 2 waves during 2013. On Slide 18, this shows our O&M efficiency ratio. Despite higher uncollectible expense and severance cost recorded this year, we continue to see progress in this metric. For the 12 months ending June 30, 2014, we achieved a 37.7% ratio, which is a considerable improvement from the 40.7% ratio we had for the same period last year. This ratio is adjusted for weather and excludes the West Virginia expenses related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill. As we have shared with many of you previously, our long-term stretch goal is to achieve a 35% O&M efficiency ratio by 2018. There is a full calculation of this ratio in the appendix section of this earnings call slide deck. Now let's look at recent regulatory highlights on Slide 19, which shows formal rate increases awaiting final order, as well as step increases and DSIC filings, which impacted the quarter or are still pending. In terms of pending rate cases, as of August 6, 2014, we are awaiting orders for the general rate cases in 2 states, including California, where we now have a settlement with the Office of Ratepayer Advocates and other interveners, as Walter mentioned, as well as a step increase. For rates that became effective in 2014, we had a $1.2 million in step increases from a prior rate case in New York effective April 1, 2014. Infrastructure charges awarded to be effective in the first and second quarters of 2014 totaled $18.2 million annually. And in addition, effective July 1, 2014, we received approval of $7.4 million in annualized DSIC revenue in our new -- in New Jersey, for a total of $25.6 million. These infrastructure mechanisms represent the ability to more timely recover capital when we invest to improve our infrastructure and customer service. Additionally, we implemented new rates effective January 1, 2014, in Pennsylvania and effective April 18, 2014, in Iowa, for a combined annualized total of $29.8 million. These are the highlights of these cases, and we advise you to review the footnotes for a fuller understanding of particular cases. While we can't predict how any new case will be determined, we hope that this will help you understand our current rate environment. And in the appendix, you will also find an updated version of our largest 10 states with their authorized rate base and allowed ROE. Going to Slide 20, on June 2, 2014, Standard & Poor's Rating Services revised American Water's outlook to positive from stable. These highlight -- This highlights our commitment to managing the overall financial strength of the company, and we are really proud of that. Lastly, as Susan mentioned, we are reaffirming our annual earnings guidance to be in the $2.35 to $2.45 per share range. While we are reaffirming this guidance, we see our performance trending toward the upper portion of the range, assuming normal weather patterns for August and through the remainder of the year. This guidance excludes the impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Susan.
Susan N. Story: Thanks, Linda. We'd like to conclude each of our earnings calls going forward by giving you expanded color on some of our initiatives and efforts outside of what we might typically cover in an earnings call. It's our hope that you'll find this information useful in understanding how we are moving forward as a company. Just let Ed know if you think it's helpful. This quarter, I want to speak very briefly in the topic of water energy and innovation. I spoke a little bit about innovation earlier. In the past, we briefly discussed the critical dependency between water and energy. In recent months, we've seen the level of national discussion on this topic increase dramatically, and we're excited about it. Why are we excited? Well first, we see it as a way to improve efficiencies in both water and energy usage and address key water challenges in energy production. Second, it plays to one of the strengths of our management team, which reflects a mix of seasoned water professionals and experienced professionals from the electricity and energy industry. The Department of Energy issued a report last month on the water-energy nexus. As we all know, water is essential for human survival, prosperity, and whether that's for drinking, sanitation, industrial use, irrigation or power generation. For example, for every gallon of gasoline that you put in your car, it took 13 gallons of water to produce it. Each shale well requires from 3 million to 7 million gallons of water in the hydraulic fracturing process. Thermal electric plants require substantial water for cooling, although the majority can be returned to its source. And in turn, electricity plays a critical role in producing, treating and delivering clean water. For example, about 4% of the electricity consumed in the United States is used for collecting, treating and moving water and wastewater. That number is much higher in California. So the future of water and energy is fundamentally intertwined. This DOE report frames the integrated challenges and opportunities surrounding water and energy, and specifically, it lays out 6 pillars to address this constructive way forward for the nexus. These pillars include: Energy efficiency in water treatment and distribution; resiliency and reliability of water and energy systems; using nontraditional water sources in a sustainable and productive way; and linking synergies among water and energy. As the first U.S. water and wastewater utility to join the EPA's Climate Leaders Program, American Water is discussing with U.S. Energy secretary Ernest Moniz and DOE staff the multiple efforts we have underway that address the DOE's 6 pillars. American Water's efforts range from: Developing and implementing new technology to reduce energy use during treatment, to connecting a smart water grid with a smart electric grid, to using renewable power in water treatment and the use of recycled water and new water supply sources such as desalination. The DOE paper discusses our RDD&D, research, development, demonstration and deployment. We at American Water are involved in all 4 stages in different water and wastewater technologies. We know that through our expertise and research capabilities, our customers will benefit through increased reliability, water quality and increased cost efficiencies, while we also bring valuable new technologies to the rest of the water industry. As new challenges in the water industry arise, so will the opportunity to increase collaboration with the energy industry. And think about it from a regulators' point of view. If water and energy companies work together to increase efficiencies to have a positive impact on customers, that's a win-win for all of us. Together, we have the potential to bring about smart solutions that are resilient, sustainable and affordable. We put our specific efforts on each DOE pillar in a new document that can be found on our website. I invite you to go and check out all the innovations that we have here at American Water. As I said, this is an exciting time to be in our industry and especially at American Water. And now we're happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from Ryan Connors from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I wanted to talk about kind of rate strategy a little bit. I mean, obviously, we've seen a pretty big shift in where the top line gains are coming from, from base rates over to kind of DSIC and otherwise. And especially, I guess, that looks particularly acute in New Jersey. So I wonder if you could talk about your CapEx and rate strategy in New Jersey in particular, given that obviously, the recent peer rate cases suggest we're looking at lower returns on equity there going forward. You're leveraging DSIC to the extent you can, but that only goes so far. Can you just give us your thoughts on how you manage through the challenge of capital allocation going forward in New Jersey, given that the environment seems to have shifted in terms of ROEs?
Walter J. Lynch: Brian, it's Walter. Thanks for the question. What we're doing in New Jersey, as in other states, we're maximizing use of DSIC and other mechanisms. So that we continue to invest and addressing infrastructure challenges and we get recovery in the shortest period of time without going through a rate case. And as you know, our focus on cost, we've been able to keep our costs flat over a number of years. So the real focus for us is where do we invest and the timing of our investment. And we just think the DSIC mechanisms are the perfect mechanisms in each of the states, particularly New Jersey, to invest in our infrastructure.
Linda G. Sullivan: And Brian, if I could add to that. This is Linda. So when we look at the DSIC mechanisms, they really provide us additional flexibility in terms of the timing of filing our rate cases. And in New Jersey in particular, we're also looking at, from the lower ROE issue, the impact of the consolidated tax adjustment. So if that were to be final, there'd be somewhat of an offset from that as well.
Susan N. Story: So one thing to kind of overall like what Walter and Linda said, Ryan, I think it's a great question for any utility in today's market, where we have interest rates continue to be pretty much artificially held low, is that through all of the alternative mechanisms we've worked so hard to get in the past few years, it provides us more flexibility and optionality and ensures that when we do go in for rate cases, we don't have the bigger rate increases or rate shocks.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I mean, I guess, boiling that all down to kind of the target growth rate, so I guess you don't believe that having to achieve growth through alternative methods like DSIC will have a negative impact on your ability to meet the 7% to 10% kind of target range over the long term -- over the intermediate term, let's say.
Susan N. Story: No. In fact, our growth triangle we shared last year, we looked at the CapEx investment, and again, as Walter mentioned earlier, we look in all of our states. We look at where we need to invest. We look at the ROEs. We always provide a level of funding to ensure that we're able to provide the clean, safe, affordable and reliable service. And then we look at other capital that's a little more discretionary and where that goes. But also, when we look at that on top of the CapEx, you have the regulated acquisitions, you've got the market-based. So we have a diversified portfolio for growth, just as Walter said, we benefit from the geographic diversity we have with our states.
Operator: The next question will come from Dan Eggers of Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Listen, good job again on the improvement in the operating and efficiency ratios. Can you just maybe give your thoughts on what the trajectory of improvement looks like from here to '18 to get to your 35% goal? And are you now, as you've succeeded and moving in that pretty fast, are you reevaluating maybe where you could ultimately get to?
Susan N. Story: Well, Dan, if you looked at the O&M efficiency ratio as a straight line for improvement, that might be the case. But we've gone from 44.2% in 2010 to the 37.7% in the last 12 months. But really, the O&M efficiency ratio is more like an exponential curve as opposed to a linear line. And the further along that curve you get, the harder it is to make even smaller increments of change. So I don't think you can look into a straight line rate and think that, that's going to hold. We've been very successful. We have other opportunities, especially through automation and technology, but we stand to our stretch goal in 2018 of 35%.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, I could try at least.
Susan N. Story: And that was a night nice try, also.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: How much -- if you flip around the other way, how much of the improvement in earned ROEs this year versus last is a function of efficiency gains relative to maybe kind of the regulatory relief and mechanisms helping to put some revenues back in the business?
Susan N. Story: We know the calculation is basically O&M over revenues. And you can look at our revenue growth and you can look at our expenses and know that we've made significant improvements on expense management. You all ask us frequently, "Well, do you think there's more to get?" And the fact is that as Linda mentioned earlier, we're just now stabilizing our SAP system, the implementation from last year. We see opportunities there, and the innovation and technologies I talk about, we think will provide us even more opportunities in the future. So we have done a lot of things. What we do in the future may be a little bit more of that, but also some new areas.
Walter J. Lynch: And I can say that our drive for efficiency throughout our business has really taken hold. We've got, as I said on prior calls, we have a number of yellow belts that are looking at improving processes and eliminating errors. We have a supply chain that's so engaged with the business on looking to reduce the materials that we purchase. And our entire team is really focused on driving our cost down because they understand the why. The why is so that we can continue to invest in our infrastructure and do so with minimizing our customer impact. So we've made great progress. And as Susan said, we're going to continue to make progress to get below the 35%.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And I guess just kind of one last question just to put in context your kind of -- from a weather expectation for the rest of this year. What conditions would you like to see in August and September to help you shore up the upper end of guidance range? And what is the risk as you look at the forecast today? Seemingly mild temperatures most places.
Walter J. Lynch: Well, what we'd like is hot and dry weather. But our business is based on normal weather. So as long as we have -- and it's hard to determine what normal weather is, but as long as we have normal weather, that's what we're looking for.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So a little more heat and a little less wet from here would be good?
Susan N. Story: Through at least December.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes.
Susan N. Story: Through at least December.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Walter Liptak of Global Hunter.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the O&M expenses. And I understand that it's not going to be linear and all that. But I wonder, as you go work -- as you work with your ERP system and on projects, if you can better pinpoint the timing of any step change in expenses?
Linda G. Sullivan: So let me start there. So as you implement an ERP system, it takes a little bit of time to go through stabilization and then optimizing the system and then being able to really drive the improvement and get the efficiency out of the system. We are seeing, this year, we implemented our ERP system in 2012. We're seeing that efficiency coming through. This year, we implemented in 2 phases the customer information system as well as our work management system in 2013. So we would expect to move through those same stages through time and begin to continuously drive improvements and optimization.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like you got some projects that are going to start bearing some fruit as we get into next year.
Susan N. Story: Yes. I mean, the SAP, and also, as I mentioned, the NPXpress. Again, labor and power and chemicals are our largest cost drivers. So the more we can find ways to save on the power cost, which, by the way, just 3 years ago, our power costs were $110 million last year. For 2013, they were $94 million. So we're finding ways to reduce those large cost drivers, including the NPXpress also reduces the need for chemicals, that's up to 100% of the carbon additive. So and as Walter mentioned, the SAP system is allowing us much more visibility into inventory. For example, where we at one time could not see between state, what we had an inventory. Now we can do more inventory sharing, which is making us much more cost effective. Now those things, as Linda mentioned, don't happen overnight, but we see a steady building of the ability to do this. Some will be over the next year, some the next 2 to 3 years, but we see a path forward for continual improvement.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. Sounds good. I wanted to ask an unrelated question, but going back to the DSIC. Can you help us review just on which states are -- have that mechanism in place and where we are with DSIC for some of the other states that you operate in?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. We have DSIC in a number of states. But our top 5 states: New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Missouri, Illinois and Indiana all have DSIC. So again, a significant amount of our investment moves through those mechanisms to get recovery in the quickest amount of time.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And what does the pipeline look like for the rest of the states?
Susan N. Story: Well, we're always -- we look at several alternative mechanisms. We look at DSIC, we look at future test year. We're looking at mechanisms to address declining usage. So for all of our states, we're constantly evaluating the regulatory construct and which variations of these type of mechanisms could work best in every state. So we're always looking at all of our states and ways to address these issues.
Walter S. Liptak - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And I may have missed this, did you publish CapEx for this year?
Susan N. Story: We did. We said that we would spend around $1.1 billion.
Operator: The next question will come from Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just building on Ryan's first question. Is there a specific timeline for the BPU to finalize the CTA issue? And how does that affect the timing of your next New Jersey rate filing? Or more specifically, when do you expect to file next in the state?
Walter J. Lynch: Well, as I said in my prepared remarks, the comments are due back in August 18. And then there's no published timeline, but we'd expect something maybe by the end of the year. No guarantee, but that's what we think.
Susan N. Story: And Jonathan, to the second part of your question, we constantly evaluate in all of our states the appropriate timing for any rate cases.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I mean, do you need, I guess, the BPU to finalize that before you can file the case and actually get the implementation of the new CTA treatment?
Linda G. Sullivan: Once the BPU makes the decision, then it will be effective in your next rate case filing.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Are you at liberty to say how much that would increase New Jersey's underlying rate base value if the staff proposal is adopted?
Linda G. Sullivan: No, we're not. We had -- our last rate case was a black box settlement. And so each of those components are confidential.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Moving on to the O&M. Is the run rate of 37.7%, is that indicative of where you think the full year will come in?
Susan N. Story: We believe that we will continue to make progress on the O&M efficiency ratio from now through 2018 and get it to the stretch goal of 35%.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'll leave that one alone. So I think Q2, based on what you're saying that weather was normal when you kind of balance your university of regulatory jurisdictions, is that correct?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, that's correct.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, so the trend towards the upper end of guidance range is no way weather driven?
Susan N. Story: When we look at a range, there is some degree of weather variability that we build in there, but does not account for any extreme weather variability, which is why just in water, just as you see in electrics, the third quarter has such a big impact on our year that we just like to see what happens in the third quarter before we're able to address the range again. And I will tell you that again, we expect some weather variability. That's why you have a range in the first place, that's one of the components, but we need to look and see what happens. We're getting preliminary numbers for July, but that's not final. We've got to look at August and September to kind of see where we end up.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess just continuing with the weather theme a little bit and looking at your consumption numbers. It looks like, I guess, the residential and commercial are maybe down a little more than I would expect, specifically if Q2 last year was slightly negative due to weather. Is there anything you're seeing there that's exacerbating the decline from just the normal, I guess, 1% to 1.5% we've seen annually over the years in the industry?
Linda G. Sullivan: There's really nothing there. We have to remember, too, what we put out is billed and unbilled revenue and then billed sales volume. So what you're looking at is the billed sales volume piece of it, but we're seeing what would be expected from a usage decline.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, Jonathan. We're still seeing the 1% to 2% decline as we have over the last several years, nothing out of the ordinary there.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question on the military base side, one of your competitors recently has indicated a desire to perhaps pursue contracts on the electric side of bases, not just the water and wastewater. Is that something that you're interested in as well?
Susan N. Story: The 10 bases that we serve, we are partners with those bases. And we know our business is water and wastewater, but we also, as I mentioned earlier, have a lot of opportunities and projects at our plants that do look at the whole water-energy connection. So we are not planning that specifically for any base, but we are open to options in the future based on what we think we can deliver in a cost effective and performance, superior performance standpoint, to our partners.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question will come from Tim Winter of Gabelli.
Timothy M. Winter - G. Research, Inc.: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about the $700 million placeholder for acquisitions and development. Maybe, are there any specific opportunities out there? Is there a particular region you're focused on? Is the environment for municipal acquisitions improving? And why $700 million? Just any color there would be helpful.
Susan N. Story: When we set up the capital budget for this year, for the first time, we wanted to say, here is the amount that we want to look at regulated CapEx investment in our plant, pipes. And the other part was we said for regulated acquisitions, we want to make sure that we plan for a budget, and then we had the strategic initiative for those opportunities that might arise so that we didn't have to then scramble if something came up. So for example, for this year, as we look at regulated acquisitions, and as we've talked in the past before, Tim, they're very spiky and they don't happen overnight and they're in the pipeline and things come up, referendums, different things that may change the timing of some things. So for us, it's a placeholder. And then we got the strategic initiatives. As we've said before, there are things that we look at. Walter mentioned all of our work in the shale play, for example, is all regulated, but we continue to have discussions if we can find a nonregulated shale play that will not require us to take a risk or change our risk profile because we're not going to take a risk on invested capital in the ground. We want to have a return of at a minimum for any of those ventures. So it was a placeholder, but what we also have the ability to do is as we go into a year, we have the ability to shift some of those funds from one place to the other. For example, if we see one area we may not spend as much, we have the opportunity, if we have a need, for example, in the state for additional investment, we can shift it over there. So that's why Walter mentioned, and I and Linda all, we still see a path to the $1.1 billion this year. At the end of the year, it may not be quite in the buckets that we talked about at the first of the year.
Timothy M. Winter - G. Research, Inc.: Okay. And then are the -- so you say the drought conditions in the West -- are just the economic conditions leaning to an easier environment for acquisitions? Or are things sort of status quo?
Walter J. Lynch: Well, we're -- we do discuss with municipalities and others out in California the opportunity to become part of American Water. We'll continue to do that. I think that would probably play into it long term.
Susan N. Story: One of the benefits that we've got, Tim, to that point is, we have the ability to raise capital. We are -- as Linda mentioned, we have a strong credit rating. We have a strong balance sheet. So where, regardless of the state, there are opportunities for systems that have huge demands on their resources and choose to not deploy them in water or wastewater, we provide an option for those folks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to American Water's President and CEO, Susan Story for closing remarks.
Susan N. Story: Well, thank you all so much. I have to tell you, this is an interesting call, as you heard different voices on here. It has -- I don't think there's ever more an exciting time to be part of American Water. We have an amazing team of people. We've got 6,600 employees that every day, their focus is on making sure that we deliver water and wastewater and all of our services in a way that's clean, safe, affordable and reliable. And we understand what our business is. We're going to stay true to our business with a risk profile you know but also find ways to grow. So thank you for being part of this, and I just want to say that I'm just thrilled to death with the team we've got. Our new CFO is just doing a terrific job, much better than her predecessor. And again, Walter and the continuity we have, with the tremendous expertise we have through our state and our Market-Based business. I'm just proud to be part of this team, and we appreciate you all as investors and analysts.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded. We thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Susan N. Story - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations
Analysts: Adam Walter Muro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division Shivangi Tipnis
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 15, 2014, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4678978. The online archive of the webcast will be available through June 9, 2014, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour, and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to our future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. And such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. And with that, now, I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to all of you that are on the phone. I really appreciate you joining us today. As you probably know, this is my last earnings call with American Water, and it's a pretty nice to be going out with such good results. Let me just say that it's been a true pleasure to work with the team here in the process of creating strong and sustained value for you, our shareholders. I'm pleased to say that while we had a challenging quarter in terms of weather and subsequent impact on water main breaks, in fact, our water main breaks were higher than last year by, on average, over 35%. And of course, we had the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia, which we've talked about. Our employees delivered a very solid first quarter through our focus on growth and continuous improvement. Revenue, net income, and cash flow increased quarter-over-quarter, and our O&M efficiency ratio continued to improve. If you go to Slide 5, you can see that our operating revenue increased about 7% and adjusted diluted earnings per share, which excludes the year-to-date impact of the West Virginia event of about $0.02, was $0.40 per share, up 25% from the $0.32 per share last year. This increase is mainly due to higher revenues in our Regulated Businesses, driven by rate authorizations and infrastructure surcharges, as well as increases in our market-based revenues, mostly from capital projects associated with our military contracts. And Susan will go through that in more detail in her section. And I do want to mention that in addition to Susan, who will join me in the presentation; and Walter Lynch, who is always with us, it's a pleasure to have Linda Sullivan, our soon-to-be CFO; and Aldie Warnock, our Head of External Relations, Communications and Public Policy, with us in the room along with other of our senior execs. And we also reported an increase in cash flow from operating activities of approximately $95 million, the drivers of which Susan will go into in a little more detail in a few minutes. And our adjusted consolidated ROE increased to 8.45% for the 12 months ending March 2014 from 8.29% for the 12 months ending March 31, 2013. If you go to Slide 6, you know that last week our Board of Directors authorized an 11% increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.28 to $0.31 per share. We have increased the quarterly dividend every year since our IPO in 2008. As a matter of fact, we're among the top quartile of regulated utility companies in terms of dividend growth, highlighting our ability and commitment to providing solid dividend growth for our investors, who are continuing to appropriately invest in our systems on behalf of customers, and pursuits of growth opportunities. This dividend increase is in line with our dividend practice of growing the dividend commensurate with earnings growth, while targeting a 50% to 60% payout ratio. If you turn to Slide 7, I'd just like to highlight a couple of our business achievements, so far this year that drive not only our current, but our future financial performance. Capital investments for the quarter totaled approximately $175 million, and that compares to about a $115 million for the same period last year when you don't include the business transformation expenditures. So in terms of pipes in the ground, meters, et cetera, an increase in the amount of CapEx, so far this year, in spite of the cold weather, which hampered the ability to do some construction. As we've stated previously, we anticipate investing approximately $5.1 billion in our Regulated Operations in the next 5 years, and then in addition, we've set aside about $700 million for acquisition and strategic opportunities. And the majority of that $5.1 billion will be invested in needed system upgrades and improvements to ensure continued reliable service for our customers. On the regulatory front year-to-date, the company received authorization from general rate cases in Iowa, primarily driven by infrastructure investments. We also received about $14.5 million in additional annualized revenues from infrastructure surcharges in several states. And among those, I just want to point out that there was a key decision in Tennessee in which our Tennessee subsidiary filed an alternative regulatory mechanism case and successfully negotiated a settlement in this case, which consisted of 3 investment riders and 1 expense pass-through clause. This was one of the states that -- in which we did not have those kinds of disc mechanisms, and now, we do. We're very pleased to have the kind of reception that we did in Tennessee, an excellent example of how we are pursuing constructive regulatory mechanisms that speed the process of making needed investments in our systems for the benefit of customers while minimizing rate impacts. On the cost side, we continue to improve our O&M efficiency ratio to 38.2% for the 12 months ended March 31, 2014, compared to 40% for the same period of the prior year. As we've discussed on previous calls, as we drive efficiency into our operations, we can enable more of the needed investment in the aging water infrastructure without putting undue burden on the water bills of our customers. We also have had success on the growth front, closing 3 regulated acquisitions in Indiana and Missouri, while having a total of 5 acquisitions that are pending approval. On the market-based front, we announced that our Military Services Group won a contract with Hill Air Force Base in Utah, which is currently worth about $280 million over its 50-year life, which means that we have now got about $1.3 billion in backlog. And our Homeowner Services Group expanded into 4 new states since the beginning of the year. Now you'll remember that we had -- we talked last time about seeing an increase in the inside plumbing claims, given the extremely cold weather. But I'll tell you that, that was more than offset with revenue growth and other cost controls within the Homeowners Services business line. Before we continue, I know we spent a good amount of time on the year end earnings call discussing the Freedom Industries chemical spill and our response to it. So I won't go into those details, but I do want to provide you a very quick update. The chemical has been at non-detect at 2 parts per 1 billion or below since February 25 of this year, which is 500x lower than the level considered safe by the CDC. 6 of the 16 activated carbon filters have been changed out of our Kanawha Valley plant, and water samples taken from the first 6 filters completed in this project showed no detection of the chemical at the lowest laboratory reporting level available. Again, we are exceptionally proud of how our team at West Virginia American Water handled this situation and how they have continued to do everything they can to serve our customers through what is, without a doubt, a very difficult situation. So with that, we're reaffirming our annual earnings guidance to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.45 per share, excluding the impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill. The impact of the spill through the first quarter of this year was $0.02 per share, and we estimate an additional impact of $0.01 to $0.02 per share impact for the remainder of this year. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term earnings per share growth goal of 7% to 10%, through execution of our growth strategies and continued operational efficiency gains. Turning to Slide 9. Let me just sit on some other leadership -- some other news during the quarter. First, we have 2 new faces on our leadership team, which I introduced a moment ago. Linda Sullivan, who will become our Chief Financial Officer tomorrow, as many of you know, comes from Southern California Edison where she was a CFO, and brings with her more than 25 years of financial leadership experience. Having most recently led a successful company-wide program to enhance growth and optimize SoCal's cost structure, her experience directly correlates with American Water's financial, strategic and long-term goals. We are thrilled to have her on the board with us, and I know she looks forward to meeting with you all in the near future. We also recently announced the addition of Aldie Warnock to our executive leadership team. I have known Aldie for over a decade, and his sterling reputation with regulators, legislators and other key constituencies is the hallmark by which we wanted him to join us, and we're so glad that he did. He'll greatly add to our company's capacity to grow, influence public policy and constructively engage with key constituencies. You're up for that, right, Aldie? Before I turn it over to Susan for a financial update, I do want to mention that this is also the time of year when all water providers issue their annual water quality reports. In 2013, American Water, again, scored above 99% for compliance with EPA standards. This is truly an exceptional achievement. In fact, based on the current information from the U.S. EPA, American Water performs 20x better than the industry average for compliance with drinking water quality standards and 150x better than the industry average for compliance with drinking water reporting and monitoring requirements. These results are delivered because of truly our employees' commitment to our customers and the ongoing proactive program to upgrade all of our facilities. Our commitment to providing our customers with innovative solutions is also evident from the recent worldwide agreement we signed with Abengoa to license our NPXpress technology. We've talked about the NPXpress technology before and the creation of our innovation development team. The NPXpress technology helps wastewater utilities reduce electricity and chemical cost when removing nitrogen and phosphorous through certain kinds of mechanisms. So we're very excited to bring this product into the market, through such a great company as Abengoa. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Susan Story for more detail on our financials.
Susan N. Story: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning to you all. It's a pleasure to be here with you today to review the first quarter 2014 results. Jeff has already reviewed many of the key highlights. I'll take just a few minutes to discuss the drivers of our first quarter results in just a bit more detail. Turning to Slide 12. As Jeff mentioned, first quarter 2014 was yet another quarter of solid financial results. We saw increasing revenues and we also continued our progress in improving our operating efficiency. For the 3 months ending March 31, 2014, we reported operating revenues of $681.9 million, which is $45.8 million higher than the first quarter of 2013. This increase is the result of higher revenues in both our Regulated Businesses and in our market-based operation, which I'll discuss in a little more detail on the revenues bridge line[ph]. We also reported, for the first quarter, net income of $68.1 million or diluted earnings per share of $0.38. This compares with net income of $57.6 million or diluted EPS of $0.32 for the first quarter of 2013. As Jeff mentioned previously, included in the $0.38 is a $0.02 charge related to the Freedom Industries chemical spill in West Virginia. Excluding this $0.02 onetime impact, our adjusted EPS for first quarter 2014 was $0.40 per share. We also paid a dividend of $0.28 per share during the quarter. There was no dividend payment in the first quarter of 2013 because we accelerated that payment to December 2012, so our investors could take advantage of the lower dividend taxes before the new tax changes that took place on January 1, 2013. For March 31, 2014, we reported cash flow from operating activities of $244.9 million compared to $149.6 million in 2013. The increase in cash flow from operations was primarily due to 3 things: first, stronger cash flow from core growth in the business; second, a decrease in pension and post-retirement benefit contribution; and third, changes in working capital, mainly due to the timing of vendor payment. This timing of vendor payment issue was due to us making fewer payments in the first quarter of 2014 compared to the first quarter of 2013. You may recall that we implemented our new ERP system, which included an accounts payable module in August of '12. Because of this, there were some delays in making payments to our vendors and service contractors in late '12. Upon system stabilization, significant catch-up payments were made in the first quarter of 2013, which decreased cash flow from operations for that quarter as compared to the first quarter of '14. Now let's discuss the different components of our financials, starting with revenues on Slide 13. Again, I encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. Overall, operating revenues increased $45.8 million or 7.2%, with revenues from our Regulated Business increasing by $34.4 million or 6% compared to the first quarter of '13. Regulated revenues were higher primarily due to the first 4 items you see on this slide: first, authorized rate increases for a number of our operating companies was $19.8 million; second, higher water usage of $5.8 million, which we believe was partly due to customers letting faucets drip to prevent frozen pipes in the extremely harsh winter; third, increased surcharge and amortization of balancing account of $5.3 million; and fourth, a $3.3 million benefit from our 2013 acquisitions, with the most significant being Dale Services Corporation in Virginia. Before I move on to market-based operations revenue, I'd like to quickly discuss the increase in billed water sales volume across all classes in the first quarter of this year. And let me remind you, we report both billed and unbilled revenue, but we only report billed volume. The billed volume that we had was 6.7 billion gallons this quarter or 8.9% higher than the same period last year. This increase is primarily due to higher billed revenue versus unbilled as a result of system stabilization in the first quarter of 2014, especially reflected in commercial and industrial segments. With the implementation of our CIS system, unbilled revenues at December 31, 2013, were significantly higher than historical levels due to billing delays in certain accounts. During the first quarter of 2014, we addressed the majority of those delayed billings. Therefore, as a result, there is a corresponding increase in billed versus unbilled revenue this quarter, which is reflected in the billed volume. Please see our 10-Q on file with the SEC for additional detail. Continuing with our market-based business. Revenues for the first 3 months of 2014 increased by $11.5 million. The largest contributor to this increase was $7.6 million in our Contract Operations Group, primarily related to additional revenues from capital project activities associated with our military contracts. Homeowner Services contributed $5.3 million, attributable to contract growth, mainly as a result of our New York City partnership. These increases were offset somewhat by a reduction in revenues attributable to terminated municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts in 2013. On Slide 14. Total operating expenses for the 3 months ended March 31, 2014, increased by about $24 million compared to the same period in '13. Operation and maintenance expense in the Regulated Business increased $8.9 million or 3.3%. Within the regulated O&M expense category, production expenses were the biggest single contributor to increased expenses by $8.8 million or 14.6% for the quarter. This increase is a result of purchased water cost, including price increases in our California subsidiary, as well as higher fuel and power costs due to the increased sales. This was due both to increased customer demand and higher supplier prices in several of our operating facilities. Customer billing and accounting expenses increased $3 million or 29.8%. This increase is primarily due to uncollectible expenses associated with the aging of receivables as a result of slower-than-normal collection patterns and, to a lesser extent, to the rate increases. We believe the increase in our receivables' aging is the result of temporary changes made in our billing and collection processes with the implementation of our new CIS system in 2013, and we expect these issues to lessen throughout the year. Maintenance, materials and supplies, which include emergency repairs, as well as cost for preventive maintenance, increased $2.2 million or 11.9% for the 3 months ended March 31, '14, compared to the same period in 2013. As Jeff has mentioned previously, with the abnormally harsh winter weather in most of our operating areas, we incurred a significantly higher number of water main breaks, which resulted in an increase in paving, backfilling and other repair costs. The operating supplies and services and other category increased about $900,000 overall. These costs increased $1.9 million or 3.5% in the quarter, mainly due to increased legal costs for our West Virginia subsidiary associated with the Freedom Industries chemical spill in January of '14. These costs were partially offset by a $1 million or 8.1% decrease in the other expense. This category includes casualty and liability insurance premiums, as well as regulatory costs, which were favorable for the quarter year-over-year. Employee-related costs, which includes salaries and wages, group insurance and pension expense decreased $6 million or 5.3% for the 3 months ended March 31, 2014, compared to the same period last year. The overall decrease in employee-related costs for the 3 months ended March 31 of this year was primarily due to decreased pension and post-retirement benefit costs. The market-based business increase and total O&M expense of $6.6 million or 11.2% is mainly due to operating supplies and services being $6.3 million higher. This is attributable to the increase in construction, project activities for our military contracts, which corresponds with increase in revenue. In the first quarter of 2014, we also reported a higher consolidated depreciation and amortization expense of $6.4 million and a $2.1 million increase in general tax, parent and other. The increase in depreciation and amortization was principally as a result of additional utility plants placed into service, including Phase 2 of our SAP project. You may remember that Phase II our CIS and EAM systems were placed into service in 2 ways during the second and fourth quarters of 2013. Turning now to Slide 15. To better explain the period-over-period difference in our earnings per share figures, you see here our EPS bridge. As you can see, our starting point is first quarter 2013 EPS of $0.32. Next, we outlined the various financial drivers, which get us to our first quarter 2014 number, most of which I've already described in the revenues and expenses discussion. The 3 months ended March 31, 2014, GAAP diluted earnings per share is $0.38. We have added back the onetime West Virginia event impact of $0.02, which brings our adjusted earnings per share to $0.40. As I mentioned, the other components were discussed earlier. We will be happy to answer any questions or provide any further clarification during our question-and-answer session. Slide 16 shows our O&M efficiency ratio. As Jeff mentioned earlier, for the last 12 months ending March 31, 2014, we achieved a 38.2% ratio, which is a considerable improvement from the 40% ratio we had the same period last year. As we have shared with many of you previously, our long-term goal is to achieve a 35% O&M efficiency ratio by 2018. Continuing our drive for effectively managing our O&M allows us to invest much needed capital in our aging infrastructure to improve customer service and reliability while holding down the impact of doing so on our customer's bill. The tremendous impact of the work that our employees have achieved with these cost efficiencies is demonstrated in our rate case outcome for the past few years as shown on Slide 17. In 2013, 95% of effective rate increases were dedicated to recovering capital investments rather than for O&M recovery, up from 56% in 2010. If you look at the rate cases effective to date in 2014, our efforts to operate as efficiently as possible have resulted in a full 100% of these incremental revenue requirements attributable to capital investments. Further, the incremental revenue requirement for O&M in 2014 was actually reduced by 25% as a result of lower operating expenditures in Iowa and Pennsylvania combined, offering the opportunity for further capital investment without impacting the customer's bill. We are very proud of the effort and the result by all of our employees to reach this level of operating efficiency. Now let's look at recent regulatory highlights on Slide 18, which shows formal rate cases awaiting final order, as well as it lists step increases and DSIC filings, which impacted the quarter or are still pending. As you can see from the chart, we implemented new rates effective January 1, 2014, in Pennsylvania, and also have new rates effective April 18, 2014, in Iowa, for a combined annualized total of $29.8 million. Additionally, $1.2 million in step increases from a prior rate case in our New York subsidiary became effective April 1, 2014. Infrastructure charges already awarded to the affected in the first and second quarters of 2014 totaled $14.5 million annually and represent the ability to more timely recover capital, which we invest to improve both infrastructure and customer service. As of May 8, we are awaiting orders for general rate cases in 2 states, infrastructure charges in 1 state and a step increase in 1 state. And in the Appendix, you will find an updated version of our largest 10 states with their authorized rate base and allowed return on equity. These are historic cases, and we advise you to review the footnotes for a fuller understanding of the particular case in question. While you can never project how any new case will be determined, we just hope that this helps you understand our current rate environment. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks very much, Susan. Just turning quickly to Slide 19, this was in our Analyst Day presentation and it provides the roadmap of the specific things we can be held accountable for during the course of the year and their progress will be reported on. We've really talked through all of these and, I think, have conveyed that all of them are moving forward on schedule. Before we turn the call over to questions, let me just make a couple of brief personal comments. When I joined American Water 4 years ago, it was clear that there were many challenges, and those become opportunities, right? And -- but what I had confidence in was when I met the employees. And I know it's kind of cliché to say, but I can't tell you how true it is here. All the employees that I met, they care deeply about the customers they serve and about the job that they do. But more than that, they're eager to learn how to be better. And that's the key ingredient for success, and it's what's helped us be so successful through this past period of time and I know that will continue. For those of you that are analysts, I want to thank you for your candor with us. It has helped shape our thinking, not just in how we communicate things, but also our strategy. For those of you who are investors, I very much am humbled by your investment in us and the knowledge that we have that we will continue to earn that trust and investment for the future. And I also -- I want to close by saying that, I couldn't be happier or more comfortable in turning the reins of the company over to Susan. She's a tremendous leader. She has a great team that will continue to provide tremendous results for you as investors and also for the communities we serve and our employees. So it is easy for me try retirement the second time, knowing that this company will be in the great hands that it is. So with that, let's take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line Adam Muro with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Walter Muro - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm filling in for Neil Mehta here. I've had a good question here on your long-term dividend growth, especially after the recent dividend raise. What factors do you guys look at and consider when you're thinking of increasing or decreasing this? And then the next thing is, on the many tuck-in acquisitions that you guys have announced in several states recently, how much real [ph] are these? And what cost-saving opportunities should we be thinking about when we review these?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Why don't you take the first one.
Susan N. Story: Okay. On the dividend question, Adam, we have a dividend practice that we want to grow our dividend, commensurate with our EPS growth, and we target a payout ratio with 50% to 60%. Very important for us also to have predictable, stable earnings growth.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And on the acquisition side, it depends, is the simple answer. And this is one of the reasons why we have a significant focus in the wastewater area, because when we are already providing water in a community and then take over the wastewater system, there are significant cost-saving opportunities, because we will be using the same rolling stock, a lot of the same equipment, and the same people. Obviously, it's different pipe and some of the equipment is different, but there's a lot of similarities, and so there is the opportunity for lowering the cost per customer or per mile of pipe or however you want to look at it. Other than that, it will just vary based on the size of the acquisition, its proximity to existing territory. Most of them are tuck-ins to basically adjacencies, we're able to integrate it fairly, quick -- effectively. But obviously, they also vary in size, from 100 customers to 20,000 customers. So it kind of it depends on the specifics of the acquisition. But we -- as we said before, we are more encouraged with the ability to do these kinds of acquisitions with the success we had last year and so far this year, we've got 8.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Dan Eggers with Crédit Suisse.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, Jeff, congratulations, and this is the second retirement we've said goodbye to you on, I suppose?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. But you want to say, thank God it's going to be the last one, isn't it?
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, I will withhold comment, how does that sound? Can we talk a little bit about the kind of the non-regulated distributor side of the business, what you're seeing as far as your kind of backlog development's concerned and where that business, if you look at kind of what's in queue or what you guys are talking about, how much business is sitting there and kind of confidence in the rate of growth on that side?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me add -- let me start with a few comments and ask Susan to chime in. The -- you got -- you kind of look at it in its different pieces, take military services. We're pretty bullish about the opportunities that are present in the military services side. There's been a hiatus, as we've talked about before, of about for 3 years, when no awards were made, at least none of significance, because we're really only focused on the larger basis. And now we're starting to see that shake loose. We're very pleased with the amount of additional capital awards that were made last September, October to us. That's about $142 million, and that's in fact, what's driving a lot of the revenue growth in the military side first quarter of this year. In fact, it would have even been higher, but the cold weather impaired the ability to do some of the construction. So we think that there is -- remains good growth opportunity within the military services side. You've got -- the air force has now become much more engaged in the process. The Army has a number of bases that still will go forward. So we can see 40 to 50 facilities out for bid in the next, say, 4 years or so. Now obviously, not all of them we will bid on, because a lot of them will be smaller outposts that we're just not -- that's not going to attract our attention. Homeowner services, on the heels of New York and now Nashville, the opportunities that we see in partnering with some large municipalities to provide services on bill is very positive. I mean, we've seen very significant growth in that business. The keys will be managing the cost side and the customer service side as it grows so that we maintain good profitable margins. And in the balance of the contract services business, we've gone through a very specific process of weeding out what I'll just call, frankly, bad contracts. And it drove our revenues down out of that business, but our margins went up substantively. And we've now got that business positioned where it is taking on some new contracts for the first time that are adding to that margin and adding to revenue. But we had to, what I'll call, clean up the system first.
Susan N. Story: Right. And Jeff is exactly right. In the 2 growing areas that we have disclosed to you all before in terms of military services and homeowner services, we're continuing to see great opportunity for growth. Additionally, we're looking at adjacency, where, for example, we serve military bases, other federal facilities. We're looking at -- the Homeowner Services Group, as Jeff said, has been very successful, and we're repeating success because we have people who know what we're doing, we understand how to serve customers and we're seeing that area grow and we're looking at adjacencies. He mentioned, for that example, the in-house plumbing. We've previously said, we were looking at things like HVAC. So we see growth in the areas we've defined, and we also -- our group is consistently and constantly looking for new opportunities that leverage the core competencies we already have and provide opportunities for us to provide a great service for customers.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And just keep in mind, Dan, as we've talked about before, we're going to -- that business will grow at a higher rate than the regulated business. But we're going do it in a way that does not substantively change the overall risk profile of the company. That's where the military services piece is important. The duration of the contracts that we enter into and the cost-recovery mechanisms in the contract services side. Those things that help make sure that these are not significantly different in their risk profile.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I know it's a simple process, but if you look at the increase in revenues on that business and increase in cost in the quarter, I think, about a 42%, 43% incremental margin on the revenue dollars brought in. Is that a reasonable rule of thumb? Or do you think there was too much clutter this quarter to kind of use that as an operating assumption?
Jeffry E. Sterba: The answer is yes, Dan. There's too much clutter. And that's the same answer you'll get every quarter, only because it's fluid. It moves around. And we're not going to give insight into specific margins for those businesses, because it's a -- they're very competitive. But you'll be able to see in total, I think, strong margins because of the way that we're growing that business.
Daniel L. Eggers - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just one more question. With drought conditions ongoing in the West, how should we be thinking about the effect on results this year? I know you get into more conversations of other water resource alternatives that could spur growth for you guys, as people maybe get a little less comfortable with traditional water resources.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I guess, a couple of things. Remember, in California, we have the WRAM mechanisms. So usage is decoupled from revenues. The revenues are decoupled from usage. The one area that was not that way was Sacramento. However, we have filed because of the restrictions and our imposition of voluntary conservation measures in Sacramento, we have filed and gotten approval to initiate a memorandum account to track the reduction in revenues in Sacramento. So it can be rolled into the WRAM also. So we feel really good about that. In terms of the new technology opportunities, obviously, we've got our desal project moving forward. And I got to tell you, it's picking up more steam, particularly on the political front. Because we've got a group of mayors in the Monterey Peninsula who truly understand this is the last best opportunity for that area to have water security. And that's very important. We're seeing more interest in, what I'll call, smaller-scale desal opportunities that we're -- we've got some ongoing discussions regarding. And at the notion of reuse, it's going to really be price driven. And so I think for -- in California, reuse is getting more and more economic. In other parts, it needs a push, because it just doesn't -- with the molecule being effectively free, it just doesn't have enough oomph[ph], except in places like in certain parts of New York City, where they're subsidizing it, or in California, where the prices are getting to a point. Walter?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Just one more thing, back to California. I just want to say that we do have adequate water supplies in all of our districts throughout California. And we're monitoring that very closely. Our groundwater and the purchase water, but we're also working with the fire department to make sure they have adequate fire flows to fight the wildfires that are ongoing out in California.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Shahriar Pourreza with Citigroup.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Given the tenure of the market-based operation contracts, the cash flow certainty as well as price certainty. Have you looked at alternative financing vehicles as a way to lower your cost of capital as you've bid on further projects?
Susan N. Story: Shariar, thank you for the question. One of the things, as we look at our market-based businesses, they're extremely capitalized. We have very little capital investment in that part of the business. It's more revenue, O&M, those type of things. In the military, even though we billed these projects, as we've said before, predominantly we just deploy working capital and then we get reimbursed at certain stages. So with that said, as we look at the future, we're looking at everything, but right now, it's not as big of an issue because of that.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And if we end up with a greater consecutive [ph] flow of concessions and things like that, we're going to remain open to whatever structures will help us lower cost of financing without fundamentally changing risks. And that's one other -- that's why, for example, we're so aggressively pursuing the defeasances [ph] issues on municipal bonds, so that we can retain and maintain the low cost debt that may have been put in place on our facility. So we'll continue to look at that. But Susan's right. So far, it is very capitalized.
Shahriar Pourreza - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Terrific, terrific. And then just one last question. As you look at your market-based operations in the viewpoint that you will -- that the mix will remain at a level where it doesn't increase the risk profile of the company. Where does, I guess, shale opportunities fit into that outlook?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Very good question, and the answer is both. So far, it has virtually all been on our regulated side of the business. We have a very good framework and model that we've been deploying with fairly rapid growth in Southwestern Pennsylvania, but mostly in the Marcellus, a little bit of Utica. But we do continue to have discussions with drillers on scenarios where a market-based solution may be more appropriate. But as we've said, if it's a market-based solution, we are willing to take risk on returns, we're not willing to take risk on return of. So the return on the capital, we -- that's business. But we are not going to place the return of capital at risk. So that whether it's through take-or-pay contracts or some other mechanism or commitment of acreage, we will manage the risk that way. So, so far, it's been on the regulated side.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Jeff, congrats on a job well done, and hopefully, retirement does last a little longer for you this time. Susan, I'm just trying to understand the usage a little better during the quarter and kind of wanted to make sure that I understood it correctly. The 8.9% billed sales growth is attributable to the difference between billed versus unbilled just kind of timing-wise, right?
Susan N. Story: Well, we roughly estimate that 70%, 75% of that billed volume is attributable to the billed-unbilled situation. The other 25% to 30%, we attribute to 2 things: one, I mentioned earlier, what we call the drip theory or the drip effect, which we typically every year see in, for example, West Virginia, but it was so cold this year, we saw it in other states. And the second piece of the volume increase, we believe, is due to acquisitions. So yes, primarily it is the billed, unbilled, because we don't report unbilled volume. But that's about 3/4 of it. But the rest of it, we attribute to actual consumption increase.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So that other 25% or 30%, is that, I guess, what attributes to that 2% increase that you said -- or the $0.02 increase quarter-over-quarter?
Susan N. Story: Yes, that we call the demand. Because remember, on revenue, we report billed and unbilled revenue. So the revenue's pretty clear. It's the volume that we only report billed. Volume.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Right. So the 25% to 30%, translates into that $0.02?
Susan N. Story: Yes, that's correct.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Would you say -- I mean, I guess, from an economic standpoint, things have been improving in your service territories. I mean, does that have any play or is it just kind of too early to see in terms of natural customer growth and higher usage?
Susan N. Story: We look at some -- we consider some very small organic growth. It's a little too early, Jonathan. You're correct, it's very early in the first quarter. But we have, in our projections, seen a very small organic growth.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, on the military base businesses, do you expect, I guess, the elevated pace of construction to continue for the remainder of the year? I think, Jeff, you alluded that had Q1 not been so cold, there actually would have been more?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. In fact, we expect that it will go, not just to this year but next year, because typically, the awards that they usually made at the end of the fiscal year, that's where the $142 million of new awards came through. A lot of them are 1-, no more than 2-year construction projects. They may bleed into year 3. So that really will affect the next couple of years. And again, when we hit September, October this year, we should see another round of awards. But we're also optimistic and hopeful that we'll see some base -- some additional base awards following the heels of the last one we got.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. It kind of leads into my next question. So I know you were talking about a pretty high number of RFPs that -- or bases that you think are, going to come up over the next 4 years or so. Any in the near term, that you think will be decided on, that you guys are participating in? And then, the kind of second part, when will the new Utah base start impacting results?
Jeffry E. Sterba: We'll take the second question first. Utah, frankly, this is a very quick transition. Our folks are really already on the ground. We're going through the hiring process of the employees, et cetera, and I can't remember the specific date, is it September? September, we will be operating the facility. On the others, in terms of new, I think, we have said that there are about 6 or so that we are -- that are in various stages. We're very leery about saying when the awards come because it is a process that has ebbs and flows. And so it's supposed to be an 18-month process, but quite frankly, it's usually 3 or more years. So they're in various states. We do think that there will hopefully be some within the next 12 months that will come forward. And when I talked about the roughly 40 or so bases that will be added in the RFP, remember we're not going to after all those. For us, they really need to be in the $250 million range or higher, and -- or have some strategic positioning value, where it may be a smaller contract, but it's got a lot more potential for growth or it's tied to one of the other bases that we're already on. So we will only go bid on a percentage of those.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Leslie Rich with JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Just a couple quick questions. In your earnings release, you talk about Rex Energy and XTO Energy. Could you give a little more detail about what you did during the quarter with them?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. The -- both of these are entities that we have done a fair amount of work with. These are line extensions where we're building a pipeline distance, and they all vary on the distance, but to an area where they have got drill sites. And then, what happens is they will contribute capital into that pipeline construction. We put capital into it. It then gets rolled automatically into rates. And then, the revenues flow as they purchase retail water. Then any other customers that want to be served off that pipe, we have the right to serve. And so we effectively end up with a certificated service territory awarded by the commission for the right to serve everywhere around that pipeline. As most of these are going into areas that don't have water supplies today, it gives us that longer-term growth potential through both commercial and retail applications of water.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: I'm sorry, how long did you say the pipelines were or how many customers around there could you potentially have there?
Jeffry E. Sterba: We've done 0.5-mile to 10-mile extensions. I don't think we've done any that I can think of, Susan that are longer -- more -- bigger than 10-miles yet. But there -- we've done -- I don't want to give a number because I don't remember the exact number. But more than a handful of these.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then, just on the expense side, you said that lower pension expense was a benefit in terms of the lower employee-related costs. What do you expect for the full year on that front?
Susan N. Story: Leslie, we disclosed at Investor Day last December that we thought that pension and other post-employee benefit -- postretirement employee benefits would have about a $0.06 to -- probably $0.06 to $0.08 impact this year.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: So most of that was in the first quarter?
Susan N. Story: No. It's evenly spread throughout the year. It is -- annually, it is a long-term impact. 2014 has a larger impact in the succeeding years.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: Okay. And then finally, there was an item that you call 2013 tax benefit from market-based reorganizations. What is that?
Susan N. Story: Yes. Last year, in the first quarter, we reorganized American Water Resources, which was technically part of the market-based business, structurally, legally into AWE, and that allowed us to utilize state NOLs that we might otherwise have not been able to utilize. And that was a onetime occurrence the first quarter of '13 that we did not replicate this year.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Spencer Joyce with Hilliard Lyons.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Jeff, congrats on retirement. You will be missed.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Spencer. I appreciate it.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: We're getting kind of long here, so I'll try to keep it brief. Was just wondering if you all could give us a little bit of color on the additional $0.01 to $0.02 in West Virginia that are expected to be incurred over the balance of the year. Is that some quantifiable legal liability that you have? Or is it potentially -- are you still seeing some demand destruction there? Just what's behind that $0.01 to $0.02?
Jeffry E. Sterba: It is a combination of things. Yes, there is a little bit of demand destruction, but it is getting smaller and smaller. But as you know, I think, we are now -- we have 58 suits that we have been named in, they're largely against Freedom chemical, but they are in bankruptcy. So we're thrown in there. We have had some good success so far in the cases, where we moved them into the Federal Court, and the federal judge to which one of them that was assigned, has taken the action, taken a very interest -- key interest in this and has taken the steps to consolidate all of the cases into 1 case, which is a good thing. For the remand purposes, right. And so there is -- but you never -- these things can play out for a while. So it's an allowance for legal costs. It's an allowance for -- there's still -- we may -- we're going to continue to do a heightened level of testing for a while, so those kinds of costs that are built into it and a little bit of demand destruction.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay, so it...
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. There's no liability in there. We don't believe there is any liability. Kellye, our General Counsel, is making sure that we say it, because it is absolutely correct that there is no liability expectation, and we have not built that into any of our projections.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. So at this point, most of it would be more ongoing, as you said, testing, paying the lawyers, things of that nature, but no specific liability?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. We tried to see if we could pay the lawyers in kind through water and that didn't work out.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Yes. That would be nice. One final, real quick one. You all went into great detail on the Rex Energy and the XTO process there, how you're getting the pipe in and how you're recovering that investment. Is it safe to say, and this can be just kind of a quick 1- or 2-word answer, the regulatory framework there is still pretty favorable. You're not getting any kind of pushback from either local governments or the state regulators relative to what you expected in getting this -- these type of ventures off the ground?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Just the opposite.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Shivangi Tipnis with Global Hunter Securities.
Shivangi Tipnis: My first question is on like you had a very strong first quarter. So wondering what makes you keep the guidance and not really reuse it? We would have really liked to see some improvement in the low end of the guidance range. So like are you being a little conservative or there are some pieces and you'd like to know?
Jeffry E. Sterba: The thing that you'll find in the water business is the summer makes or breaks the year. And so in -- so from our perspective, it would take something significant before you change guidance, before you get through -- or at least, largely through the summer, because it just can have a significant impact.
Susan N. Story: And also, remember that we give annual guidance. We don't give quarterly guidance, because of differences in the quarter. We don't reveal our budget and we don't give quarterly guidance. So for us, it's an annual play. So.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay. I'm looking at your slide presentation on Slide 23, it looks like your water sales in gallons for industrials, commercial and public is on the rise year-over-year compared to the residential sales. Can you provide some color on exactly what's going on there? Is it kind of a new trend developing or just like low residential sales due to the weather impact?
Susan N. Story: Actually, in my earlier comments, it's -- about 70% to 75% of this, especially given industrial and commercial, is due to the fact that we report only billed volumes, while we report billed and unbilled revenue. So in the -- at the end of '13, we held some bills back because of our new system, to ensure they were correct for our industrial customers and some of our large commercials. So we actually were able to fix that in the first quarter. So we had a lot more revenue go from unbilled to billed. So when it went to billed revenue, we also reported billed volumes. So you saw a market increase. About 3/4 of that increase is due to the fact that we were making up the billings that we had in industrial and commercial, especially, and some in residential.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay, got it. And one question on the market base operations. So what is the duration of your homeowner services business warranty contracts? And how does the pricing and cost rate of the mechanism work there?
Susan N. Story: The duration is typically 1 year. It can be -- we can either choose to continue it or the customer can. We have about an 85% renewal rate or higher, especially in areas where we currently serve or we have partnerships.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay. And are you able to get like expanding customer base outside of the cities where you actually provide your regulated services?
Susan N. Story: Well, when we have exclusive partnerships, for example, in our homeowner services, we offer it to our existing customers in several of our states -- most of our states. And of course, they know it and we put it on our bill. Where we have exclusive partnerships, specifically New York City and Nashville, and we're able to actually put it on bill with the water bill, we tend to see higher take rates. And renewal -- both take rates and renewal rates.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay. One last quick question on your -- on continuation of the information on the Rex and XTO energy contracts, where exactly do you report them? Is that in the industrial or the commercials?
Susan N. Story: It's actually in our regulated segment and it's in industrial.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay. And how big are these contracts? And what's the scope of increasing your energy exposure?
Susan N. Story: We -- I think, we have reported that last year, I believe, we sold about $3 million -- $3.2 million -- $4 million -- $3.2 million, I think, in revenues last year at the regulated, on the shale.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And this year, it's growing strongly. But from a risk perspective, keep in mind that the capital that we spend and the investments, when it's done on the regulated side, they're automatically rolled into rates. So we are not really taking, what I would call, a capital risk. And the commission likes -- is willing to do that because we're bringing water to areas that don't currently have it. And so they view it as a very positive development -- economic development opportunity for those communities.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions. I'll turn the call back to management.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Okay. Well, I want to thank you, all, again, and I know that you will give Susan and the team the same kind of sharp look, and opportunities that you have over the last 4 years, and I thank you very much.
Susan N. Story: Wait. Before you're off the line, Jeff, given that this is Jeff's last call, I just want to take a few minutes to recognize him. Now Jeff does not know that I'm doing this, so I'm glad that you can't see the look that he's giving me right now, as he sits to my right. I do want to just mention, we have a slide we want to pull up. American Water has achieved some extraordinary things during Jeff's tenure as President and CEO. In terms of financial performance, American Water has grown its market capitalization from less than $4 billion to more than $8 billion without an equity issuance. We strengthened our balance sheet with increases in revenues, net margin and cash flow; we've garnered credit ratings increases from both agencies; we achieved our stretch O&M efficiency ratio goal 2 years early; and both our regulated and market-based businesses have seen impressive growth. In fact, if you have been a shareholder, which you should have, since Jeff joined us back in 2010, you have enjoyed an almost 130% total shareholder return. That has led to a dividend increase year-over-year, and today, we are one of the leaders in dividend growth. Not too shabby for less than 4 years' work. But that's just part of what Jeff has done here at the company. From taking the lead in raising the value of water idea on a national basis to shepherding American Water to become the first U.S. water provider on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index, to creating a culture of continuous improvement. There just aren't many CEOs who have accomplished so much, and especially in such a short time. And he's done it in a way that leaves a lasting legacy for us to continue to build upon. As some of you know, Jeff hates to wear a coat and tie. He's much more comfortable in blue jeans riding horses. So right now, we tip our hats to him. Our leader, our mentor and our friend. And we wish him the best as he rides off to enjoy the new challenges his future brings. And now we're done.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Susan N. Story - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Shivangi Tipnis Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Year-End 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also has a webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website at www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through to the 6th of March 2014, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4662798. The online archive of the webcast will be available through to the 28th of March 2014, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may now begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour, and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. And now I would like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed, and good morning to you all, and appreciate you joining us this morning. Before going into the main topic for our call today, which is to discuss 2013 results, it could be useful to provide you some summary information on the Freedom Industries chemical spill into the Elk River in West Virginia. So let me ask Walter Lynch here, President of Regulated Operations, to provide a brief summary of what happened, how West Virginia American Water responded and the current state of the system. Walter?
Walter J. Lynch: Okay. Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone. As most of you have found this event over the last month, I'm not going to go into the timeline and details of the Freedom Industries spill. I'd rather want to provide you a brief overview, as Jeff said, of how West Virginia American Water responded and where we currently stand. And as you may know, this is a very complex system with over 175 pressure zones, while the average water system has about 2 to 5 different zones. We're extremely proud of how our people responded in a difficult situation. Throughout the period following the Freedom spill where federal and state emergency declarations were in effect, we provided our approximately 95,000 customers or about 300,000 people in 9 counties with water for basic sanitation and fire protection. And this was done while dealing with the impacts of the spill. Being able to provide this critical services our customers was one of the reasons that it was necessary to keep the plant up and running during the event. On January 9, the date of the Freedom Industries chemical spill, we consulted with the West Virginia Bureau for Public Health, and together, reached a joint decision to issue a Do Not Use order for drinking, cooking or washing to our customers in the Kanawha Valley system, again, affecting approximately 95,000 customers or about 300,000 people. During this time, West Virginia American Water also consulted with state and local public health officials and the Centers for Disease Control. This quickly led to an interagency team being formed in West Virginia, comprised of West Virginia American Water employees, National Guard members and representatives from the West Virginia Bureau for Public Health, the Department of Environmental Protection and Kanawha County officials. Now internally in American Water, we formed an event management team to leverage our scale, expertise and resources from around the country. To give an example of some of the things we were able to do, we deployed water tankers and truckloads of bottled water to assist at the bulk water distribution sites. We also secured large quantities of activated charcoal and potassium permanganate for use in the treatment process in addressing the chemical spill and the chemical there at Freedom Industries. We added resources at our 2 national customer service centers, and we gave our West Virginia American Water customers priority service during this time. And were able to get 40 water quality specialists from throughout the American Water, working with our customers to address the water quality questions that our customers in West Virginia had. We conducted extensive and continuous testing of water in the impacted areas, and this included the river's wild water, finished water leading the Kanawha Valley Water Treatment Plant and hundreds of points across our distribution system. Working closely with federal and state health agencies and regulators in this massive sampling and testing program, we were able to lift this "Do Not Use" order in stages over a 5-day period beginning on January 13. As of today, all points of testing throughout the water distribution systems showed that levels of MCHM from the Freedom Industries spill are below 10 parts per billion. Now 10 parts per billion was established by the interagency team as a non-detect level of MCHM in the water distribution system. This was based on the measurement capabilities of the multiple laboratories used during the event. And this is 100x below the 1 part per million standard established by the Center for Disease Control that was used as the basis for the lifting of the "Do Not Use" restriction. We continue sampling water in the distribution system, and since February 14, we've been working laboratories to measure levels down to 2 parts per billion as we help address the remaining odor issues from the Freedom spill. We know that odor has added a customer concern regardless of levels, and we're going to continue to test and flush our distribution system to address this issue. We've also decided to provide our residential customers with a 1,000-gallon credit to allow them to flush their water system without cost. This equates to approximately 10 days of normal water usage for our average residential customer in West Virginia. Additionally, to aid small businesses in this difficult time, we're providing a financial credit equivalent to 2,000 gallons to approximately 5,300 commercial customers. Throughout this event, our primary focus has been and remains the safety of our customers and our employees. We remain fully committed to working with the federal, state and local officials to provide information, address concerns and protect our customers' tap water. I want to thank our West Virginia American Water team. They've worked around the clock since this event began in January 9, and they continue do so because of their dedication and their commitment to our customers. With that, I'll turn it back to Jeff.
Jeffry E. Sterba: The Freedom Industries chemical spill, as you all know, is a serious event, and it placed the water supply to almost 300,000 people at risk. And as Walter said, we're very proud of our folks at the West Virginia American Water and how they responded to help ensure fire protection and basic sanitation, as well as bottled and bulk water for consumption starting the next morning and through the recovery period. This incident should be used as a catalyst for public policy discussion about protecting source waters from contamination from fixed and mobile sites. As a water utility, we take our responsibilities to meet or exceed all regulations very seriously, and we're proud of our record doing such. It is not our role to establish those regulations. That belongs to governmental agencies. But we do hope that constructive engagement can occur on increased tank safety, provision of greater information to water utilities on tank contents and stronger communication linkages between regulators, tank operators and water utilities. As you may know, there's over 100 known contaminants that are regulated and that we protect customers from, and about the same number of what are called emerging contaminants, which are being evaluated and we are actively studying. But there are also about 85,000 unregulated chemicals in the EPA's toxic inventory and hundreds of thousands of other compounds not registered, including ones stored in fixed and mobile tanks like the MCHM and PPH involved in the Freedom Industries chemical spill. Water systems cannot detect, much less protect, customers from all of these. That protection must come from ensuring such leaks, if they ever do occur, cannot enter source water. So with that as a kind of a brief summary, let's turn to our 2013 year-end results. And if you go to Slide 6, you can see that the continued to advance not only our numbers but our strategic growth initiatives, improve our operational efficiency and generate strong financial performance despite cooler, wetter weather across much of our service areas. You can see our operating revenue increased year-over-year to $2.9 billion and our adjusted earnings from continuing operations, excluding a onetime charge of $0.14 per share, was $2.20 per diluted common share compared to $2.11 per share in 2012. If you take into account the weather differences between the states, 2012 earnings were benefited by hot, dry weather that was worth about $0.14 per share, while 2013 earnings per share was adverse due cool and wet weather to the tune of about $0.05. In addition, we reported cash flow from operating activities of almost $900 million compared to about $950 million in 2012. This decrease was primarily driven by some working capital changes, and Susan will cover this in more detail. The adjusted ROE decreased slightly from 8.42% in 2012 to 8.29% due to the weather difference. If the difference in weather is taken into account, as we talked about earlier, the 2013 ROE exceeded the earned 2012 ROE by about 56 basis points. Turning to Slide 7. Let me just speak briefly on how our results compare with the goals that we set out to achieve at the start of the year. On the regulatory front, the company received authorizations from general rate cases for an annualized revenue increase of approximately $41.5 million. We also received about $49 million in additional annualized revenues from infrastructure surcharges in several states. This is the first time that the amount of surcharge revenue has, in fact, exceeded the amount of rate case-related revenue, which ties, as we've talked before, to moving to a much higher percentage of our CapEx being recovered through infrastructure surcharges, looking at something in the 60% range as we move into this year. As of now, we are awaiting final orders in 3 states in response to our request for additional revenues on an annualized basis. Those cases amount to about $58.4 million. On the cost side, we achieved our O&M efficiency ratio goal of under 40% system-wide by 2015, 2 years early, with a ratio of 38.7% for the 12 months ending December 31. The commitment to continuous improvement and process excellence is really becoming ingrained in the fabric of our culture. Just last year, we had more than 400 employees applying new skills in more than 180 specific projects that were completed last year, generating savings of over $10 million annually. And that doesn't include the $12 million of savings coming through supply chain initiatives. In fact, as we've talked about in December, our 5-year plan will generate operating cost savings of over $900 million in the 5 years from 2014 through '18, compared to business as usual. And our goal is to further reduce the O&M efficiency ratio on average across our system to 35% by 2018. Capital expenditures for the year totaled $950 million for needed system improvements to provide reliable service to our customers. We know that as we drive efficiency into our operations, we can enable more of the needed investments in the aging water infrastructure without putting undue burden on the water bills of our customers. Lastly, 2013 was a year marked by growth, as evidenced by adding about 30,000 customers to our regulated customer base through the acquisition of 10 water and 5 wastewater systems. It's also important to note that 20,000 of those customers were obtained through an acquisition of Dale Services Corporation wastewater business, where we already provided water. And as we've talked about, that's one of our key strategies going forward. And we also expanded our Homeowner Services business into 10 more states and launched our service line protection partnership with New York City, as well as announcing partnerships with Houston and Nashville. So as we look to 2014 on the next slide, we are reaffirming our annual earnings guidance that was provided on December 17 to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.45 per share, excluding the impact of the Freedom Industries chemical spill. The impact of that spill through earlier this week, February 26, 2014, is estimated to be $0.02 per share. We remain confident in our ability to deliver on our long-term EPS growth goal of 7% to 10% through the execution of the growth strategies that we discussed in December and continued operational efficiency gains. So with that, let me turn the call over to Susan Story for a more detailed report on our financials.
Susan N. Story: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning to you all. It's a pleasure to be here with you today to review the year-end 2013 results. Jeff has already reviewed many of the key highlights. So I'll just now take a few minutes discuss the drivers of our 2013 results in more detail. Turning to Slide 10. As Jeff mentioned, our 2013 results reflect the wetter, cooler weather conditions in 2013 as contrasted to the hot and dry weather we had in 2012. Despite the unfavorable weather conditions, 2013 was another year of solid financial results, with increasing revenues, as well as continued progress in operating efficiency. For the year ended December 31, 2013, we reported operating revenues of just over $2.9 billion, which is approximately $25 million higher than in 2012. The increase was mainly a result of rate case resolutions and infrastructure mechanisms in place, which allow more timely recovery of capital investment in infrastructure. As we mentioned previously, this was partially offset by decreased consumption, which was significantly driven by the wet, cool weather of the year. This past year, we recorded net income from continuing operations of $369.3 million or diluted earnings per share from continuing operations of $2.06. This compares with net income from continuing operations of a little over $374 million or diluted EPS from continuing operations of $2.11 in 2012. As Jeff mentioned previously, net income for 2013 included a charge recorded in the fourth quarter for the execution of a debt tender offer that we had announced in September of 2013 and that we closed on in October. Excluding this $24.8 million or $0.14 loss per diluted share for the tender, our adjusted EPS for 2013 was $2.20. The main drivers for our growth in 2013 were increased revenues due to rate increases, including the surcharge mechanisms that Jeff described, and lower O&M expenses. These increased revenues were partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization expense and general taxes. For December 31, 2013, we reported cash flow from operating activities of approximately $896 million compared to $956 million in 2012. There are a few reasons for this reduction in cash flow from operations given changes in working capital, which can be viewed in more detail in the 10-K. However, a special note, with the ERP implementation in 2012, we were delayed in executing accounts payable at normal volume, and this was contrasted with the CIS implementation in 2013, which had the opposite effect and resulted in some delayed billing and receivables. This was due to the intentional decision we made to hold and review some billings in order to ensure the accuracy of the new system that we're sending these bills to our customers. We expect our billing operations to be more normal as we progress into 2014. Now let's discuss the different components of our income from continuing operations, starting with revenues on Slide 11. Again, I encourage you to read our 10-K on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. Overall, operating revenues increased $25 million or 0.9% with revenues from our Regulated Business increasing by $29.5 million or 1.1% from 2012. Regulated revenues were lower by approximately $64.5 million, associated with lower demand year-over-year, in large part due to the unseasonably hot weather in 2012 that both Jeff and I talked about. However, revenues increased approximately $72.4 million, primarily from rate increases obtained through rate authorizations awarded for a number of our operating companies. Additionally, surcharge and balancing account increased revenues by another $16.4 million. Revenues were also higher by almost $10 million, $9.9 million, as a result of regulated acquisitions. The most significant was our New York acquisition in the second quarter of 2012, which brought an additional 4 months of revenue in 2013. Additionally, the acquisition of Dale Services by our Virginia subsidiary in the fourth quarter of 2013 also contributed to this increase in revenue. For our Market-Based Businesses, revenues for 2013 decreased by $4.9 million, mainly due to lower revenues of $17.3 million related to the termination of certain municipal and industrial O&M contracts, which mainly occurred in 2012. Most of these contracts were ended as part of our business optimization effort, which we designed specifically to optimize margins in our Contract Operations business. Additionally, revenues from capital project activity associated with military construction decreased $8.4 million compared to the prior year, resulting from delays in project work, which we believe will resume in 2014. These decreases were offset by net increase of $4 million from price redetermination for several of our military contracts, as well as an increase of $16.6 million in our Homeowner Services revenues associated with contract growth mostly in New York City. Parent elimination and other was $4.3 million lower compared to 2012. On Slide 12, totaling operating expense for 2013 increased by about $4.1 million from 2012, roughly flat compared to the prior year. Operation and maintenance expense in the Regulated Business decreased $24.5 million or 2.2%. Within the regulated O&M expense category, customer billing and accounting expenses increased $3.4 million. This increase is primarily due to uncollectible expenses associated with aging of receivables, most of which is due to our CIS implementation and to a lesser extent to rate increases during the year. Operating supplies and services and the other category increased $7.3 million. Operating supplies and services costs increased $4.8 million, mainly due to higher contracted temporary labor costs associated with the stabilizing and leveraging efficiencies for our ERP system that we implemented in 2012. The other expenses, include casualty and liability insurance premium and regulatory costs, which increased $2.5 million, primarily due to higher casualty insurance costs as a result of historical claims experienced and retroactive adjustment. Production expense decreased $3.6 million or 1.3% for the year as a result of lower water production and sales during 2013. Employee-related costs, including salaries and wages, group insurance and pension expense, decreased $16.4 million or 3.5% for 2013 compared with the prior year, primarily due to decreased pension expense. This employee-related cost represent approximately 41.2% of O&M expense for 2013. Maintenance, materials and supplies decreased $15.2 million or 18.8% for the full year 2013. This decrease is mainly attributable to increased preventive maintenance expenses throughout our regulated subsidiaries that we performed in 2012, and we realized a positive impact of those expenditures in 2013. The Market-Based Business decrease in total operating expenses is mainly due to the termination again of those certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts in 2012, as well as the release of the lost contracts reserves of $3.8 million in 2013. In 2013, we also reported a higher consolidated depreciation and amortization expense of $26.2 million and higher general tax, parent and other of $12.8 million. The increase in depreciation and amortization was principally as a result of additional utility plants placed in service, including Phase 1 and Phase 2 of our business transformation projects. You remember Phase 1, our ERP system, was placed into service during the third quarter of 2012. And Phase 2, our CIS or customer information system, as well as our EAM or enterprise asset management system, was placed into service in 2 waves, during the second and fourth quarters of 2013. The increase in general tax expense is primarily due to higher property taxes of $5.2 million, most of which is the result of incremental taxes associated with our New York acquisition. Turning now to Slide 13. To better explain the period-over-period difference in our earnings per share figures, we have the EPS bridge we began showing you last year. As you can see, we normalized our 2012 diluted EPS from continuing operations for weather and the foundation contribution, as we have shown you consistently. Next, we outlined the various financial drivers, which get us to our 2013 year-end number, most of which I've already described in the revenue and expenses discussion. For the 2013 GAAP diluted earnings per share, it's $2.06. We've added back the onetime debt tender impact of $0.14, which brings our adjusted earnings per share to $2.20. Just as we adjusted the 2012 reported EPS of $2.11 to $1.99 to reflect weather impact, we felt that for a weather normal reference, we should now show the 2013 weather impact on our EPS. The midpoint of our 2013 weather impact is approximately $0.05, which we described in both second and third quarters. This is the number we will use for inclusion on our long-term EPS guidance wedge showed on Slide 21 in the appendix. As I mentioned, the other components were discussed earlier, and we will be happy to answer any questions to provide further clarifications if we need to during our question-and-answer session. Slide 14 shows our O&M efficiency ratio. For the full year 2013, we achieved a 38.7% ratio, which is a considerable improvement from the 40.1% ratio we had for the full year 2012. As we shared with many of you at our Investor Day this past December 17, our goal is to achieve a 35% O&M efficiency ratio by 2018. Let me just talk just a moment about the impact of these cost efficiencies. This is demonstrated in our Indiana rate case, which we filed last month. Our filing in Indiana by Indiana American Water reflected a $7 million reduction in O&M expense just from 2010 to 2015. If we had allowed those expenses in 2010 to rise just at inflation, it would have been a 23% increase in O&M or $15.7 million rather than a $7 million reduction. We're very proud of that. The team in Indiana has done a great job, as have been the teams across our entire services. Now let's look at recent regulatory highlights. Slide 15 shows the expanded rate case template that we introduced last year, showing formal rate cases awaiting final order, as well as listing any step increases or DSIC filings, which impacted the quarter or are still pending. As you can see from the chart, we received resolutions in rate cases in Michigan, Kentucky, West Virginia and Pennsylvania in 2013 for an annualized revenue increase of approximately $41.5 million. Additionally, $7.5 million in step increases from prior rate cases became effective in early 2013. Infrastructure charges awarded in 2013 and in January of 2014 totaled $49.2 million and represent the ability to recover capital, which we invest to improve both infrastructure and customer service. As the February 26, 2014, we are awaiting orders for the general rate cases in 3 states, infrastructure charges in 3 states and a step increase in 1 state. Last year, we created a new slide, an updated version of which you can find in the appendix, Slide 22, entitled Regulated Utility, Rate Base and Allowed Return on Excess. Many of you have requested this data showing each of our regulated state's authorized rate base, authorized ROE, authorized equity and the effective date of the rate case. These are historic cases, and we advise you to review the footnotes for a fuller understanding of the particular case in question. While you can never project how any new case will be determined, we hope this will help you understand our current rate environment. And finally, as part of our commitment to shareholder value, on December 13, 2013, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.28 per common share, payable on March 3, 2014, to all shareholders of record as of February 3, 2014, which continued our commitment to an annual dividend payout goal of 50% to 60% of net income while growing dividend at the rate commensurate with earnings per share growth. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thank you much, Susan. On Slide 17, you'll recognize the growth triangle that we introduced at the Analyst Day event at December to give you a sense of the components of our growth and their approximate size. The triangle components, as we discussed then, will change over time, and what you see here is our projected 2014 earnings that achieved our estimated guidance of $2.35 to $2.45 per share, excluding the impact of the Freedom Industries spill. The impact of that spill, as we talked about, is estimated to be about $0.02 per share through February 26 of this year. So this is roughly a 7% to 10% growth rate from 2013 results. We also are reiterating our comfort level with the guided 7% to 10% long-term earnings per share growth rate. As we've done more detail in our planning and progress the way we have, we can see the pathway much more clearly about what where we'll be able to generate that kind of growth, provide better service our customers at an average annual rate increase across all of our states of about or below 2% per year. Slide 18 was also in the Analyst Day presentation and provides the identification of specific things that you can hold us accountable for achieving during the year and that we will report progress on. At this early date in the year, all things listed there are moving forward on schedule. Last, for those of you who may not yet have talked with him let me take the opportunity to introduce Durgesh Chopra, who is now working with Ed in Investor Relations. Durgesh came out of our New Jersey Rates group, and I know he will do a great job working with all of you over the next set of years. And so with that, we'll be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Shivangi Tipnis from Global Hunter Securities.
Shivangi Tipnis: My first question is there was nice growth for your industrial volume in Q4 sequentially, as well as year-over-year. What are the drivers for the industrial volume growth in quarter 4? And do we expect to see kind of the same positive growth even in 2014?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I'm sorry. We're having real trouble hearing your question.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay. So there was a nice growth in your industrial volumes in Q4 sequentially, as well as year-over-year. So what are the drivers for the volume growth in industrial? And do we expect to see the trend ahead in 2014 as well?
Susan N. Story: So if I understand your question correctly, you said the quarter-over-quarter fourth quarter, the growth, what was driving the growth and do we expect to see that to continue, is that what you're asking?
Shivangi Tipnis: Yes, I mean, I'm talking about the industrial volume growth.
Susan N. Story: Yes. So what happened with the industrial volume, I mentioned the customer information system implementation. We held several of the more complex sales, and it impacted industrial and the public sales more than it did commercial and residential. So what we do is if you look at our 10-K, while we looked at billed and unbilled revenue on water volume, we just report billed water volume. So as we were holding bills, we had somewhat of a delay in terms of the amount of industrial volumes that we were able to bill. So that's where you might see a little bit of a disconnect. So we do expect that to normalize through the year. We have gone through those sales that are complex, ensured that the new system was generating accurate bills, and we've released the majority of those. Now we had 2 waves of implementation. The first wave was in May. Those bills, we released those, we're on the normal billing cycle. Our second wave was on October 20. That's when we implemented it. So after the first quarter, we should see more normalization there.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay, okay, that sounds helpful. So my second question is on the O&M side. You did a great job lowering it down some 40.1% to 38.7%, the expense ratio. So I mean, the run rate of 35% is already -- which is expected on 2015, was already achieved. So do we expect to see kind of like a gradual slowdown in the run rate going ahead? Or if you look at the same run rate, then I think we can expect you to achieve the 35% run rate even before 2018? So can you provide some color here?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I guess the way to answer that is we have established the goal of 35% by 2018. We're not driven by that metric so much as by doing the right thing in managing our cost structure. That may enable us to get there earlier, but we certainly wouldn't forecast that at this stage. As you move up the tree collecting fruit, it does become a little more challenged and difficult, but that's why our whole process is around continuous improvement and process excellence and the reason why we are trying to engage as many of our folks as possible so that this becomes self-sustaining. So yes, I think we've had great progress. I think when I came here it was about almost 48%. So we've cut it actually by 10 basis -- 10 percentage points or over 20%, almost 25%. But going forward, we probably won't see it go down at nearly the rate that it has over the last 5 years. But we're still going to stay focused on it. Walter, you've got anything you want to add?
Walter J. Lynch: So we're addressing is, as we know, on multiple fronts. And Jeff, you talked about the yellow belt programs and the savings they're driving there. But we continue to look at our costs. The biggest costs we have are power, chemicals, fuel. And we continue to address those. And one with labor cost. So as you said, we're geared towards 2018 at 35%, and we're working right now to get there.
Shivangi Tipnis: So my next question would be in case you get this 35% quite earlier to 2018, so what would be -- what would you say would be a sustainable ratio? I mean, you would definitely not keep looking at lowering the ratio in terms of cost. So what would be a ratio that makes you happy and you would say, "This is the ratio that I would like to maintain"?
Jeffry E. Sterba: One of the things that you get when you really go through all the data that we, from the management side, look at, you see that there are differences by state. So for example, California has a higher ratio just by operating in California because, well, it's an extended process to operate in California and so every utility that operates there has higher ratios. We happen to be very good in California, and so we have a lower ratio than others. But it's higher than it is in many other states. So a lot of what is the right ratio will depend on where our growth occurs. So if we have -- if we see growth occurring in some states that are -- have higher cost structures because of the way they operate or their regulatory approach, then we think about it in that way. We look at the 35% on the basis of where we expect to see growth but also in the basis of our current business. So I don't think you can say here's the optimal percentage.
Susan N. Story: But Shivangi, I think I get your point though. There is a point at which it's very difficult because remember, when we talk about cost efficiencies, these are long-term efforts to take cost out of the business. These aren't quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year cuts. So as we look at more automation, more innovation, there are levels that you could sustain. But you're right, at some point, you look and say, "Are we doing all we can do?" But then there's usually a step change in something we can do in technology that maybe will help us further, but we don't know what that is.
Shivangi Tipnis: Okay, okay. And maybe my last question, and then I'll get back in line. So the estimated costs that you're expecting out of the Freedom chemical spill would be about $0.02 at this point in time. So I hope, as Walter mentioned, you have been doing a smooth execution, and it was really great. But then are there any headwinds that can still drive the costs ahead? And when we get a clear understanding if it's not just $0.02 and maybe a little more over $0.02?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Susan can maybe give you a little more detail about what's included in the $0.02 in the costs we have incurred so far. Going forward, it's really dependent on how the legal process goes because that's really the thing that will continue for some period of time. And that's really hard to estimates. We think a lot of the claims that have been made are easily dismissible. Other claims will have -- may have to go a little further before we can get free from them. But that's what's probably the biggest unknown is how the legal process will go forward. So for example, we recently filed on some of the claims to have them move into federal court. We won't know whether that's successful for a while because people will try to get them -- may try to get them back into the state court. Those kind of things can help drive what those legal costs will be. So that's why there's uncertainty around that.
Susan N. Story: But you are correct, this is a first quarter event. And when then we look at the charge for the credit that we mentioned earlier, when you look at the extra production costs, the labor, you look at O&M, you look at the cost of the tankers, bottled water, the legal expenses, the $0.02 that we reported reflects the expenses through February 26. So going forward, as Jeff said, we see the predominant being mostly the legal. Now because it's a first quarter event, we will have more information at the first quarter earnings call where we should be able to be a little more specific.
Operator: The next question comes from Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have a couple of easy questions here. So at the Analyst Day, you outlined several wastewater acquisition targets. I just want to get a status update in terms of how that process has fared.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I think we're moving forward on a number of fronts in acquisitions and discussions and negotiations, which obviously we can't talk about who or where they are, both in the wastewater and water arenas. And as we get to a point of any of those being signed, we will obviously let you know. So that's probably about all I could say, Neil, at this stage.
Susan N. Story: Except for, as you know, we really benefit the following year from the acquisitions we made in previous year. We mentioned in our acquisition increase revenue a large part of that was from New York that we had the full year and not just 8 months. So for '14, we'll be benefiting from acquisitions we made in '13.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: All right, fair enough. And as you think about your dividend, you've got a payout that's below your long-term target, and you've got above-average EPS growth. So can you talk through your dividend growth expectations as you look at '14 but then also beyond that?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, yes, Neil, as we've talked about before, we have a series of criteria that have been what we've established as our dividend philosophy, which is the target of 50% to 60% payout ratio and have a growth rate in dividends that's more in line with our earnings growth rates. So we are still -- we are slightly below the 50% to 60%. So in one sense, that gives us some flexibility. And we still believe in the long-term growth rate of 7% to 10%. That's really kind of the guidance that we have relative to dividends. Obviously, we just announced the last one. The next one is, if you follow our track record, is typically the one where we have announced an increase. So we'll let you know what that will be when we announce it.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And in California, the Monterey Peninsula, you've got a couple of big projects out there. Can you give us a status update on those?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Let me ask Walter to do that.
Walter J. Lynch: Okay. First, on the dam, we're working through our timeline of the dam, and we expect to have that torn down and the river rerouted sometime in 2015, according to our schedule. So that's progressing on time. The team has done a great job out there. Also, on the Monterey Peninsula Water Supply Project, we're working through the issues out there, and we're working cooperatively with the municipalities and with the commission. And we're working with the commission to look at the environmental impact report, which we expect now in the first quarter of 2015, and things are going according to plan.
Operator: The next question comes from Mike Gaugler from Brean Capital.
Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Capital LLC, Research Division: Jeff, you spoke about total contaminants, those you test for, those EPA has under consideration and some others. Given that it wouldn't be cost effective to test for all contaminants as a company, has AWK ever attempted or proposed to regulators to expand testing beyond state, federal guidelines to encompass all contaminants in a region within a specific radius of a watershed? On the surface, it would seem possible by scanning MS Data Sheets in the region, and my thought behind the question is that would appear to be a win-win scenario, greater public safety and also an additional avenue for CapEx investment.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Very good question, Mike. Let me raise a couple of points with you. There are -- for example, on the Ohio River, there is, as a result of the, I think it was the Ashland spill back in the '80s, there has been a network of testing. And some of it's automated. Some of it's still not automated. But a network of testing over, I think it was over 200 miles of the Ohio River, where each of the entities plus some federal monitoring that's being done is checking. But now it is not checking all elements. Part of the problem is that even if you have the sheets, every -- what they put in these tanks changes. And so we even once we can get to a point of having the required disclosures of what are in these tanks, then it's also a matter of keeping up with any changes that occur. Today, the -- take the tank in West Virginia. When I was meeting with the governor of West Virginia and also with the former governor who's now the senator, Manchin, one of the things that they said is, "Look, this tank, this is a material that was deemed nonhazardous. They don't even have to tell us what's in that tank." So the first thing we got to do is get more transparency on what the heck is in the tank. Then it's a question of, okay, how, for all of these other compounds, can you develop or can you develop readily testing mechanism. And you also have to establish a standard. So take for example arsenic or mercury. We know those are contaminants, but they're naturally occurring. And so the regulations say you can't have more than x in water. It doesn't say 0 because frankly, you can't -- it's been naturally occurring for thousands of years. But they are concerned about it going above a certain level because there's been epidemiological study to determine what's the level at which it can create harm for people. So the first thing you've got into these 86,000 toxic chemicals and all the others is figure out what the heck a standard is. So I think we are -- there's quite a ways to go, Mike, in -- before we even can think about testing. That's because you don't have a standard and you don't even know what all the compounds are. I agree with your point that there needs to be examination of what other kinds of testing can be done for broad-based contaminants that you know may be upstream, but it's a bit more complicated just because we don't even have standards for most of these chemicals.
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Weisel from Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: I'm filling in for Angie. The only question we have is wondering about the warranty business you have on water pipes given the deep freeze that's winter in so many of your states. Have you seen any increase in the activity in terms of people either requesting to add warranties in protection or in terms of actual claims filed?
Susan N. Story: This is Susan, Andrew. We have -- when we talk about the warranties, we offer water sewer and in-home. We have seen an increase in, in-home, not so much on the water-sewer because they're buried deeper in the ground. But the in-home is such a small part of our warranty business. It may be 6% of the Homeowner Services revenue. So really, yes, we've seen an increased incident in in-home, not necessarily the others, so we have been able to manage through that. And in terms of offering it again, we have a robust disciplined process before we ever bring on a new contract. We have a system of contractors. We have a master contractor who coordinates that. We go out to ensure before we institute a contract that there's not preexisting conditions. We also look for any indication that there could be, if a week later, there's a problem. So yes, we saw an increase in it, and it's one small part of the business. We've been able to manage it, but we have a robust process to ensure that when we do take on new contracts, that they are actuarially sound.
Operator: The next question comes from Heike Doerr from Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Wondering if we could talk about New Jersey and if there's any update on pending CTA decision?
Jeffry E. Sterba: It is still in process. I think New Jersey has had a number of other things occurring that may have taken a little bit of a focus off this. We do continue to expect that it will occur, that we'll get some clarification out of the commission. We don't have control of the timeline. And again, at this stage, Heike, we don't have a good sense. I would hope that it will be in the next 3 months.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And assuming that we would get some kind of a favorable ruling that makes the way that the commission treats this a little bit is more fair, is that something that you would recognize in the next rate case cycle? Or what would be the process once we have a decision?
Jeffry E. Sterba: It will be recognized in the next rate case cycle, absolutely.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Reeder from Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Susan, if I could. Would you, I guess, talk about some of those regulated O&M expenses of the drivers? It sounded like 2 of the increases, there was a lot of unsustainable components to it that we'll see probably drop off in 2014. But more importantly, the 2 accounts that dropped by wider margin and employee-related costs and the maintenance, materials and supplies, how sustainable are those decreases going forward?
Susan N. Story: First of all, in the increase, you're right, the 2 big increase areas were the billing and the uncollectible. And the majority of that was due to the implementation of the new system, which as of '13, we stabilized ERP. We see '14 as the year to stabilize even further CIS and EAM. Also, the other increase, as you noted, that was temporary labor that we used and leveraging efficiencies of ERP. In terms of the decreases, we continue to look at preventative maintenance. We continue in terms of the implementation of automation, for example, across our system, looking at our -- the fastest and smartest technology for communication protocol of ensuring that we can commoditize the purchase of meters. We can tie it into reading pressure flows, et cetera. So in terms of decreases, we're working on all of those. Let me back up a little bit though. Remember the goal, the chart we showed at Investor Day. It's to hold O&M as flat as we can, and in order to offset the increased depreciation and amortization, which was $26.2 million incrementally higher in '13 and '12, and because we're investing, the capital significantly in '14 will also increase, we're having to look at all of the O&M expenses. So if I look at each category, there are certain things we can do in each category, but all of our employees and our teams have the goal of trying to keep O&M flat so that we can have experiences like I described in Indiana in the rate case. And we have the implementation of CIS, EAM. We have not seen the efficiencies yet from that because the implementation was in '13. This year, in '14, we will be looking to leverage those systems the way we are looking to leverage ERP and start seeing some of those over the next 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5 years. So we're just at the beginning of that process.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And so the overall goal was to just hold O&M flat and I guess grow the revenue side, and that's what's going to cause the decrease in the efficiency ratio?
Susan N. Story: Yes.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a point of clarity, the 7% to 10% growth rate, is that now off of the $2.25 weather-adjusted 2013?
Susan N. Story: No, the wedge starts at $1.99, and the wedge will $1.99 for the rest of this year also. And next year and in '16.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got you. Anticipating future questions. I like it. And then lastly, congrats on getting that military base contract. Do you know what the timing might be on the next determination from the military? Is there a few more decisions that we might see in 2014? Or do you have any clarity there?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it's the last question really said it clearly. Do we have any clarity? The answer is no. We never really know when they're going to go forward. We know what are typical schedules, and they seem to be moving forward on the more typical schedule now. And because we've said we have about 6 or so bids that are currently outstanding, we would hope to see 1 or 2 of those come out as decision this year. On Fort Hill, it's an 8-month transition, which is a pretty quick transition. And it has already started, so we'll start to see the revenues from that transaction this year. And we would hope to see a couple more decisions this year. But if I can't tell you, we have intelligence that, that's going to occur.
Operator: The final question comes from Steven Fleishman from Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just on the West Virginia, Jeff, could you give us a sense of do you expect to see additional costs throughout this year from that? Or you're just not sure?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, Steve, I think as Susan said, the lion's share of our system-related costs are a first quarter occurrence. And a lot of that, I think, has already been incurred in January and February in terms of chemicals, overtime, bottled water, tankers, all the things that go along with -- plus the revenue credits that we're providing customers. I think beyond that, beyond the first quarter, frankly, it would largely be legal costs associated with working through the suits that have been filed that name us, working with our customers because we're going to aggressively work to have them not just understand but get comfortable with the water. One of the learnings out of this is -- and it's different than a lot of other chemicals. In this instance, it isn't what is -- how much can someone drink without putting themselves at risk. It really is can they smell it. And so what we're finding is there's so much lower concentration that someone can smell way below 200x, 300x below what's been determined as the acceptable level by the CDC. And that's a different challenge, and that's both in people's homes, as well as within our system. So we're contributed to do flushing, and you have that cost that will push in water, treated water, through systems. But I'd say the lion's share of operating cost impacts, the onetime operating cost impacts, will really just be in the first quarter.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And just any, I mean, any bigger picture kind of thought in terms of highlighting more of the -- obviously, this is not directly related to something with the water system, but just did this kind of refocus on the story you push about needing to replace and upgrade the system that we have overall?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think it absolutely does. I mean, one of the challenges that we had in West Virginia, Steve, when it occurred is, if you'll remember, this was right after the polar vortex, so we had that enormously cold period and then warm. And when happens, you get line breaks. We had a lot of line breaks in our West Virginia system, which is an old system that's under a lot of duress because of the elevation changes within the system. And so pipes -- what we find is the pipes in West Virginia, frankly, don't last as long as they do elsewhere because of the stress that's placed on them. At the same time, our West Virginia customers have higher bills than most of our other systems because of density of population and the -- which is very low, and the cost associated with operating such a complex system. That is probably the most -- well, it is the most complex system we have anywhere in our 30 states, regulated and unregulated. So I think one of the things that does speak to is the costs that can be incurred with aged infrastructure. On the water plant side, our folks have done a great job operating that plant. We're going to continue to look at ways to help improve that plant. One of the issues that's been raised is whether there should be a second intake off another water source. If we look about that across our systems, some 20%, 25% of our systems, water treatment systems only have a single intake. That's something that has to be looked at in the context of what's the cost. So I think what it does is it opens the door for good conversation with all of our regulators about the trade-off between cost and the greater levels of investments, how can we manage that so that we don't push rates up too high. But we recognize that these systems are old, and that's really separate from the issue of how do we protect against the, hopefully, not bad actors like I think we had in this situation but potential contaminants dumped into a river or other water body.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd now like to hand back to the management team. Thank you.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me thank you all for joining us today, and we look forward to talking with you at our next quarterly call. We welcome Durgesh into our -- these quarterly calls, and we look forward to talking to you all down the road. Bye-bye.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Susan N. Story - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations
Analysts: Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is being webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following this earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 14, 2013, by dialing area code (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4643778. The online archive of the webcast will be available through December 6 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2013 Conference Call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour. And at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since the statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statement. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to you all and appreciate you joining us on this call. Susan Story, our Senior VP and Chief Financial Officer, will join me in the brief presentation. And then we, along with Walter Lynch, who as you know, heads our Regulated Operations; and Mark Chesla, our controller, will respond to any questions that you may have. As you've seen from the 10-Q and the press release that we filed last night, while mild weather impacted the quarter, I'm pleased to say that we have had a solid performance to date, with strong cost control, good growth in market-based operations and good acquisition success. So based on that, we are now narrowing the earnings guidance for the year from $2.15 to $2.25 per share, on a diluted basis, to a range of $2.17 to $2.22 per share. For the quarter, we recorded decreases in income from continuing operations and earnings per share as compared to the same quarter in 2012. This was mainly due to decreased regulated business revenues, due to lower customer usage related to weather, in addition to the ongoing usage decline that we see on the residential front, as well as higher depreciation expenses due to additional utility plant in service. And that includes our business transformation, SAP conversion project. In addition, as we mentioned last quarter, as you look on Slide 5, it appears in that slide that our 2013 year-to-date cash flow from operations is lower. But this is due to how our bank overdraft is being treated as a reduction to operating cash flow as opposed to a financing activity. And this is a result of the decision we made last year to internally manage our cash activities. Year-to-date, this change in cash flow classification amounts to about $35 million. So going to Slide 6, let me take a minute to discuss the weather's impact on our business. The same type of weather that impacted our second quarter continued to pressure third quarter regulated revenues. As you can see by this cooling degree days chart from NOAA, which is most of you cover the energy size, so you're very well familiar with this. The country experienced cooler than normal temperatures throughout the third quarter. Now we often talk about our geographical diversity across 16 states and how it helps mitigate things like weather impact. And that was certainly the case this quarter in states like California, where hotter weather caused higher usage. But even with that contribution, we did experience an approximate $0.02 to $0.04 decrease in earnings per share from weather for this quarter, which when you add that to the $0.01 to $0.02 impact last quarter, you've got a total of $0.03 to $0.06 total impact for the first 9 months of the year. Turning to the continued growth of our business, we've had successes that we want to report on briefly in both our core and on our enhanced growth through the quarter. We completed 6 tuck-ins during the quarter, 4 water and 2 wastewater systems. These were in the states of Iowa, Pennsylvania, Illinois and Missouri. And so, for the first 9 months of 2013, these efforts have added approximately 6,500 customers to the regulated footprint, and we've got several Small tuck-ins that are currently pending approvals, and we expect those to close within the next 3 to 6 months or so. Continuing on Slide 7. Relative to the core growth, for the third quarter, our Military Services Group received contract modifications for infrastructure investments in every single one of the 9 military bases that we serve. These are for design and construction of water and wastewater system components to be completed over the next 3 years. And they vary in scale from small water reuse projects at one of the Army Port Places, Fort Sill, that's in Oklahoma, to a complete replacement of the 2 wastewater treatment facilities in Fort Polk in Louisiana. I'll tell you that what we're still -- there are still some things moving, it's the largest amount of awards for modifications that we've received in the military operations since we started that business. On the regulated front, we received a rate case decision in West Virginia that's worth an annualized $8.5 million. And after the quarter ended, about $7.2 million in annualized revenue from infrastructure surcharges became effective in Pennsylvania and Illinois. And also, after the quarter ended, we received a rate authorization in Kentucky for $6.9 million of additional revenues on an annualized basis. So as of today, we're awaiting final rate decisions in 3 pending cases that request the total of $97.4 million in annualized revenues. In one of these cases, Pennsylvania, we have a settlement with the staff, the Office of Consumer Advocate and the Office of Small-business Advocate. This settlement for $26 million plus the $29 million of DSIC revenues that are currently being recovered under DSIC and which will become part of the base revenues under the proposed settlement, that settlement is currently pending regulatory approval with the rates geared to go into effect on January 1. On the enhanced growth side, on October 30, we received approval from the Virginia State Corporation Commission to acquire Dale Services Corp., and we expect that transaction to close later this month. This regulated wastewater acquisition will allow approximately 20,000 customers, most of whom already receive their water service from Virginia American Water. The reason why this transaction, I think, is important is not just its size, but it marks the kind of transactions that we've talked with many of you about, where wastewater is only about 4% of our business. But we -- so at most places where we serve water, someone's providing wastewater, it's just not us. So this is the result of the kind of targeted focused acquisition efforts that we're moving on to expand our wastewater operation. And this transaction also marks our entry into the wastewater service arena in the state of Virginia. Our Homeowner Services business continued to expand its water and sewer line protection programs to homeowners in Florida and Washington DC. In our Service Line Protection Program in New York City, we now have a total of about 1 out of every 7 eligible home owners is enrolled. And most of them, virtually all of them, have opted for both water line and sewer line protection. So far this year, we have added over 250,000 new contracts, for a total of more than 1.2 million contracts nationally. So before turning the call over to Susan, let me just mention, what I think is really a historic initiative that launched in October. American Water and several other leading water industry organizations from both the public and private sector, as well as a couple of other companies, have come together under the name Value of Water Coalition. The coalition's education campaign is aimed at helping to increase the public's understanding and awareness of water services, the value these services provide us and the need to upgrade and maintain this vital infrastructure so that we can continue to rely on it now and for generations to come. This effort marks the first time such a broad coalition of water businesses and non-profit associations has come together in a single voice. And we're doing so because it's critical to address the current state of water infrastructure and the need for significant investment to keep water services at the levels of quality and safety Americans have come to expect. And we're already hearing good feedback from this outreach effort from the regulator, staff and consumers. Let me just also mention that we have been reconfirmed as a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability North American Index, which demonstrates recognition of our ongoing long-term commitment to sustainability. We're the only U.S. water utility on the index, and we're honored to be on it. And with that, let me turn the call over to Susan for more detailed report on our financials.
Susan N. Story: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning to you all. It's a pleasure to be here with you today to review the quarter and the year-to-date results ending September 30. Jeff has already reviewed many of the key highlights. I will now take a few minutes to discuss the drivers of our third quarter results in more detail. Turning to Slide 10. We reported a decrease in our third quarter 2013 income from continuing operations and EPS over the third quarter of 2012. This decrease is mainly attributable to decreased regulated business revenue, due to lower customer usage related to weather, general taxes and higher depreciation expenses, due to additional plants license service, including expenditures related to our SAP implementation. As Jeff mentioned, we had above normal rainfall and below normal temperatures in several of our states in June and July, which was followed by cooler weather in August, which impacted our sales. These related decreases in usage and accompanying revenue, net income and earnings per share, were in stark contrast to the unusually hot and dry weather we saw in the summer of 2012. Our consolidated O&M expenses for the 3 months ended September 30 decreased by $11.5 million, or 3.2% compared to the prior year period. The variance is primarily due to lower O&M costs in our regulated business segment of $7.1 million, mainly due to a reduction in employee-related cost and in our market-based segments of $3.7 million, mainly as a result of a $3.8 million release of contract reserves, due to the resolution of certain outstanding issues and uncertainty. Now let's discuss, on Slide 11, the different components of our income from continuing operations, starting with revenue. I also encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. Overall, our operating revenues decreased $2.6 million or 0.3%, with revenues from our regulated business decreasing by $7.7 million or 1% from 2012. The decrease in revenues associated with a lower demand was approximately $35.2 million. The year-over-year comparison was significant, due to the diametrically opposite weather effects of 2013 contrasted with 2012 that we all spoke of earlier. This demand decrease was partially offset by revenue increases of $18.4 million from rate increases obtained through rate authorizations awarded for a number of our operating companies and increased surcharge and amortization of balancing account of $9.9 million. At a high level, our continued success in earning an adequate and timely return on the capital, we invest in infrastructure, as well as implementing alternative regulatory mechanisms, such as surcharges and balancing account help us to close regulatory lag and particularly, in this quarter, have helped us to mitigate the adverse impact of declining sales due to weather and declining usage. For our market-based businesses. Revenues for the third quarter of 2013 increased by $4.7 million, mainly due to an increase in our Homeowner Services revenues of $5.4 million, resulting from contract growth, most notably in New York City. This increase was offset by lower Contract Operations Group revenues of $900,000, predominantly related to the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts, totaling approximately $2.4 million. These contracts were ended as part of our business optimization effort designed specifically to optimize margins in our contract operation system. Further, these contract terminations were offset by a net increase of $1.7 million from price redetermination from our military contract. You may recall that price redeterminations are periodic adjustments to our monthly service fees for O&M cost, plus the systematic renewal and replacement of aging asset. These are prospects to price adjustment. But because price redeterminations can take many months or even years to finalize, the government makes a one-time payment retroactive to the effective date of that price redetermination period. On Slide 12. Operating expenses for the third quarter of 2013 increased by about $1.1 million from 2012, roughly flat compared with the prior year period. Operation and maintenance expense in the regulated business decreased $7.1 million, mainly as a result of lower production cost and lower employee-related cost, including decreased pension expense and group venture. The market-based business operations decreased, and total operating expenses of $3.7 million is mainly due to the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts in 2012 that I mentioned earlier, and a release of a portion of the loss contracts reserve in the third quarter of 2013. In the third quarter, we also reported a higher consolidated depreciation and amortization expense of $6.5 million, and higher general tax, parent elimination and other expense of $5.4 million. The increase in depreciation and amortization was principally as a result of additional utility plant, place in service, including Phase 1 and Phase 2 of our business transformation SAP project that went into service during the third quarter of 2012 and the second quarter of 2013, respectively. The increase in general tax expense is primarily due to higher property taxes incurred, partially as a result of the inclusion in 2012 of credit adjustment to our Indiana and Missouri property taxes. Turning now to Slide 13. To more clearly explain the period-over-period difference in our earnings per share figures, we have broken these out per category similar to our presentation to you last quarter. As you can see, we have adjusted for the positive $0.06 to $0.08 impact of weather for our 2012 results. Taking the mid-point of this adjustment for the unseasonably hot and dry weather, we have a normalized earnings starting point for the third quarter of 2012, $0.80 per share. From there, we lay out the various elements that explain the difference in our year-over-year earnings per share results. I think these are pretty straightforward, so I'm not going to go through these. But I'll be happy and others will be very happy to provide further clarification during our question-and-answer today if you do have questions. Going to Slide 14, we show our O&M efficiency ratio. For the 12 months ended September 30, we maintained a 40.3% ratio, which is in line with the 40.4% ratio we had last quarter for the 12 months ended June 30 and the earlier annual period shown here. And on Slide 15. As Jeff has already said, we have narrowed our guidance to $2.17 to $2.22 diluted EPS from continuing operations, which reflects our year-to-date performance, and assumes no unusual events that would impact water sales volume for the remainder of the year. This includes the impact of the release of the loss contract reserves in the third quarter of 2013 that I mentioned earlier, but excludes cost of our recent tender offer. Slide 16 outlines some of the actions we have recently taken to increase our financial flexibility and reduce exposure to capital market volatility. To briefly summarize. On September 9, we announced we had increased our revolving credit facility from $1 billion to $1.25 billion under its original term. At the same time, we raised our commercial paper program from $700 million to $1 billion. The higher credit facility, along with the increased commercial paper program and cash from operation, provides to the company's near-term financial liquidity. We also announced through our financing subsidiary, American Water Capital Corp., a cash tender offer for up to $300 million, a 6.085% senior notes due in 2017, which represents the portion of what we have typically referred to as our parent company debt. On October 8, we retired $226 million of these notes, meaningfully reducing our exposure to the capital markets in 2017. Also, as a result of the retirement of this debt and based upon our current commercial paper borrowing rate, we would expect to have a pretax interest expense savings of $13 million in 2014. On November 1, we issued a notice of redemption of security with 8.25% and 10% coupon aggregating to approximately $150 million. These notes will be retired on December 1. Additionally, we have debt maturity of $101 million on December 21. We're really pleased with the results of our ongoing debt management program. And from time-to-time and as market condition warrant, we may engage in additional long-term debt retirement via tender offers, open market repurchases or other viable transactions. Turning now to Slide 17. And just mentioned several of these, I'll just go back through some of the highlights. A number of our rates-related regulatory activities occurred during the third quarter of 2013. On July 1, 2013, additional annualized revenue of $3.7 million and $4.0 million, resulting from infrastructure charges in our Pennsylvania and New Jersey subsidiaries respectively became effective. Also, on July 1, 2013, we filed an update to our proposed application in California that was originally filed on May 1 of this year, requesting $33.5 million of additional annualized revenue, which includes increases in 2016 and 2017 of $8.3 million and $6.7 million respectively. On October 9, California Americans filed an update to the final general rate case application adjusting the request to $32.4 million. On July 9, 2013, our West Virginia subsidiary entered into a joint stipulation for their water and wastewater general rate case that was filed on December 14, 2012. On September 26, 2013, a final order consistent with the stipulation agreement was approved and provides for additional annualized revenue of $8.5 million effective October 11, 2013. On August 30, 2013, our Missouri subsidiary filed for an infrastructure surcharge amounting to $2.4 million in additional annualized revenue. The surcharge is expected to be approved and would become effective in the fourth quarter of this year. On September 16, 2013, our Pennsylvania subsidiary, as Jeff said, reached a settlement in principle for its general rate case filed on April 30 of this year with the PUC staff, the office of the Consumer Advocate and the Office of Small Business Advocate. The settlement agreement, if approved, will provide $26 million in additional annualized base rate revenue effective January 1, 2015. And as mentioned previously, this is in addition to the $29 million of DSIC revenues, currently being recovered, which will become part of base revenue. This agreement is pending regulatory approval. Turning now to developments, which have occurred following the end of the third quarter. On October 1, 2013, additional annualized revenue of $6.7 million and $500,000 resulting from infrastructure filings in our Pennsylvania and Illinois subsidiaries, respectively, became effective. Also, on October 1, our Indiana subsidiary submitted an infrastructure charge filing to increase revenue by an additional $4.4 million on an annualized basis. On October 4, 2013, our Tennessee subsidiary filed 4 alternative mechanisms requesting to increase revenues on an annualized basis of $500,000. These alternative rate mechanisms were filed in compliance with Tennessee House Bill 191, that was signed into law in April of this year. Finally, on October 25, a final order was received for new annualized revenue of $6.9 million for our Kentucky American subsidiaries. So in summary, we've had a lot of regulatory activity in the third quarter, and we are currently awaiting $97.4 million in requested additional revenues in Pennsylvania, Iowa and California from formal rate cases we filed this year. Last quarter, we created a new slide, which you can find in the appendix, Slide 25, entitled "Regulated Utilities - Rate Base and Allowed Return on Equity," which shows detail regulatory information for our 10 largest state. Many of you had requested this data showing each of our regulated businesses, authorized rate base, authorized ROE, authorized equity and the effective date of the rate case that we use. These are historic cases, and we advice you to review the footnote for a fuller understanding of the particular case in question. While, you can never project how any new case will be determined, we hope this will help you understand better our rate environment. Finally, as a part of our commitment to shareholder value, on October 27, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.28 common share, payable on December 2, 2013, to all shareholders of record as of November 15, 2013, which continues our commitment to an annual dividend payout goal of 50% to 60% of net income. And now I'll turn the call back to Jeff for his closing comments and your questions.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Susan. If you go to Slide 19, this is the slide on expectations for the year that you've seen we use every quarter. We've really already spoken about the progress on each of these efforts, which will anchor our long-term earnings per share growth of 7% to 10%. Let me just expand on one item that Susan briefly talked about and that is our business transformation effort. In October, the last phase of this effort went live. This has been a 4.5-year project to install SAP platform systems as we've talked about before. I've got to tell you, while these kinds of conversions, and this is the third one I've been through. They're never pretty. There is always impact on productivity. So they talk about averages of 30% to 40%. We certainly haven't incurred that kind of a loss of productivity. But they're -- so they're messy, but I am just really tickled and pleased with how well it has gone. And when you step up and look at it from the broad perspective, we implemented new financial systems, new supply chain systems, new customer service systems, and new asset management systems, and it has gone quite well. So kind of hats off to all of our folks because its impacted every single one of our employees. Before we open the call for questions, I want to remind everyone that we are hosting our 2013 Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday, December 17. To confirm your interest in attending, please call the Investor Relations phone number you see in this slide. We certainly hope that you'll be able to join us that afternoon and we'll talk about the future in that session. So with that, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from the line of Neil Mehta of Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Congratulations on being able to give guidance despite this unfavorable weather here. I guess that's my question here is in the sense of that the big part of the reason you able to maintain the guidance was cost management. How sustainable are those cost cuts? Or were you just put them on the expenses this year to kind of offset the weather?
Jeffry E. Sterba: No, Neil, as we've talked about before, our whole focus in cost management is around driving excellence through business process and continuous improvement. So the things that we're doing, they're not one-offs, they're not slash and burns, they're not -- they're not just headcount reductions, they're geared around changing, what we supposed as the 3 questions. Is what we're doing adding value? If not, stop doing it. If it does add value, is it being done through an efficient process? If not, let's change the process. And once it's being done through an efficient process, what's the error rate and how do we reduce the errors to 0? That helps create a systematic approach to the way in which we think about our cost and cost drivers. And one other thing, and Walter may want to make a few comments about it, that we're still working on is this integration across all of our states to take the best practices that we find one place and move them into in a standardized way across the other states.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, thanks, Jeff. This is Walter. Yes, we are, as Jeff said, taking best practices because we're doing things wonderfully in many parts of our company and we are expanding that across our entire footprint and reg operations and throughout the entire business because we can learn back and forth [ph] in the market-based businesses to regulated operation. One of the other things, too, is the continuous improvement culture, really focused on driving improvements long-term. And we have a lien leader program. We have more than 100 people throughout our company looking at ways to improve our processes and looking at ways that we can reduce errors. That's contributing significantly now and will contribute significantly in the future, as we root out errors and we become more efficient.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And Neil, just one other thing, while that's the -- that's our baseline and we believe that provides us a great deal of ability to minimize operational cost increases and add more capital to the base, and that's the basis for rate increases. As we implement SAP, just as the end of last year, we had some additional expenses incurred because of that recovery and that reduced productivity, we'll see some of that, and we have seen some of that this year. You don't necessarily see it because we are even doing a better job and reducing our other costs. So net, we're still down. But we will see those kinds of things and will make sure that we pay attention to it.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Perfect. And then another question is around dividend growth strategy. Obviously, a double-digit dividend step up this year. How do you think about the pace of dividend growth from here and where you want to be relative to that 50% to 60% payout ratio?
Susan N. Story: Yes, Neil, this is Susan. As we said before, we have 2 guiding principles. One is that we correlate the growth of our dividend, along with our EPS growth. And we've been very transparent about that, and we have a target of staying between 50% and 60% payout. And as you know, we're on the low end of that so we have headwind.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then final question on the California project in Monterey. Can you provide an update of where you stand there?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, I'll ask Walter to add a few things. Let me put a few on the table. Frankly, things are moving well. It's always -- this is a project that will cause rates to increase in a double-digit fashion. So it's under a lot of scrutiny. The -- it's obviously a water constrained area, particularly in Monterey. But this project is, in fact, moving forward quite well. We would expect that the mission recommended decision by August next year.
Walter J. Lynch: August 2014, right, Jeff. And there's -- along the way, obviously, there are lot of things and have to occur for that to happen. But there's an informal hearing scheduled for early December. And we've come to settlements with a number of parties out in the Monterey area. And during those hearings is when everyone will be able to put their case forward. But we feel confident that we're working cooperatively with the people in Monterey to get the right solution.
Jeffry E. Sterba: 2 other things. We're in the bid process right now for the constructor for that project. And so that is going along quite well. And the testing, the initial results of testing relative to the upper, have been very promising. So the pins that kind of stand in the way are getting knocked down. We still have a few to go.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jonathan Reeder of Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Following up on Neil's question just a bit. So should we interpret the guidance revision or narrowing today as implying that results would have been in the upper half of the original range had it not been happen for the weather impact?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, you could probably look at it that way. I mean, we said that weather is worth $0.03 to $0.06 a share, and we narrowed it to basically the mid-point of the range.
Susan N. Story: What we prefer to say that we have -- we're closer to the end of the year, have a little more look into where we'd end up. And so we're good with the range.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But essentially, what's keeping you in the mid-point of the range isn't unsustainable stuff?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, no.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Like you mentioned before, right?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Right. When, I think, Jonathan, about some of the things we have gotten done this year, and both on the cost control efforts, the growth in the market-based business and the success we're having on the tuck-in and acquisitions side, those are going along exceptionally well.
Susan N. Story: Yes, and to add to that, Jonathan, and Walter and Jeff talked about this. The BT implementation, the SAP implementation. As Jeff mentioned, we actually had, and we've shown this through the year, disclosed in the Q. We've actually had increased costs in the contract services because we've had to backfill a lot of positions to get the ERP system working to a level that we want it to work to get to the point where it could generate the data and we could do more value added analytics. That will go away next year. And as they both mentioned in addition to the process improvements, the ability to have an integrated system throughout our company, we're just now starting to look at some of the efficiencies and enhancements we can make as a result of that implementation.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So when we look at cost next year, I mean, from I guess the OEM efficiency ratio standpoint, but just an absolute basis with those implementation costs following off, I mean, where do you expect to be? Is it flat? Is it still modestly up?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I assume -- I trust that you'll be with us in December 17, and we'll talk about that.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: How did I know that answer was coming. Okay, quickly, just going to the military services group and the contract modifications. It sounds like they're kind of meaningful, something that's going to provide a boost in '14, maybe in '15 results. Is that accurate? And then does that kind of cause a headwind potentially in 2016 or so, if you don't get similar sized contracts moving forward?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I guess, 2 things. You're right about the timing. Most of these projects are 2 -- 1 to 2 and occasionally, 3 years. So for example, the major rebuild on the wastewater system at one of the installations, that could slip beyond 2 years. So -- but we always are hoping and looking and working with our customers on the basis. So what will occur in the next years. But the other piece is, as we said before, there are a number of military installations that are out for bid today. Now we don't go after every single military installation. We go after the ones where we believe we truly can add value, and that value can be recognized through the size of the contract. Because we've got quite a lot going on in that area. We want to make sure that the ones we take on, we can truly excel at. And we have a number of those out in the bids stage today with awards that could happen as early as, let's say, early, first of next year through 2014. So what we look to is to be able to expand the base of business with through the addition of new basis to the portfolio and that this additional modification capital is really supplemental to the fundamentals that we have within the business.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So any kind of falling off from the contract modifications you think would be replaced by a larger just number of basis operated and everything?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. And probably more than offset.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then last question on the parent debt balance. The -- what is it, I guess, it's not associated with subsidiary rate base? Where are you going to be at year-end? And how does that compare to where you were, say, at Q2 before taking some of these actions?
Susan N. Story: Right. Well, Jonathan, if you remember, it was about $1.2 billion, which we reported $750 million matured -- matures in '17 and another $450 million matures in '18. What we did was take out $226 million of the $750 million that was set to mature in 2017.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then you said later in the quarter by year-end, you're going to take out some more. Is that correct?
Susan N. Story: Well, what we -- not necessarily of that parent company debt. What I mentioned is that we have -- we issued redemption notices on November 1, last Friday, for about $149.8 million, $150 million of bonds that are -- debt to have coupon rates of 8.25% and 10%. So that's going to be a nice pickup. And we have maturing debt of about $101 million by December 21.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you will be refinancing that, not taking it out?
Susan N. Story: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Cole of Credit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess with homeowner services becoming increasingly important and a bigger part of your business, can you talk a little bit about the risk profile of the business? Meaning, are you wearing the event risk or are you simply offering a product that is wrapped by like a third-party insurer? And then do your policies cover like systematic or any catastrophic events that could impact a large number of your customers at once?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Good questions, Kevin. A couple of things. No, we do not use third-party reinsurance. We have basically self insure. But most of these are capped. So there's a cap on the total amount that we are exposed to. So we will do the repair or replacement up to x dollars. So that's the way that we manage the ultimate exposure. But really, the math -- the primary exposure is our contractor management process, which is a very thorough vetting of both what's done, how it's done, the oversight of that and who's doing it. So we don't have unlimited exposure for situations. We also obviously will look at -- we price differently in different areas. So this isn't a uniform price across the United States. And that's because systems are different. Their age is different. The soil chemistry will be different. So they'll have different risk patterns. That gets taken into account, as well as the cost of repairs, gets taken into account in that pricing strategy. And are there limitations on the coverage? Absolutely, and then they run from things like you have to have been a customer for usually a 30 days, sometimes it's longer than that before any claim can be processed, and that's to help ensure that we don't have somebody who realizes they have leak and try to pick insurance for it. I'm sorry, I didn't use that word. Warrants for it. And then it also goes to certain limitations relative to acts of God and things of that nature. So we protect ourselves in a variety of different ways relative to what that exposure can be.
Susan N. Story: And added to what Jeff said, we have a robust system where we evaluate frequency and severity of each of the events, and we look at where those events are, we look at severity. In fact, this year we disclosed in an earlier Q at the end of the first quarter, that we had a spike in severity. So we started managing looking at where that was, evaluating contractors. And we were actually able to remedy that and in fact to its historic rate. So we have a, I think, a really strong system around managing those risks by looking at what's happening, where it's happening, and to Jeff's point, how we price it.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Some of you have met Sharon Cameron who runs our market base business but she came out of homeowner services and was instrumental in its start-up and bringing it to this level. And she'll be with us at the December 17 meeting. So you get a chance to visit with her.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just on clear on the final part of what you said. So you do not insure against like act of God, right, like hurricanes, earthquakes and large-scale events like that?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, there's always definitions about what's included and which kind of thing. But -- the answer to that is generally yes.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Do you have like a notional like value at risk measurement that we could follow?
Jeffry E. Sterba: That's a good question. We do not put one forward. But you know what, Kevin, I -- that's something we want to think about. Because there are things that we look at but we do not make those available. And part of it is the business side. But we want to think about that. Good job.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Heike Doerr of Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It should come as no surprise, but I would like to talk about regulatory strategy. If I look the last 2 years, the amount of rate awards you've gotten in total has been 100 to 120 of rate cases separate from the surcharges. Even if we assume that the Pennsylvania settlement is completed, we're looking at a total amount of rate increases awarded of only about 1/3 of that. I'm wondering, is this just an off year? Are we looking at the new normal? How should we think about your rate case cycle and how you manage rate increases versus infrastructure surcharge increases?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Good question, Heike. And let me pose it, I guess, in 3 ways. Remember, if I go back 3, 4 years ago, the amount that we were generating from automatic adjustment clauses was about 13% of the capital investment every year. And that was a lower level of capital investment that we're at today. And today, it's about 40% of all invested capital is coming back through those mechanisms. So the importance of those mechanisms has, and this has been very targeted and strategic, has increased relative to the total amount of rate relief, if you will. So the second one is, we went through a period of rate case catch-up, as we've talked about before. And we're largely out of that today. And our focus is in moving the rate cases that we do file through a much higher percentage of capital cost recovery rather than operating cost recovery. So you'll remember the slides that Susan used that would show, if you go back through 2008 through 2010, the, I think it was 56% of recovery was really our operating cost and only about 44% was capital cost, whereas now it's about 94% is capital cost. So I guess the point there would be, I'm not sure it's effective to look just at the dollars of rate recovery, it's what's driving those dollars. Is it capital or is it operating cost? And also then, what are the other ways in which that revenue is being picked up? Because one of the things we're very focused on is to ensure we can drive efficiency in our business to minimize the rate of rate increase while getting the capital investment that needs to be made on the ground.
Susan N. Story: Right. And remember, if most of your the rate case is capital, as a more of that you can actually recover through surcharges, then you can extend out your general rate cases. And again, not to be another advertisement, but on December 17, we'll give a look into that we think can be recovered next year.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. And kind of as a follow-up question, we used to think of you as loosely on a 2-year rate case cycle for most states outside of California. Has that strategy been revisited now? Or if we're really capital focused on rate increases, does a 2-year cycle still makes sense?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it's not just -- it also involves what's the DSIC treatment in that state, et cetera. So I think you will see slightly longer because we really were on more on 18 to 24 months. You will, see slightly longer periods. In some states, it may go to 3 years. In other states, it will be 2.5. Some states will still -- will have -- may stay in a 2-year range because we don't have those kinds of cost recovery mechanisms, or we also have an issue of it's not a future test years state, we've got declining usage. So it'll vary by state. But I think that drumbeat of 18 to 24 months is broken. That's not our future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Steven Fleishman of Wolfe Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Just a little more color on the military business and the Homeowner Services. Relative to your plan for this year, could you give us some answer how they're coming through? Are they kind of on plan, ahead of plan? Just a little color there would be helpful.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I think Homeowner Services has done better than we really expected in terms of the rate of subscriptions in the New York area. It's just -- we really didn't expect that it would be as well-received as it has been. And I think part of that is because of the strength of the partnership with New York City and the administration that it has been -- they've done a lot to help promote it. And then picking up Nashville, which is another opportunity for our 175,000 customers. We're pleased with the way Homeowner Services has come along and their strong performance. On the military side, I tell you, the folks that we have that run that business do a very, very strong job on behalf of their customers, the military. And both in terms of holding cost down and also in terms of quality of performance and bringing home enough of a return that we say this is a good business to be in. I would say that the issues of federal budgets, sequestration, to some extent, and then the stand down for a while does -- did impact some timing issues. And so for example, there's an award we thought may have already -- originally it would have been made by now, it's delayed a bit. And it's got nothing to do with policy. It's all got to do with people being able to be at the office and do the things necessary to issue awards. So it has that side maybe has moved a little slower, but it really hasn't impacted the performance of our overall business. And as I said, the mods that we received recognize that these basis are old and they need capital investment, and we're going to be there to provide it. So we're pleased with the kind of awards that we received in that regard. So both of those business lines have had a very good year so far.
Susan N. Story: And to add to that, Steve, after the first quarter, we talked about that some of the capital projects were delayed. There still will be a certain amount of those that will roll over into 2014. We have made up some of the ground. But we feel, our folks in that area feel like that which won't get done this year will all roll over into 2014.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. One other question. We saw, over the last, I think, few weeks, an Illinois law that might support more privatization of distressed water companies and then Indiana might be looking one. Can you talk more about, is that something that you're seeing it could be significant for you or more marginal?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Steve, one of the things that we've got built into our strategy, and we will talk a little bit about this in December, but it is -- we've got our key strategic objectives and metrics associated with it. But we have enablers. And it's the enablers that we strategically focus on. Because without those enablers, that objective is really interesting, but you can't get there. So for example, having legislation passed that allows the -- a premium to be paid on the troubled system in order to get that under good control and under the state's oversight is one of the enablers. Another enabler is the law that we've got passed in Pennsylvania that was geared around being able to roll wastewater rate basis into overall rates to be able -- so that the repair work that you have to do with a newly-acquired wastewater system doesn't cause such rate shock by 100% rate increase just on the few customers that are served by that wastewater system. Or the legislation that we got past this year down in Tennessee, which opens the door for, frankly, the filing that we just made requesting a number of different elements of cost recovery and capital recovery. So these enablers are very targeted. We look at each state. We have -- so we have general theorems about what we want to get done but what you need to do in each state will be different. And in some states, we may not make it the first time, so we go back. Or we work with the commission and find out that the commission understands it, they may not be willing to do it, unless the legislator speaks, okay? So we go work with a legislator. So it's a very specific plans around those items, and they're all gear to open up the pathways for what we believe can be that continued strong growth, not only of our business, but of, frankly, better service to customers.
Operator: And Mr. Sterba, there are no further questions at this time. Please continue.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, thank you all very much for joining us today. Have a great rest of the week. And for those of you that we see in December, we look forward to talking then. And if you have any questions, you all obviously know who to give a call to, Ed, if anything comes up in between. Take care.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call for today. Again, we thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Susan N. Story - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 15, 2013, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4628550. The online archive of the webcast will be available through September 6, 2013 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for today's call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to again remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. And such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to you, all, and I appreciate you joining us today. Before Susan Story, our CFO, goes through our financial performance in detail, let me just set upon some highlights. As you've probably seen from yesterday's press release, our year-over-year second quarter results were influenced by the above average rainfall and cooler temperatures we've been experiencing versus the record-breaking drought and heat that was seen and felt in the second quarter of 2012. As you can see on Slide 5, this caused the decrease in revenues and earnings per share as compared to the same quarter in 2012. Other items that impacted the quarter-over-quarter comparison include higher depreciation expense, which Susan will touch on; and a retroactive regulatory adjustment that occurred in the second quarter of last year. In addition, looking at Slide 5, it appears that our 2013 year-to-date cash flow from operations is lower than the first half of last year, but this is really due to how our bank overdraft is now being treated as a reduction to operating cash flow as opposed to a financing activity. This is a result of a conscious decision last year to internally manage cash activities as part of our continuous improvement efforts. Year-to-date, this change in cash flow classification amounts to about $35 million. Now obviously, the weather has a significant impact on our business. Our quarterly results really reflect a tale of 2 springs. Much of the country experienced above average rainfall and cooler temperatures in the second quarter of 2013, in sharp contrast to the same quarter in 2012 when much of the country was experiencing record-breaking drought and heat. As if you look on Slide 6 at the precipitation charge, which by the way come from NOAA, the same large swath of the northeast and midwest that experienced severely dry weather in the second quarter of 2012 had either normal, or as is the case with the better part of the northeast, much wetter than normal and even a record wet weather this April to June. So clearly, this has an impact on customer usage. However, due to our geographic diversity across 16 states, that impact was somewhat mitigated by increased water consumption in other states. Nonetheless, we do attribute approximately $0.01 to $0.02 decrease in earnings per share from weather when compared -- which when you compare that to the $0.06 to $0.09 increase in earnings per share we attributed to weather during the second quarter of '12, that results in a total $0.07 to $0.11 impact of weather when you compare second quarter last year to second quarter of 2013. Now turning to the continued growth of our business. We introduced Slide 7 to you last quarter to illustrate our growth drivers. We have core growth, which includes efforts to reduce regulatory lag and achieve appropriate returns on capital investment, as well as the tuck-in acquisitions that we make and the continued improvement of our regulated O&M efficiency ratio, as well as the execution in our current military contracts in the Homeowner Services business. Enhanced growth includes larger acquisitions, new expansion into the military business, as well as expanding into new territories and providing new services in our Homeowner Services business, providing products and services that are new in the municipal and industrial space, as well as continued expansion of the shale gas opportunity that we see in certain territories. Combined, these are the opportunities that we are confident will deliver 7% to 10% long-term earnings per share growth goal. On the core growth side, during the quarter, we completed our wastewater tuck-in at Koppel Boro, tuck-in in Pennsylvania, which has got about 400 customers and received regulatory approval on the water acquisition of Whitwell Tennessee, that's about 2,800 customers. And in July, we received regulatory approval for the Pratt, West Virginia water system acquisition of about 450 customers. Those last 2 we expect will close later this year. We also made progress on regulatory approval of our pending acquisition of Tri State Utility, which provides water service to about 3,500 customers in the growing branch of Missouri area. On the regulatory front, as you know, we filed rate cases in California, Iowa and Pennsylvania for a total of about $98 million in annualized revenue. While the final rate authorizations have not yet been received, we reached a settlement agreement in West Virginia for an $8.5 million increase in revenues. That's sitting before the regulatory for approval. And we implemented interim rate increases in Kentucky for the full $12.3 million, just at the end of July; and in Iowa for $2.7 million of that request. We've also received a total of $16 million in additional annualized revenues from infrastructure surcharges that become effective in Pennsylvania, Missouri and New Jersey in the April through July period. On enhanced growth, in May, we announced an agreement to acquire Dale Services Corporation. This is one of the larger acquisition, that's a medium-size wastewater utility that serves 20,000 customers. We expect that transaction to close late this year. On the Homeowner Services front, recall that the name of that -- of the company, our subsidiary, it's American Water Resources. It announced a nonexclusive partnership with the city of Houston to offer water and sewer line protection programs to more than 550 homeowners. And last month, American Water Resources was notified by the city of Nashville the intent to award the company an exclusive partnership to provide these protection programs to approximately 176,000 eligible homeowners. That's very similar to what we've done in New York, the program that we launched earlier this year. And just as an update on the service line protection in New York, recall that's being offered in partnership with the city's Department of Environmental Protection. We've seen just really good growth in that program. We've now got close to 100,000 customers enrolled. So that's a penetration rate of getting close to 20%. And nearly all of the customers are opting for both water and sewer line contracts. Moving to Slide 8, we've made some significant progress in 2 large projects in our California subsidiary since our last call that I want to raise to your attention. Last week, California American Water reached formal settlements with a number of parties, including major environmental stakeholders, in our plans is to bring a stable water supply to the Monterey Peninsula. These settlements recognize the value of the portfolio approach to the water supply challenge that's presented in that area, which includes an offer for storage and recovery, groundwater replenishment and a desalination plant. The range of capital investment that's reflected on the slide reflects the ultimate sizing of the desal plant and whether groundwater replenishment moves forward, as well as contingencies on the capital cost estimates. The next step is a prehearing on the settlement which happens in a couple of weeks. And then going forward with the PUC approval, which we would not expect until towards the end of the summer next year. But we're very pleased to have this moving forward and real progress being made on this very critical project for the Monterey Peninsula area. In addition, in June, we broke ground on our landmark San Clemente dam removal and Carmel River reroute projects. And if you think that's not a mouthful for a project name, they were challenged on how many words they could fit in. This will be a 3-year construction project and is the largest dam removal project ever to occur in California. That's something we're really pleased to be involved in. It includes an innovative engineering approach of rerouting the river around accumulated sediment to restore to its natural state. Removing the seismically unfit dam will provide many benefits to the region and its residents. First and foremost, it obviously removes a public safety risks posed by the potential collapse of the dam in the event of a large flood or earthquake, but it also aids in the recovery of threatened South Central California coast steelhead -- and as a fly fisherman that's something I'm particularly -- care about. By restoring the natural sediment flow and providing an unimpaired access to over 25 miles of essential spawning and rearing habitat. The neat thing about this, is it's it really is an innovative partnership between our company, state and federal governments and NGOs. Our hats and thanks go out to the California State Cultural Conservancy, the National Marine Fishery Services, the Planning and Conservation League, the Nature Conservancy and a number of others that we've worked with. We're grateful to our partners in this effort and pleased to see it moving forward. Between these 2 California projects, we will invest around $200 million or more over the next 3 to 5 years. Now turning to Slide 9. Combining our performance in it the second quarter with the strong results of the first quarter, we are reaffirming our 2013 earnings guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25 per diluted share for continuing operations. This represents an 8% to 13% increase over the weather-normalized earnings per share for 2012 at about $1.99. And with that, let me turn the call over to Susan for more detail on our finance.
Susan N. Story: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning to you, all. It's a pleasure to be with you here today to review the quarter and year-to-date results ending June 30. Jeff has already reviewed some of the key highlights. I will now take a few minutes to discuss the drivers of our results for the second quarter in greater detail. Turning to Slide 11. As Jeff mentioned, our second quarter results reflect the impact from unusually cool wet spring weather with related decreases in revenue, net income and earnings per share. During the second quarter, we reported operating revenues of approximately $724 million compared with $746 million reported for the second quarter of last year. Looking back at the exceptionally hot, dry spring we experienced in 2012 versus the weather in spring 2013, and so far this summer, this year-over-year impact on demand is not surprising. Also impacting this quarter's results versus last year's corresponding quarter was a significant onetime retroactive adjustment due to the California rate case effective in June 2012. Additionally, this past quarter, we experienced increased depreciation expenses due to additional utility plant placement service, including approximately $3.3 million in expenses related to the implementation of our business transformation project. Lastly, the decrease in revenues is also attributable to a decrease in market-based operations, primarily due to the termination of certain municipal and industrial O&M contracts, as result of our ongoing business portfolio optimization efforts. Our consolidated O&M expenses for the 3 months ended June 30 were roughly flat, decreasing $300,000 or 1.3% over the same period last year. Now let's discuss, on Slide 12, the different components of our income from continuing operations starting with revenues. I also encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. Overall, operating revenues decreased $21.3 million with revenues from our regulated business decreasing $19.7 million or 3% from 2012. The decrease in revenue associated with a lower demand was approximately $31 million. The year-over-year comparison obviously impacted predominantly by the weather effects, which we spoke of earlier. This demand decrease was partially offset by revenue increases of $15.8 million from rate increases obtained through rate authorizations awarded for a number of our operating companies and additional revenues associated with acquisitions of $2.2 million. Additionally, as I mentioned earlier, in the second quarter of 2012, we benefited from a retroactive adjustment totaling $7.2 million as a result of a California rate case. For our market-based businesses, revenues for the second quarter of 2013 decreased by approximately $2 million. The net decreased in revenues is primarily attributable to lower contract operations group revenues of $5.1 million. These decreases are predominantly related to the termination of certain municipal and industrial operations and maintenance contracts, which amount to around $6.9 million for the 3-month period. These contracts were ended as a part of our business optimization efforts, designed specifically to optimize margins in our Contract Operation business. Additionally, revenues from capital project activities associated with military construction decreased $900,000 for the 3-month period due to lower levels of work as compared to the prior year. As we mentioned last quarter, when the military construction revenues were more significantly impacted, the majority of this work should take place later in the year and we have every reason to believe that these projects will be completed as they already been awarded and approved for construction. Also contributing to the decreases were lower revenues in our residual operations group of $1 million for the 3 months ended June 30, 2013 compared to the same period in 2012 due to lower levels of work performed. These decreases were offset, however, by a $2.3 million increase due to price redeterminations for 3 of our military contracts, as well as increases of $4.5 million for the 3 months ended June 30, 2013 in our Homeowner Services revenues associated with those customer and contract growth, most notably in New York City. On Slide 13, total operating expenses for the second quarter of 2013 increased by about $7.4 million or 1.6% from 2012. Operation and maintenance expense in the regulated business increased $2.3 million or about 8/10 of 1%, roughly flat compared with the prior year period. Production expense decreased approximately 3.4% for the 3 months ending June 30, as a result of the lower production and sales during the quarter. Operating supplies and services increased $8.6 million or 18.3%. It's important to note, this is primarily due to higher contracted services, resulting from about $6.2 million of incremental temporary labor costs related to the continued maturing of the ERP process implementation related to Phase I of our business transformation project. These enhancements are necessary for ongoing and future efficiency improvements resulting from our new SAP system. Also contributing to increases and operating supplies and services in the second quarter of 2013 were operating costs associated with the New York acquisition. Partially offsetting these increases were lower transportation expenses due to a reduction in leased vehicle costs. Maintenance materials and supplies decreased $1.8 million or 11.1% for the 3 months ended June 30, 2013, mainly due to lower tank painting [ph] costs in our New Jersey subsidiary of $1.4 million. Employee-related and other, decreased $2.2 million, primarily due to decreased pension expense. The decrease in pension expense for the 3 and 6 months ended June 30, 2013 was primarily due to decreased contribution in certain of our regulated operating companies, whose costs are recovered based on our funding policy. Which is a fund at least a minimum amount required by the Employment Retirement Income Security Act or ERISA Act of 1974. Other operation and maintenance expenses include casualty and liability insurance premiums and regulatory costs. For the 3 months ended June 30, 2013, cost decreases was primarily driven by lower casualty insurance costs as a result of historical claims experienced and retroactive adjustments. In the second quarter, we also reported a higher depreciation and amortization expense of $8.8 million and a higher general tax expense of $2.1 million. The increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to additional utility plant placement service, including a depreciation expense of approximately $3.3 million for our business transformation project, which has a much shorter depreciation schedule than most of our other utility assets. None of our basic costs have been disallowed from rates at this time. The increase in general tax expense is primarily due to higher property taxes incurred as a result of our New York acquisition in the second quarter of 2012. The market-based business operations decrease and total operating expenses corresponds with the decreases in revenue, which I have previously described. Turning now to Slide 14. We have included a new side to better explain the period-over-period difference in our earnings per share figures. As you can see from this chart, we have broken out the positive $0.06 to $0.09 impact of weather for our 2012 results, as well as the net impact of the retroactive adjustment of $0.03 from the California rate case, which was booked in June of 2012. After taking these extraordinary events into account and using the midpoint of our weather impact, we get to what we consider a normalized earnings starting point for the second quarter of 2012, $0.555 per share or $0.56 rounded up. From there, we have laid out the various elements that explain the difference in our year-over-year earnings per share result. I'm not going to go through each one, but I do want to point out a few things here. First, just for clarification, you do note here a $0.02 impact to earnings due to depreciation, and we had shown a $9 million expense increase in the expense line. For all of you modelers out there, the impact of the $9 million in depreciation expense is split on this slide between the $0.02 decrease in the depreciation bar, as well as being reflected in the 2012 California rate case decision and the New York acquisition bars. Second, we have broken out the weather impact for the second quarter of 2013 from declining customer usage from other factors on this chart. And lastly, you also see a $0.01 increase quarter-over-quarter due to lower interest expense. And this is due to us taking a proactive approach to looking at refinancing alternative. For the quarter, our interest expense was reduced $2 million. For the June 30 year-to-date, it has been reduced by $3.5 million. Now let's look at the regulatory highlights for the quarter. Slide 15 utilizes the expanded rate base -- rate case input we introduced last quarter, showing formal rate cases awaiting final order, which we separated between those filed for 2013 versus those filed in 2012. And also, any step increases our DSIC filings, which impacted the quarter or are still pending. Including Pennsylvania, Iowa and California, we now have approximately $98.5 million in requested additional revenues from formal rate case we filed this year. And looking at the timing of these rate cases versus previous years, the rate cases we expect to resolve in 2013 should be towards the end of the year versus midyear in 2012 when we had 3 rate cases finalized in the second quarter. As Jeff noted earlier, West Virginia's water and wastewater cases have a settlement agreement in place reached by West Virginia American Water, the PSE stack and the consumer's advocate division, subject to the formal TSC ruling expected in the fourth quarter. Kentucky rates were increased $12.3 million on an interim basis, subject to refunds effective in July. Under Kentucky regulation, if an interim increase is put into effect, only the full amount of the rate increase request is allowed prior to the formal PFC decision, which we expect in October of this year. Of note, our first infrastructure charge in New Jersey took effect on July 1 for $4 million in additional annualized revenue. In our continuing efforts for transparency, we have created a new slide, which you can find in the Appendix, Slide 25, entitled Regulated Utility Rate Base and Allowed Return on Equity. Many of you have requested this data showing each of our Regulated Businesses authorized rate base, authorized ROE, authorized equity and the effective date of the rate case used. We have included this information for our 10 largest regulated subsidiaries on the slide. These are historic cases and we advise you to review this footnote for a fuller understanding of the particular case in question. While you can never project how any new case will be determined, we hope this will help you understand our rate environment. Turning now to Slide 16. This is a slide we introduced to you last quarter, which illustrates our commitment to keep our cost structure efficient and utilize the majority of our requested customer rate increases to fund capital investment, which includes infrastructure, system resiliency and customer service. This is also a validation of our continuing efforts to meet our O&M efficiency ratio goals, as shown on Slide 17. You will note that despite the revenue challenges we faced in 2013 second quarter, we have maintained a 40.4% ratio for the last 12 months ended June 30. And finally, as part of our commitment to shareholder value, last week, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.28 per common share payable on September 3, 2013 to shareholders of record as of August 19, 2013. This continues our commitment to an annual dividend payout goal of 50% to 60% of net income. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Susan. If you go to Slide 19, this is a slide on expectations for the year that we use every quarter. Nothing is changed. We've already really spoken about our progress on all of these efforts, which will anchor our long-term earnings per share goal of 7% to 10%, which we continue to be committed to and believe is achievable. Let me call your attention to 1 item, and that's the issuance of our new corporate responsibility report, which covers the years 2011 and 2012 in terms of data. And you can find this on our website. Our commitment as a company from the board level down, the corporate responsibility and sustainability, is truly one of our company's guiding beacons and we're proud to be the only water company the U.S. that's included in the Dow Jones Sustainable Index. Lastly, let me also just remind you, as I know a number of you probably have it already marked up in your calendars, but we will be hosting our 2013 Analyst Day at the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday, December 17. And we'll provide you more information about this in the coming months. With that, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mr. Kevin Cole from Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I see in June, the EPA released another study indicating that the U.S. will require about $400 billion in clean water infrastructure, I think, over the next 15 years or so. But I guess if I look back, those dollars are rarely spent. Do you see any changes in federal or state policy, either on the policy front or the enforcement front to actually require action going forward? In either clean wastewater side?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, Kevin, I think, frankly, it's enforcement actions being taken largely through consent decrees on the wastewater sides that are really starting to create some challenges and tension for a lot of municipalities. On the water side, the drinking water side, probably a little less so. There isn't a driving issue like arsenic was a few years ago that's mandating investment, although probably the next one that has attracted some attention is the chrome 6 issue, which is one that we've really got our hands around already. So again, it's this notion of -- as that infrastructure is out of sight, out of mind, the level of investment is trailing. I mean, that's why you see the average investment cycle of 250 years really going up to 350 years, whereas we as a company, are about 125. It's an issue that's attracting attention, but I don't think there's a solution. Well, there's not necessarily a solution that a lot of municipalities are yet facing up to. And that solution is really, you got to bring private capital in because the federal money is just not going to be there.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess I saw I think a couple of weeks ago, like San Antonio, I guess EPA forced San Antonio to, I think, spend around $1.2 billion given they were -- they didn't scale up their system to population growth, so they're distributing wastewater, I guess, just raw waste into water. So are you using that as the most actionable vehicle of growth given the EPA is actually fining those systems?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. The wastewater side is the one that is more susceptible to enforcement. And you've got, gosh, I can't -- I saw recently the number of cities that are under enforcement action. I don't remember the number, but whether it's Kansas City, which is a large metropolitan area or a smaller city like Chattanooga, Tennessee, they've got multi $100 million dollar enforcement actions. The challenge will be how strongly does the EPA enforce the timing of it. Do they give them slack so that instead of it needing to be done in the next 5 years, oh, well, we'll give you 7 or 10. That's where we've seen slippage in the past. I would say one of the things that Sandy brought to light was the risk. When you have increased volatility of weather and the risk of flooding and the like, whether it be from storm surge or rain or what have you, is the amount of untreated or only partially treated wastewater that got dumped, that gets -- and that is, I think, the risk that is starting to attract a lot more attention. Just with Sandy it was over 11 billion gallons of raw sewage that was dumped. And so that's a broader base challenge, but it puts a focus on the issue of adequate wastewater treatment and doing the right things relative to storm water. So I'm hopeful that the EPA will keep the pressure up to ensure that we, as a country, are doing the right things. I think it's important that environmental groups and others help support that.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Actually just -- I have an obnoxious question for Slide 23. Just because I know someone's going to ask you this question later. So is your 7% to 10% -- is it right to think about your 7% to 10% EPS growth rate being anchored to 2012? Or if I'm looking at 2014, should I re-anchor it to the midpoint of 2013?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, we've always talked about it as a long-term growth rate and so that's the anchoring in 2012. I know every year, we get pushed about, well so is it off a new base. And we're trying to say, look, 7% to 10% is a long-term growth rate, and yes, we're anchoring it off 2012. Even though our range is above that, and, of course, we'll provide you a range for 2014 as we get a -- probably in the December session.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then is this chart to scale? Because if I look at -- if I apply 10% growth rate to $1.99, I get $2.19, and that's kind of to closer to midpoint of this year's guidance, not at the bottom. And so am I not just understanding the chart or is it just not the scale?
Edward D. Vallejo: Kevin, it's Ed. Yes, it should be up to scale. So let me know when you have that service that sees if it is to scale, if it doesn't work out enough, but in our side, it is.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I always get nervous because we've got those engineers and financial players and whether it's something they put it on logarithmic paper or what, I always get a little very nervous, but just kidding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mr. Ryan Connors from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So I wanted to get some thoughts on the regulatory side and I guess, we're coming off the recent May [indiscernible] summer meeting, I'm sure you had folks there and you got some briefings, Jeff. Anything jumping out of you in terms of the evolution of the regulatory environment in water, either positive or negative, and either specific to any mechanism, a specific state or just the terms of the overall tone?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I guess, the ones -- a couple that I just touched on. I mean, we are getting increased understanding and recognition about the issue of declining use. And I think this is one where the industry was slow on the uptake, but is rapidly trying to move this forward. So frankly, there hadn't been much of anything done up until really probably the last 3 years or so. So, except in California, where there's an overall policy mandate. So I think that's on the positive side. I think on the risk side is, okay, so what does -- where do returns go and how successful are we in helping people understand that when you have artificially held down risk-free rates, it -- that doesn't necessarily change the cost of equity. And I think we've seen what's probably best described as mixed results. There are some states that have gone fairly low. I think the majority of our states have approached that with a more reason than tempered response in thinking about what that cost of -- what's an appropriate cost of equity. I think the 2 things that we keep a real ear on are the issue of degree of rate change, so that we don't push that frontier too hard, yet at the same time, we have great reception to the investment of capital. And so as we've talked to regulators about the chart that Susan has talked to you all about, about how we shifted, how much of our rate increases are capital versus O&M base, that's something that they receive positively. But I think those are the issue of declining use. And now, frankly, you're starting to hear a lot of electrics say, oh we no longer have growth. And so they're starting to scramble on that issue.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And how do you see that evolving, Jeff? I mean, will it be -- is the talk of a California style RAM-based decoupling or are there other approaches that you see prevailing?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think each state has to approach this on the basis of its own regulatory background and on a philosophy. There are some that they look at the California RAM mechanism and they wonder if it's too complex for them, is there a different way to do it, is there a way we can kind of build it into base rates, what is it that we're trying to protect against, is it all changes in consumption or is it just the intrinsic ongoing reduction in use per customer, so what is it that we normalize? So I think we'll see, and we are seeing, states take a number of different approaches. I think the one that most states move to most readily is, okay, let's take into account what you've seen over the last set of years, 5 years, 8 years, whatever it might be, and build that into your future and let's try to step and then we negotiate how far forward do we step to get the building determinants, if you will, the denominator, right. I think automatic adjustment mechanisms create some nervousness of regulators unless they come out of that mechanism. For example, Florida has a number of mechanisms. California has a number of mechanisms. And New York has a number of mechanisms that has just been part of their regulatory psyche. Other states appealing purchase prior adjustment clause. And on the water side, maybe an electric energy supply cost or something like that. That may be about all they're comfortable with. So I don't know how many states will adopt automatic mechanism as opposed to recognizing the pressing nature of the issue, but do it in a different way. Susan, do you have anything to add?
Susan N. Story: Yes, and I think consistent with what Jeff said, we take very seriously our responsibility on water efficiency and so we are proactively working with all of our states in terms of how we can promote water efficiency and address declining usage through, as Jeff has said, either decoupling type mechanism, looking at revenue adjustments for future test years, looking at performance incentive for some of the water efficiency program. So we're really looking at lots of different options to address this -- the same issue. And also on the key elements coming from [indiscernible] in looking at some of the commentary, as well as hearing from some of the people there, the commitment of state regulators to the replacement of aging infrastructure may be as strong as it's ever been. The recognition that this is something we have to address and that if we begin to address it today, that it would be far better than waiting until we have more severe problems in terms of main breaks, leaks and the economic impacts of that. So I think that we think increasing and growing commitment to that, and as Jeff said, what that means to us is, how do we find a way to promote that investment while also controlling price increases for the customers. And that is through our control of O&M so that any or most the majority of price increases will be for investment and -- CapEx investment and not O&M expenses.
Jeffry E. Sterba: One of the things that I think all that says is, of course, we may -- he have bias, but if I was going to focus on communities that have the greatest potential for growth and expansion, because they're going to be able to provide service to customers and it's -- and they're not going to have main breaks, et cetera, I'd look to those communities that are -- provided service by privately held companies that are regulated, because Susan's exactly right. We're seeing recognition of that on the regulatory side. Unfortunately, not at all communities, but in a number of communities. Your politician elected today, that's an out-of-sight, out-of-mind investment, it's a little harder to make, were a little easier to set a side and not necessarily keep up with that infrastructure. I think there are some cities, which -- and I commend -- I'll commend Chicago for what they're trying to do and Philadelphia for what they're trying to do in terms of their green cities initiative. And I don't mean solely them. I think New York is also there and there are others that are there. But boy, there is a whole host of that 50,000 communities or individual utilities that, that's not necessarily getting done.
Operator: Your next question comes Heike Doerr from Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you share with us what are re-stipulated in the settlement that's pending in West Virginia?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, yes, sort of. What happens is that the party submits a -- as part of their testimony, a basis for the cost of service that's been agreed to. It is a black box settlement, so there isn't a formal ROE. What we have submitted and what -- and I'm trying to remember which party it is that joined us with that, just Consumer Advocate, submitted -- resubmitted our cost of service than the Consumer Advocate did that the ROE is at 9.9, 9.9%. Whereas the staff has submitted a cost of service that uses 9.75%. They get to the same revenue requirement, so it gets to the same rate levels, they just go about it in a different way. So I think it's -- we believe it's 9.9%, but it's in that range.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Can you give us an update on where you are on portfolio optimization? Are there still states you're weighing whether or not it makes sense to be in, and where on the contract operations side are we on that process?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, on a regulated side, as we said before, the lion share of any optimization has been done. We will remain open to looking at whether it's inter-state or intra-state opportunities. I can't tell you that there's the state -- we're not in the process of saying there's a state we want to exit. We're comfortable with what we've got, but we will always look at opportunities to optimize that. On the Contract Operations side, by and large, most of it has been accomplished, moving us into a set of contract that we can operate in a much more profitable way, starting to shift the way that we're thinking. We're looking at how that business expands and being very specific and focused about what we won't go back into. We had to work -- our people did a heck of a job in extracting ourselves out of some contracts and arrangements that just were not profitable and the last thing we'll do is go back into those.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. How should we think about your CapEx budget and this Monterey Peninsula water supply project? Will that project -- I know it's spread over a longer time period. Will it just push you up within that band or may there be some years that you'll need to spend above that $1 billion that we've been talking about at the top end?
Susan N. Story: Heike, this is Susan. The expenditures for those projects are included in our forecast for -- we, this year, have said we will spend about $950 million in CapEx. We are looking -- and there is range you saw based on some things. It hadn't been decided yet the size of the plant, how we're going to approach, I believe it's 6.4 million gallons per day versus 9.6 million, and the 6.4 million would have bigger groundwater replenishment. So we're really working through right now what that will be, based on some of the final decisions on that project, but we anticipate those will be rolled in to our CapEx guidance for each year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Reeder from Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Following up on Heike's question there a little bit. So on a going-forward basis, I mean, is $950 million, is that going to be the bottom end of the range or can we get above the $1 billion, especially when, I guess, you're looking at the rate cases that are driven more on the CapEx side and the O&M side, do you have room to get more aggressive with the CapEx budget?
Edward D. Vallejo: Jonathan, I guess, the answer I want to give you is, we're certainly looking at the level of CapEx given what we think our future expenditures level will be, that we can put in and maintain the kind of rate levels that we think we can sell with our commissioners and customers. We'll talk more about that in December in terms of what that really looks like. But is there a potential for an $800 million, the $800 million to $1 billion that we've used for the couple of years that shift over the next 5 years? The answer to that is yes. When it might shift to, and how much it shifts, if it shifts at all, we'll talk more about it in December. Right now, we've got a plan that, as Susan said, has got California included in it. Remember, one of the things that's happening is we've been spending about $100 million a year on BT. That disappears this year. So there's $100 million there that was going to that project which now is going to be available to go into hard infrastructure on the regulated side. And so that's still at the current -- at the same current level. But we are -- we're still not spending for 100-year replacement cycle, for example, and that's our goal, it's to get to 100-year replacement cycle. Because that's really kind of the outer limits of what we think the life of most of these systems are.
Susan N. Story: And there's a lot of things we look at, Jonathan, part of it, and not just a flat amount, but what does that mean in terms of our equity needs. We've gone on the record that we do not anticipate issuing equity under normal business operations for the foreseeable future. So we run a lot of scenario now. We also are looking, for example, to Jeff's point, of next year not having the BT expenditures. What does it mean in terms of our distribution system infrastructure charge, which reduces regulatory lag? This year, about 39% of our CapEx will be DSIC, just as a matter of the B2 rolling off which isn't eligible, that percent could go up next year. So when we run the analysis of the overall target, we look at a lot of factors including both the reg side and the market bases.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess, as we're kind of looking out, the cash flows continue to improve if CapEx doesn't meaningfully increase. What's kind of the balance you're looking at between, I guess, equity -- appropriate equity ratio at the consolidated level, dividend increases, redeploying the cash, everything like that?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, you kind of gave what the basket of opportunities are. I mean, we are clearly not going to weaken our cap structure, but as we've talked about before, we don't necessarily see an overriding need to strengthen it necessarily either. So the 44% equity that we're at today, will by nature, go up a bit. But it's just we've got room to issue debt to the extent that our total CapEx or other expenditures, for example, with the kinds of acquisitions like the one we're doing in Virginia, that's a little larger, more of those. So we've got headroom to do that. If you're poking around, so is there a stock buyback on the horizon, those are things we do not have a stock buyback plan at this stage. Those are things that is an ongoing part of the business. We're focused on the right amount of capital first to invest in the business. And that's a function of both what we can afford through the rate-making process and the amount of free cash flow that we have in our headroom on the debt side. So I kind of leave it there. We'll give you more color about a forward look on the 5 years as we hit December.
Susan N. Story: And that's on the 17th Analyst Day.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, Jeff, you're right. And then I guess last question, maybe more for Susan. As we look at, I guess, the operating expenses and everything, why weren't production costs may be down a little more than they were given more the large decrease in customer demand?
Susan N. Story: Most of our biggest expenses in production is in energy and chemicals. And we did see a decrease in both of those. Chemicals, we did have, in some areas, a little bit of an increase due to just some of the operations, but they were consistent. Production cost decreases were relatively consistent with the sales decrease. And remember, on the revenue, the $15.8 million makeup in the revenue, we only showed $8.6 million on the slide because that netted out the $7.2 million from 2012 from the California retro. So in terms of -- anything else on the production?
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So, I mean, you're saying the production costs are down in line with the decreased customer demand, as you would have expected?
Susan N. Story: They were down in line mostly energy chemicals. Chemicals may not have gone down as much on a straight-line correlation because we did have some chemical increased cost in a few areas, but energy was, and chemicals were down. And those are the 2 predominant components of those expenses.
Operator: Our next question comes from Spencer Joyce with Hilliard Lyons.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Two, hopefully, pretty concise questions for you. One, on the New Jersey DSIC that we had going into effect in July, how often should be looking for reops on that? Is it going to be a little bump every 3 months, kind of like PA or maybe semiannually like the eastwest and Missouri, just how often can we look for a bump there?
Susan N. Story: That's a great question. I'm glad you asked. The regulations say that we can file up to twice a year in New Jersey for the DSIC. Some of you may have noticed there were some earlier material that we filed for $6.3 million. And I just noted that we have annualized increase to $4 million. Because of the way that the regulation is worded, it appeared that we could go in. And so we had anticipated during 7 months on our first filing, 5 months in our second, the staff really and rate counts, so really preferred that we do 6 and 6. So that accounts for the difference in the $6.3 million and the $4 million. But rather than being effective August 1, it was effective July 1. So short answer, it's twice a year, up to twice in 12 months. And we have further guidance that the preference is every 6 months.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay, fantastic. Second other question, totally switching gears. What's kind of the rollout time on those? How soon can we -- or should we be expecting some material revenue impact from those?
Edward D. Vallejo: Well, Nashville, we've got to go through the formal contract, and so that can take 30, 60 days, something like that. So it takes a little while. And then we have to put together the plan with the city because in that instance, this is an exclusive arrangement and it will go on their bill. So that -- it won't be until close to the end of the year before it could get rolled out. On Houston, frankly, I think that's already out there. We are starting to take customers into it. We've had advertisements and releases that have gone out and it's hit the newspapers in Houston. It is nonexclusive and so it's a little easier. They're basically just endorsing a couple of programs, so that one is moving forward. The Nashville one, because it is exclusive, has more potential, probably it won't really be out and customers are signing up until the end of the year.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. Another question just kind of popped up. On the exclusive or nonexclusive, looking over some of the historical places you've serviced, what's the penetration rate difference between places you serve exclusively and non-exclusively?
Jeffry E. Sterba: In those areas where we are on the bill, so we're on the water or wastewater bill, we see penetration rates that are up into the 30s. And we have disclosed that before. So in the low-30s kind of range. When you're not on a bill, it noticeably drops off, but we don't get specific penetration.
Operator: Your next question comes from Angie Storozynski from Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I wanted to talk about 2 things about your enhanced growth. So first of all, the military contracts. I know that you are awaiting a number of them to be announced. Do you see an impacts from the federal sequestration on the timing of those tenders being announced?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it's always hard to tell on the timing. The schedule -- the optimistic schedule is 18 months from the time first bids are made to the time that awards are made. And that hasn't necessarily ever happen. So honestly, we are still seeing strong activity. In fact, it's picked up. The challenge is, now, there's a 20% sequestration in the number of areas that we work with, so -- because they didn't do it unto the second half. So they're having -- they're a little higher on the furlough side. And so we are seeing a little bit of a slowdown, but it doesn't seem like it's significant. Things are still moving forward and we're seeing a pickup of activity particularly in the airports. So in one sense, I wish I could tell you, we're still seeing strong response, but we keep the eye out about -- are they really going to be able to keep the schedule?
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And secondly, you've mentioned potentially larger acquisitions as the way to the enhanced growth of earnings going forward. Could you put a bit of a context, you mean, we have some sour memories from the large acquisitions and how dilutive they used to be, equity needs, regulatory lag, how can you avoid these, and also, how can you convince the big sellers to give you their assets at book value without any goodwill issues and things like that?
Jeffry E. Sterba: It is a very good question and it has a couple of pieces to it. The example I would give is the Dale services. In the sense of how big our company is, it doesn't seem large, but 20,000 customers is a large acquisition in this world. Those kind -- these acquisitions, we're very disciplined about the ability to get what we pay in rates. If we don't think we can get it into rates, we are not paying it. Now that does not mean there won't be a premium because there are some states that allow a premium under certain circumstances. So if we're able, by virtue of that acquisition, to avoid a capital investment or 2 lower overall cost, then acquisitions can be allowed. Now we're still sitting on acquisition premiums made with citizens, for example. You're not going to see something like that and neither Susan or I or anybody else in this company has any appetite for paying major premiums that you're just, you're basically going to be accepting a lower return on. That's just not our philosophy about this. But things you are seeing certain communities that get into, they get challenged and we have a very disciplined approach about what is it that, that state will specifically allow. If they want more than that, well that's interesting, we're not going to pay more than that.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Is it easier for you to buy large wastewater systems as opposed to fresh water?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Easier, none of the stuff is easy because it's got politics wrapped around it and all sorts of other stuff. To me and I think to us, wastewater is much more of an area that's got greater growth potential because wherever we serve water, someone's providing wastewater. And so we're already known in those communities. And that, most of the time, is not us. So we think that provides a market particularly given that wastewater is not necessarily held as dear on the municipal side as drinking water is, even though it's all one water. So we think that wastewater has significant potential for us.
Operator: Your final question comes from Mr. Brian Chin from Merrill Lynch.
Brian Chin - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just have a quick one. On the Monterey Peninsula water supply project, obviously, this has been sort of a long-running project. Could you give us a sense on the settlement, to what extent you have cost overrun protections and/or are there monitoring requirements as the project is underway that help give regulators and yourself a sense of how expensive the project costs is projected to be?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. At this stage, we only have estimates and that's what's reflected in the agreements. And part of that is because there are some -- a couple of outstanding issues in terms of the recharge project. So there isn't the ability to have certainty on what those costs are yet. So once -- as we get those resolved, those kinds of significant issues resolved, then I would expect that we'll have much firmer, that's why we're giving you a range at this stage, so there isn't a number that someone can say, oh, well you can't exceed this because specifics of the projects are not yet fully resolved.
Operator: Thank you, sir. That was your final question.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me just thank you, all, very much for your questions and for your interest. And we look forward to talking to you next quarter and don't hesitate to call us if you got any questions in the interim. Thanks much.
Operator: Thank you. That concludes the American Water Second Quarter 2013 Results Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Susan N. Story - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations
Analysts: Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and is also being webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through May 15, 2013, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4613407. The online archive of the webcast will be available through June 7, 2013, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce the host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you, and good morning, everybody, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2013 Conference Call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. So although we do have a new CFO on the call today, we do have our same cautionary statement concerning forward-looking statements. So before we begin, I'd like to again remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. And such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to you all, and appreciate you joining us for the call this morning. Besides Ed, I'm joined in our presentation by Susan Story, our Senior Vice President and CFO, whom a number of you I know have had a chance to meet, and she certainly looks forward to visiting with you, each of you all over the coming months. In addition, Walter Lynch, Head of our Regulated Operations; and Mark Chesla, our Controller, are here to help as needed with your good questions. So we're pleased to present our first quarter results. Let me start by hitting on a few key themes for the quarter centered around our overall financial performance; execution of our regulatory strategy; and third, the success we've in growing both our Reg Ops and our market-based business because, obviously, all 3 are important drivers of our long-term growth. So going to Slide 5, you can see that we're off to a good start for 2003 with strong financial results. For the first quarter, we reported a 17% increase in income from continuing operations and a 14% increase in earnings per share from continuing ops, as well as increases in revenues and cash flows. Our consolidated return on equity for the 12 months ending March 31 was 8.29%, an 83 basis point improvement from the 7.46% return for the comparable previous last 12 months. And Susan will go into more detail about those results in a moment. Let me move to Slide 6 and talk a bit about our regulatory strategy. As you are probably aware, we have filed rate cases in Pennsylvania, Iowa and California, requesting approximately $98 billion in annualized revenues. With all 3 of these requests, the main driver is the needed investment in our system. As wastewater service and water providers, we have a responsibility to invest wisely, updating and maintaining the many components that assure the reliability of service for our customers. So for example, in Pennsylvania, we have invested approximately $731 million since the last rate case in April of 2011. In Iowa, we've invested $26 million since our last case. And in California, which remember, has a 3-year forward-looking rate case process, we anticipate a total investment of $130 million over the next 3 years. Two of these filings, Pennsylvania and California, are future test year cases. And this is important because, obviously, what we've been talking about is how do we reduce regulatory lag, so we're promoting the expansion of future test years and other mechanisms. So in Pennsylvania, Act 11, which was passed last year, enabled full future test year cases; California has had them for a while. In Iowa, the filing uses known and measureables for our forward period of investment, costs and usage to take into account the continued decline in usage from our residential customers. In Pennsylvania, additionally, Act 11, which was passed by the Legislature last year, allows us to consolidate water and wastewater costs and rates. And this enables the rolling in of wastewater systems into our overall system and costs and facilitates wastewater system acquisition. This will be the first case filed that implements those provisions of Act 11. Now that said, we're also very mindful about the need to balance needed investments with the customer impact, and we remain and will continue to be diligent about managing our costs. Our Regulated Businesses continued to increase operating efficiency resulting in an O&M efficiency ratio over the last 12 months of 40%, compared to 41.8% over the same previous 12 months. Susan will talk a bit more on how this focus on expense controls allows us to more efficiently use our capital and the headroom that we believe we've got under what would be appropriate rates. We also continue to utilize mechanisms that reduce regulatory lag and maximize our ability to replace existing aging infrastructure. Our largest 3 states have the ability to recover CapEx cost through infrastructure surcharges, and that's certain CapEx elements, not all is that -- typically, the distribution and infrastructure side where we're replacing infrastructure that doesn't add incremental revenues. And so now that we have the DSIC mechanism in place for New Jersey, we anticipate about 39% of this year's CapEx spending, which is about $950 million, will qualify for recovery through these mechanisms. I think 3 years ago, you'll go back and it was in the high-teens, we're now at 39%. And I think that, that shows the significant progress we've made in our regulatory strategy. Turning to Slide 7, let me just talk about the growth of our business a bit. And let's break it into 2 parts, as shown in the water picture slide that you can see. And I credit whoever came up with a water picture for a water company, it's so unique, so innovative. Just kidding, Ed. We have core growth, which includes efforts to reduce lag and seek appropriate returns on our capital investments, tuck-in acquisitions, the continued improvement of our regulated operating efficiency, as well as continuing to grow our military contracts and Homeowner Services business. And then there's our enhanced growth, which includes medium to large acquisitions providing new products and services and expanding into new territories in our Homeowner business, pursuing concessions and longer-term contracts, and continuing the expansion of our shale gas opportunities and other new business lines. Combined, these are the opportunities that will deliver our 7% to 10% long-term earnings per share growth. Since the beginning of this year, we've had a number of successes in both buckets. We've completed 5 tuck-in acquisitions, already in the first quarter, and also signed 2 agreements for acquisitions, which all added together, will have more than 22,000 customers to our base. One of these agreements, which we show under the enhanced growth area, is the acquisition of Dale Services Corp., a regulated wastewater utility in Virginia that serves approximately 20,000 customers. That's a sizable wastewater acquisition, expanding our operations in this important sector. As we've talked to many of you, we view the wastewater area as an area of significant growth potential for us. It's something that we're very heavy in on our market-based side, but it only accounts for about 4% or so of our Regulated Operations. Our Homeowner Services business reached its 1 millionth contract milestone this quarter, partly due to the launch of the partnership with New York City to provide service line protection programs to its 650,000 eligible homeowners. I got to tell you, response to this has been very strong. We now have more than 80,000 customers, so about a 12% penetration rate in only 1 quarter of marketing. And we've got nearly 160,000 contracts, which means that almost all of the customers signing up are taking 2 products. On the shale energy front, we added 5 new connections with shale drilling companies and signed an additional agreement with XTO Energy. That's the third pipeline extension in Butler County to support drilling operations in the Marcellus Shale area. And it also, as we've talked before, when we extend our regulated pipelines, it provides us the opportunity to provide the public in that area with a much-needed treated water service. So it's a positive for the environment also. XTO has told us that with those 3 pipeline extensions that we've done with them, they will have over 500,000 fewer water truck hauls on the roads of only 1 county, Butler County. So just within Butler County, it will be 0.5 million fewer water truck hauls over the next 5 years or so. In addition, because they're using our treated water, one of the other things that they've told us is that they are able to use less chemicals in their injection fluids, because they don't have to put in as much biocide. And that's important because biocide is the only nonfood grade material that they use in the creation of their fluids. So we think there's some really positive environmental aspects to that. Turning now to Slide 8. This week, our board of Directors authorized a 12% increase in the quarterly dividend from $0.25 to $0.28 per share. This is in line with the dividend policy we articulated this time last year, that more closely ties dividend growth to growth in earnings per share while targeting a 50% to 60% payout ratio. With the strong results of the first quarter, as you can see on Slide 9, we are reaffirming our 2013 earnings guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25 per diluted share for continuing ops. And with that, let me turn the call over to Susan for a more detailed discussion of our financials.
Susan N. Story: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning to those who are listening to our first quarter 2013 earnings call. I'm excited to be here with you today, and I look forward to working with all of you. Jeff has already reviewed some of our key highlights. I will now take a few minutes to describe in greater detail the drivers of our results for the first quarter. Turning to Slide 11. As Jeff mentioned, we experienced solid financial results for the first quarter of 2013 with increases in revenue, net income and earnings per share. These results were driven by our team's commitment to strategies that focus around delivering value to our customers, investing in needed infrastructure and controlling costs. During the first quarter, we reported operating revenues of approximately $636 million or a 2.8% increase over the approximate $619 million reported for the first quarter of last year. Growth in revenues was strong in our Regulated Businesses, as we will discuss further in a few minutes. But our market-based business was down for the quarter. This is primarily due to timing delays in starting some projects in our military services group, which we fully expect will catch up during the latter half of the year. Net income from continuing operations for the first quarter was $57.6 million or $0.32 per share, representing a 17% growth over the prior year. Net cash also improved quarter-over-quarter, increasing to $149.6 million compared to $148.1 million for the first quarter in 2012. Now let's discuss, on Slide 12, the various components of our income from continuing operations, starting with revenue. I also encourage you to read our 10-Q on file with the SEC for a more detailed analysis of both revenues and expenses. Overall, operating revenues increased $17.6 million with revenues from our Regulated Business increasing $31.4 million or 5.8% from 2012. This increase in revenues is primarily due to new rates in a number of our subsidiaries with an impact of approximately $25.3 million. Additional revenues of about $5 million were related to acquisitions, the most significant of which was our New York acquisition in the second quarter of 2012; and our increased surcharge and balancing account revenues of $5.2 million. These increases were partially offset by lower customer demand, which impacted revenues by approximately $3.6 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared to the first quarter of 2012. For our market-based businesses, revenues for the first quarter of 2013 decreased due to lower Contract Operations Group revenue by $14.7 million. Of this decrease, about $9.8 million was due to delayed activities in our military-based contract, which we expect to make up in the latter half of the year. The remaining decrease was due to the termination of certain other contracts continuing our rationalization of the municipal and industrial contract business. This decrease in Contract Operations Group revenue was somewhat offset by a $1.5 million increase in Homeowner Services revenue, which Jeff talked about earlier. On Slide 13, total operating expenses for the first quarter of 2013 increased by about $13 million or 2.9% from 2012. Operation and maintenance in the Regulated Business increased $11 million or 4.3% in the first quarter of 2013 compared with the prior-year period. Production expense increases include an increase in chemical costs related to the acquisition in New York and price increases and increased chemical dosages as a result of some unfavorable water conditions in our Illinois subsidiary due to drought. Operating supplies and services increased $6.3 million or 13.2%, primarily due to higher contracted services. This was mainly a result of incremental contractor cost related to the stabilization of our ERP project, as well as cost involving projects to improve our processes and our operating efficiencies over the long term, also due to the ERP implementation. Maintenance materials and services, which includes emergency repair, as well as costs for preventative maintenance, increased $2.1 million or 12.9%. This was mainly a result of higher-than-normal main breaks in a number of our subsidiaries, increased cost as a result of the New York acquisition and an increase in tank cleaning cost in California. Customer billing increased $1.3 million due to an increase in uncollectible expense, and we also experienced a $1.8 million increase in casualty and liability insurance premiums. Employee-related costs decreased $2.5 million or 2.1% driven by decreased group insurance and pension expense. The reduction in group insurance cost was mainly attributable to higher capitalization rate. Salaries and wages expense were relatively flat compared with the prior-year period. The market-based business operations decrease in total operating expenses coincide in part with the decreases in revenues which I have described previously. Turning now to regulatory highlights of the quarter. Slide 14 shows our new expanded rate case update template. We wanted to make it a bit easier for you folks to look at the rate case activity in the quarter, be it formal rate cases awaiting final order, which we separate on this slide between those filed in 2013 versus those filed in 2012. And also any step increases or district filings which impacted the quarter or are still pending. Including Pennsylvania, Iowa and California, we now have approximately $135 million in requested additional revenues from formal rate cases. And looking at the timing of these rate cases versus previous years, the rate cases we expect to resolve in 2013 should hit towards the end of the year versus midyear in 2012, when we had 3 rate cases finalized in the second quarter. Turning now to Slide 15. As you all know, internally, we challenge ourselves to build a culture of continuous improvement and excellence as a way of providing a path for sustainable earnings growth. As part of that effort, we strive to manage our cost structure as efficiently as possible. And this slide shows that the result of that focus are paying off for our customers. We've graphed for you the incremental revenue requirement across our states for 3 different time periods. As you can see, just a few years ago, about 60% of our rate case filings were to recover operating cost. Thanks to our focus on operating efficiency and expense control, we began to see a change. And in subsequent filings, in 2011 through 2012, we lowered by more than 1/3 the level of operating expenses we were seeking to recover to just 16%. And in fact, if you look at the most recent rate cases filed, that percentage is now approximately 6%. Fully, 94% of our recent cases filed are driven by needed capital expenditures in our infrastructure. This is a solid and sustained improvement and a testament to the discipline in cost controls that I see at American Water, which provide a tremendous benefit to our customers. In fact, on Slide 16, this continued effort to drive operating efficiencies also translates into an improved O&M efficiency ratio, which Jeff mentioned earlier, now at 40% for the 12 months ended March 31, 2013, compared with 41.8% during the same time frame last year. I have to tell you, as a new member of the American Water team, it's great to see this type of commitment across the business to continuous improvement to benefit our customers. And now I'll turn the call back to Jeff for his closing comments and for your questions.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Susan. If you go to Slide 17, this is the slide that you see each quarter. It shows the expectations of what you can hold us accountable to and kind of measure our progress. Since we're really only into the first quarter, let me talk about our plans for the rest of the year. We'll pursue the completion of our pending rate cases in West Virginia, Kentucky, Pennsylvania, Iowa and California, as well as contingent -- continue to evaluate appropriate timing for additional rate cases that could be filed possibly later this year or in 2014. We'll continue to focus on operational excellence and increased efficiencies, and we expect to beat our 5-year goal, which is to have an O&M efficiency ratio of 40% or below in 2015, we'll beat that by 1 or 2 years. We'll also begin to leverage some of the efficiencies gained through our business transformation project, though the real savings associated with that, really, won't come into play until about 2015 or very late 2014. The second phase of our BT project, which involves the customer information system and enterprise asset management, which is obviously the management of all of the assets that we're putting in place, should be substantially complete by the end of this year. We'll also maintain our investment in our systems with an estimated spend of about $950 million in 2013, and we'll further leverage our supply chain initiatives to realize additional improvements in both our capital and O&M efficiency. We'll continue to leverage our IDP offerings. And you will recall that we've talked about what we've been doing on the innovation development side, we've developed some very interesting technologies that we're starting to use and are starting to be put into place elsewhere in the industry. They're small, they're meant to be small, they don't consume our capital, but they have the potential for growing significantly in the future. And so we'll continue to push that through the commercialization process. And in the Marcellus Shale space, we expect our number of connections to steadily increase as we continue to have discussions with numerous energy companies about opportunities to expand our pipelines to improve water service to these growing areas. So far, these have all been on the regulated side though, as we've said before, we're open to both regulated and nonregulated pipeline pension to meet market needs, with the right risk return profiles for those. These efforts will anchor our long-term earnings per share growth of 7% to 10%. We seek to provide investors with a long-term double-digit total return investment on a thesis centered around investing in our country's infrastructure in an industry whose product is essential to all people. Before we go into the Q&A side, just a reminder that our Annual Stockholder Meeting will be held here in Voorhees, New Jersey, and also online through the Virtual Stockholder Meeting this coming Monday, the 13th, I believe it's at 10:00 a.m. All stockholders are invited to attend and if you all have not voted your proxy for any of the holders that are online, we certainly encourage you to do so. And with that, we'd be happy to take any questions that you all may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Ryan Connors from Janney Montgomery Scott.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So one sort of tactical question and 2 bigger picture items. Just on the -- in the short term, obviously, 1Q is a seasonally slow quarter and then now we move into 2Q, 3Q and more of a stronger seasonal demand period, and last year was a really strong year. So can you kind of update us with your perspective on, obviously, the challenging comparisons and how we should be looking at year-over-year growth potential? And maybe even any early perspective, a little over a month into second quarter, on how that issue of tough comparisons is playing out.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Ryan, let me just touch on that briefly, remember, this is the reason why, last year, we provided a sense of what the impact on earnings from continuing operations was from the unseasonable weather, and we indicated it was about $0.13 to $0.16, so that you could kind of normalized out the impact last year. So our suggestion is you kind of look at that from a trending side to look at the performance of it as we go through this year. We're not going to give you much -- say much about what's going on in any quarter until the end of the quarter. I'll just say that, certainly, April, it didn't give us any cause for concern on the sales side at all. We'll have to see what happens to weather. The thing that's -- this is one of the things that we're really starting to focus on. Regardless of what your views on climate change are and whether you believe in anthropogenic causes or not. The reality is we're going to face significantly more volatile and variable weather patterns. They will be extreme, and so we will see significant changes. And so one of our real focuses is building resiliency into our system, both physically and financially, so that we can manage these kinds of swings, while maintaining the same kind of financial risk profile and ensuring that we have the systems that will allow us to meet those customers' needs. So we'll just have to wait and see what happens in the second and third quarters, but at this stage, we're very comfortable with the earnings guidance we've given.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's great. And then can you just update us on your assessment on the regulatory climate, broadly, as it relates to awarded ROEs? Obviously, interest rates remain low, that puts downward pressure on cost of capital calculations, economic backdrop is mixed. And so how do you see commissions responding to that environment here as you gear up for a few fairly significant rate cases in the pipeline as you talked about?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me put in a few words, then I'd like Susan to add her thoughts, coming out of the same kind of regulated marketplace. Clearly, it's been downward pressure on returns. One of the things we remind regulators is, look, you have to be very careful about looking at what the -- what an artificial -- artificially held down risk-free rate is and use that as the basis for calculating what a cost of equity capital is. Because it's being artificially held down for monetary -- through monetary policy for specific broad-based governmental reasons. But that said, the other thing that we share with our regulators is the notion that more than probably any other company in the utility industry, we have a capital allocation decision to make. And it's not that we're not going to do what is essential, but in terms of the variable capital, which is a big chunk of capital, it will move where there is the opportunity to earn our full return in a timely manner. And I think the clearest example is the additional commitment that we made into New Jersey once the DSIC was put in place, the incremental capital that we've committed into Missouri, and where, frankly, some capital has been extracted. Again, we're going to make sure we provide service to customer, but it's an issue of investment in the longer term. So we certainly see returns coming down a bit and we've factored that in our game plan going forward, but we think we can, without -- certainly not in a threatening way, help people understand that we only got so much capital spend, and it's going to be allocated where it's going to get the greatest return.
Susan N. Story: And absolutely. And I agree with Jeff. And I think, also, remember that when you look at the rate cases that we have filed, we are holding the line on O&M expenses. We are trying to be good stewards of going into the public service [indiscernible] utility commission so that when we go into these, it's for infrastructure improvement. We know from several reports from the Society of Civil Engineers, the water infrastructure is struggling nationally, we believe and we have continued to make investments in that. We know that utility commissions recognize management efficiency, which we think that we are showing by how we are controlling our O&M costs so that we're going in for recovery, basically, for the investments that we're making to improve reliability, safety and making sure that the water is available when it needs to be available.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Susan raises something that we're going to start helping make sure our regulators understand more fully. It's you look how far this company has come in a pretty short period of time about improving its cost structure, really getting focused on how we serve customers in different ways, the kinds of things that we do that others don't do about helping ensure continuation of service where we have had very little lost service during these weather events and have been lauded in virtually every state where we've had those events because of the way we manage our field force and what we do relative to the loss of electric power. So that's something that we think can help make up for a little bit of the lower natural returns that regulators will get.
Ryan M. Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: That's great perspective. And then one last question for me. Pretty big privatization opportunity in Allentown, Pennsylvania that did not go to either yourselves or any of your investor-owned peers. Can you just talk a little bit to us about that process and what you learned from it as regards to both the appetite for privatization and then, also, how you'll approach that type of opportunity in the future?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Sure. I'll tell you that I am exceptionally proud of the team that we had working on that project. The way they conducted themselves, the development of the proposal and -- I'm very comfortable with what we did. We would not have paid what someone else is saying they will pay. So in terms of the process, I'm just -- that's fine. I guess, a couple editorial comments. I think from a public policy side, there is a real issue to be had about an entity being able to use subsidized tax-exempt financing. It's being subsidized by all taxpayers. To buy assets, we'll enter into an agreement where you're paying to lease assets at about cost, above the original cost. The notion of using tax-exempt debt to enhance a public systems that already exist is one thing. But to acquire a system and to effectively compete by using something that's subsidized by their taxpayers, I think, is a public policy issue that's going to end up being addressed in Congress. In the kind of economic condition that this country is in, to continue to allow those kinds of subsidizations, I think, are the things that policymakers ought to look at. And I think we also have to recognize that they're paying -- whatever the price, $220 million, I guess, is the price. It's a heck of a lot more debt that they have to issue than $220 million because of the bond, reserve funds and everything else. They don't have any equity capital that's associated with that. So I hope it works for them. They may do a decision, we'll see what happens. I'm very comfortable with how we conducted ourselves and the price that we put forward. It does not dissuade us from pursuing the right kinds of opportunities for the future. We're approaching it with the same care and deliberation that we did this time.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In California, one of the things we've seen with some of the electric utilities are general rate cases are taking a lot longer to resolve. You just filed in California, how should we think about the timing of final resolution? And do you think there's any read over from the time line in California for some of the electric needs to how we should think about water case resolution?
Jeffry E. Sterba: We have Walter to answer that.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Neil, it's Walter. In California, there's a 3-year cycle, so we filed on that timing. We filed in May. The rates are going to be effective in January 1, 2015, based on that 3-year cycle. So we expect to take a good portion of it and have the rate case finalized before January 1, 2015. So it's on a regular cycle, and all the water companies are on those cycles.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Neil, if you'll look at this last rate case, the decision was about, what, 5, 6 months late. But it's -- there is the risk. Because you're right, they are running behind. There is the risk the case could slip. But the rates are retroactive. That's what gives us a little comfort is that it's not an issue where we won't make that revenue. It may be delayed where the actual flow comes a little bit late, but it will be retroactive to that date.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. All right. And then on your comments on dividend, obviously, you had a nice dividend bump a couple days ago. To get to the midpoint of your 50% to 60% payout, you likely have to grow your dividend by faster than EPS growth. So just to get back to your dividend philosophy, is it possible that you grow your dividend in excess of that 7% to 10% to get closer to the midpoint of your payout range?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I just love it when a 12% dividend increase is a nice dividend increase. There is a balance, as I know you understand, between the rate of growth that we have in that. And we're going to always be a little conservative on this because in looking forward, we have balanced that issue of what the opportunities we have for investment. I guess, the short answer to your question is, certainly, there is the potential that it will grow at a rate faster than earnings maybe in any 1 year. But remember that we talk about 7% to 10% as a long-term growth rate, not every year-on-year. And so a year in which we have, let's say, 7% growth or 7.5%, the dividend rate may still be -- will be higher than that. In a year in which we have 15% growth, as we have for the last 3 years, it probably wouldn't be or probably likely wouldn't be above that. So as we go forward, we'll keep looking at that. I think the key for us is to provide a predictable, stable level of growth in the dividend. And we've increased it by $0.01 in each of the last 3 years and -- because it was appropriate to do so. Whether -- we're now at a $0.03 per quarter level increase, so that's 12%. Whether we go above that, we'll wait and see how our future continues to unfold.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kevin Cole from Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, with the shale development, can you, I guess, help me think how the earnings levels will work when you invest in the business? And is it a purely rate-based business, or do you get some volume kicker from it as well? And then also with the XTO agreement and similar agreements, how much CapEx should we be thinking that you're investing?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Let's take that in 2 parts, let me do the second part first. In most of these agreements, frankly, what we've got is the driller investing a good chunk of the capital or providing a good chunk of the capital as a contribution and aid. And then the whole investment is rolled into our rates and the property is deeded to us, so they then end up paying for treated water. That's what we've done on the regulated side. So in between rate cases, we get a bump from those additional revenues and sales. We also have the opportunity to then serve the retail growth that can crop up around that pipeline or for, in many of those areas, customers that are having well water difficulties to have them come on to the line, and so that's additional revenue. And then if the drillers end up leaving and we don't have any risk associated with those investments, they're rolled into rates and will stay in there for the long term. So that's how the ones that have happened so far are being treated. And I think that the value of that, remember, it's twofold. First, we're getting the revenues from that driller today. In the longer term, we are getting additional certificated territory. So when we make those extensions, the Pennsylvania Commission actually certificates additional territory for us. And that will put us in the position if, for example, this cracker is built to be able to serve what people estimate from anywhere from 15,000 to 40,000 new jobs in that area. So now, as I said and we've said for at least the last year or so, while we focus on regulated investments to serve drillers, we will also consider market-based investments if the risk reward profile is right and it meets what the customer needs and wants. So far, that hasn't been what the customers have preferred. It hasn't been necessary or appropriate but those things can change, and that obviously has to have the right risk reward relationship.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And so this is a 0 like business then, given the contribution and aid?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. There's very -- I mean we put in some capital. But I got to tell you, we haven't put in -- I don't know what the number is, Kevin, I couldn't tell you what the specific is, but it's not much. It may be $1 million or a couple of million. Well, it's probably a couple of million dollars so far. Because a big chunk of it is put up by the driller, and then they deed the property to us at no cost. It doesn't -- they don't get a deduction in the rates, so they pay for the pipeline, and then they pay the regular price for the water.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Have you provided the rate base growth opportunity for this?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I'm sorry, can you speak up?
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry, have you provided the rate base growth opportunity for, I guess, the shale development initiative?
Jeffry E. Sterba: No. No, we have not.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then, Susan, with your comments on the non-Reg side, I'm sorry if I missed this. But was the revenue to net income decrease a function of a slowdown and ability to get new businesses, or was it just kind of more of a contract issue? And then also how do you expect to backfill later on this year?
Susan N. Story: Yes. Thanks for that question, Kevin. Actually, the military services group, just for a little background, these contracts are O&M contracts, but they're actually full scale. We are the EPC contractor and we provide the O&M services with 50-year contracts. So we're the ones who get the permits. We actually also get a bill of sale for the assets, but because it's on the government installation and we can't make any decisions that the government doesn't approve, we don't carry those on the American Water books. So what happens is we have projects that are already awarded. These are not projects we are hoping will happen. They have been budgeted, they've been awarded, we are in process. There was some small delays in terms of getting some construction permits on the majority of these sites. So we fully expect for these projects to continue for this year. It will probably be more towards the third or fourth quarter. And also understanding how this works because we're EPC, we have an agreement that we actually book revenue during certain percentages of the completion of the project. So once we start the project based on where we are in the design build, we're able to bring revenues in. So it's merely a matter of the timing, and most of that is due to the construction permitting.
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think I have one thing to add, Kevin. I think as we're -- as people are finding out, there is an impact of sequestration that's the kind of the hidden impact. And it is that even if there aren't -- people aren't being furloughed or anything, or even if they are, you're losing some effectiveness there. But what really happens is everyone in the government talks about what's going on, and that reduces effectiveness efficiency. And so stuff's just gotten slower, and that's a natural thing to happen, but it isn't going to stop the moving forward of those contracts.
Susan N. Story: Yes. I mean, the sequestration should not affect these projects that we've got. And also, even going forward, because we're doing water and wastewater infrastructure, these are critical elements. So as long as there are military bases, the work will be done. The question is, who's going to do it? And we're going to compete most effectively for those projects.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Angie Storozynski from Macquarie.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: I just wanted to clarify comments about the timing of rate cases and the revenue contributions and how it ties into your guidance. So is this just purely about the quarterly allocation of revenue increases or that's -- I mean, the timing of those rate case resolutions together with the delay in the military contracts should weigh on your results in 2013 versus your guidance?
Susan N. Story: Angie, that's exactly correct. Last year, the 3 rate cases were finalized and we received the orders in the second quarter. When you look, for example, at Kentucky and West Virginia, the water and wastewater in West Virginia and the case in Kentucky, we, of course, we don't know. We would hope that by the third or fourth quarter, we would get a final order on those. With Pennsylvania, it could be through the first quarter of 2014, but there's a chance it could be the latter part of this year. In Iowa, probably '14. So a lot of it is due to the timing from last year compared to this year.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: But you already knew about it and it is embedded in your guidance, right?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. For the year guidance, that's why we reaffirmed our guidance -- the annual guidance, we reaffirmed our guidance.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. Now how much of a help did you guys have in the realized ROE over last 12 months from the weather? So if I were to look at the weather normalized, realized ROE.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I'm trying to remember the number. 40 basis points?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Yes, it was around 40 basis points. Angie, I can give that to you after the call.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And then when we think about your earnings drivers going forward, how big of an ROE lag we should assume and especially as it ties into a potential refinancings of debts and further bridging of the gap between allowed and realized ROEs from the rate cases?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, if we look at the regulated return, which I think was on a weather-adjusted basis, it was somewhere just at or under 9.0%, so right around 9%. We're seeing -- we've got a regulatory lag, but it has shrunk considerably. Our goal is to drive it to 0. We think that's appropriate. As we go forward, what helps get us there? Well, expansion of DSIC. If you look at the 39% of our CapEx that qualifies for DSIC, remember that of the $950 million we've got this year, a chunk of that is for BT. BT doesn't qualify for DSIC. We go forward next year at this stage into 2014, subject to further decisions, but we don't see backing away from the total level. So probably a greater amount of investment will be eligible for DSIC. We've got more future test year rate cases going forward. So we're doing the things that will help close that gap. I certainly don't expect it to increase from what we've got right now, and which looks to be about 80% or so -- 80 basis points.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And that's on the regulated side, how about on the corporate level?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. So on the corporate level, Angie, the major piece, as we've talked about before, is the parental level debt. Its impact is declining just because our earnings are becoming much bigger, not that the total hits associated with that interest is shrinking, it's really not. Remember, we did hedge off a piece of the and there's no -- through a swap. There's not really an ability to do much more of that today. And remember that the biggest chunk of that, I think it's about $750 million, Bill? Is subject to -- comes up in 2017. So we will always look for opportunities to manage that debt in a better way. We did a lot of refinancings, about $500 million or so last year of other debt, which has helped reduce our overall cost of debt. But the [indiscernible] of the parent, we have limited capacity to do anything before we face the issue of it coming up in 2017.
Angie Storozynski - Macquarie Research: Okay. And the last question, so you keep showing us the 7% to 10% earnings growth and when I look at your drivers of earnings and the level of CapEx that you keep deploying, I kind of struggle with the 7% growth. What would be -- I mean, how can I get comfortable with that low case of earnings growth because it's hard to imagine. Is this more a function of -- I mean, are you basically giving yourself a cushion and that's why it's a 7% low end of the range, or is there something long term that I'm missing that could actually weigh on your earnings growth?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, Angie, since we're talking long term, I think it's appropriate to think about a range. And obviously, we're going to drive -- as long as it's based on long-term decision-making, we're going to drive to be on the higher end, but there's a lot of things that can happen. If we get in a period of, as some people think will happen, we're we've got an inflationary period, monetarily driven, then for entities like us, that forces interest cost, as well as other costs, up at higher rate, so it exacerbates whatever regulatory lag you have. So there's a lot of things that can happen on the regulatory side, as well as on the market-based side. So I think it's appropriate to think about a range, and that's where you all get to kind of make your own judgments and decide where within that range we may fall long term, because we'll run a bunch of sensitivities that can drive us. Remember the tornado chart that we've used with you all before, that can show how things can affect us. And a number of them can drive us inside or outside of that range very, very quickly. Whether it's on the sales side, particularly on the level of sales side. So I think we're comfortable with the 7% to 10% range.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Heike Doerr from Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to return to this topic of military base business for a moment. Can you perhaps comment on how the sequestration impacts the trends towards further privatization of military bases?
Susan N. Story: It's interesting because in looking and talking with the people that we've got working on that, the issue of sequestration has a lot of questions, first of all, so we don't want to speculate. We know that there were talks of furloughs that did not happen. What we do know is that, originally, and I think we have reported in earlier earnings call, the Department of Defense was planning about $11 billion worth of water and wastewater project privatization from 2012 to 2016. We have not gotten information that says that has significantly changed. Again, when you look at a lot of basis, many were built around post-World War II, different areas. Water, wastewater infrastructure, if you're going to have bases, you're going to need those services. So anything we talk about is speculation. However, in some respects, the military, I know, for example, on renewables and different things has actually said that because of things like sequestration, budget cuts, they would prefer to privatize because they take that risk off. That's not their core competency. We don't know that for sure. We are monitoring closely. We work with the Department of Defense frequently. We have a team that does that. And at this point, the projects that we have, we don't see an impact from sequestration, but for what Jeff mentioned which is, if things happen a little more slowly because of discussion and talks about sequestration, looking forward, if we need to revise our forecast, we will. But at this point, we still see projects on the table that will be awarded to someone.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Let me add one other piece of color. I think the probability of a BRAC, another BRAC, is very high, probably in the 2014, '15 time frame. Those are very difficult and exhaustive processes. And consolidation and the efficiency of overall deployment is one of the keys. So I think you can think about the likelihood that we will see some base closings. Now when they do consolidation, there's always an issue about one of the big bases going by the wayside. Frankly, what typically happens as you see consolidation of smaller bases, a lot of the smaller outposts, frankly, we don't even bid on because they're just not big enough for us to mess with. We tend to focus on the larger scale bases, and there are some large-scale bases that are on the blocks for this privatization today. You never know when a BRAC process goes through what the outcome might be. But I think you know 2 things, a, it takes a while because it's a political process and that they're going to be driving for efficiency gains. I don't think anyone can prejudge today whether that means we could lose one of our bases or we could have a greater opportunity to serve a new base that's bigger than it otherwise would be. I agree with Susan, I don't think that sequestration in and of itself is going to impact the privatization, except it may just slow it down because of the process and people being distracted. Because of just the general notion of sequestration, but they'll hit, they'll come back after a period -- a couple of months or whatever of settling down and get back on track.
Susan N. Story: And tagging on to what Jeff said, not only the issue that we serve the larger bases, but because of our size and scale and the fact that we have a national marketplace, it would provide us more opportunities because we're not constrained by regional lines. So it actually could provide us even more opportunities.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And can you remind us what that process is if tomorrow they opened up these projects for bid? What's the process, what's the normal timing of that process?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, the timing that the federal government will talk about is an 18-month period. We haven't seen one get done in 18 months, so there's always something that slips. But it is a very structured process that's multistage and...
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So it would be a 2015 earnings event at the earliest?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Except that there are some that are in process now. So there's already some that are on the table and were started in '12. So when will they come to a conclusion? Well, it really depends, do we 18 months or do we see 24, 26 months. So we don't talk about which ones that we've bid on are currently in process, but they are some very attractive bases.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And as final question, can you just provide us with an update on the New York City contract services contract?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. As I mentioned earlier, we started the marketing process in early to mid-January. So through the first round of mailings, to about 650,000 people, we've got 80,000 customers, so that's over -- about a 12% penetration rate. And almost all of them are taking 2 products, so we've got about 160,000 contracts out of it, so it's going well. It's certainty exceeding what we expected.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Can you share with us what the target is for that by the end of the year or...
Jeffry E. Sterba: No. We won't give specifics on targets and stuff like that, but I'll just tell you that we're pleased with how it's going. But there's also shakedowns that occur. Maybe that's not the best choice. Shakeouts that occur when you go into a new territory. Because remember that our key -- the 2 key things that make that business work are contractor management and customer care. And so on the customer care side, we had to significantly expand our capacity to take on New York City. And on the contractor management side, these are bunch of new contractors because we didn't really serve in New York City before. So we've got to go through the process that you always will have a little shakeout as we bring new people on to the customer care side and we have new contractors that we're serving. So we're pleased with how it's going and that's -- there probably isn't much more to say about that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I show no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn it back to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, again, thank you for joining us this morning. We'll see some of you at the Brean Conference on Monday. And thanks, again, for your following and your support. Take care.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We would like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-27 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ellen C. Wolf - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President  Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc. Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Year-End 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through March 6, 2013, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4593380. The online archive of the webcast will be available through April 17, 2013, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce our host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Good morning, everyone, and welcome to American Water's 2012 Year End Conference Call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to our future performance, and our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these estimates statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to you, all, and thank you for joining us today. I'll be joined in the presentation by Ellen Wolf, our Chief Financial Officer; and in addition, Walter Lynch, who heads our Regulated Operations this year to help with your good questions that I'm sure you'll have. Before delving into the results of 2012, let me just make an opening comment. As you know, Ellen announced her retirement from our company in January. And I just want to take this opportunity to thank her for her tremendous dedication, expertise and leadership during the 12 years that she has served our company. On a personal basis, it's been a true pleasure to work with you and to really see the caliber and commitment that she has brought. Her direction of our financial objectives and obligations has helped us deliver strong results year-over-year, and she is about as red as the shirt that she's wearing right now. I also want to thank her for helping to ensure a smooth transition. As you know, Susan Story will join us on April 1 as our new CFO. I believe a number of you know her, and personally, I'm thrilled to bring someone with her diverse background to our company. Her experience and breadth of skills make her an excellent fit for this position and for American Water, and we look forward to introducing her to those of you who may not have had a chance to get to know her in the past at our next earnings call in May. So today, we are pleased to present the very strong results that we achieved in 2012, really the outcome of sound execution of our business plan on many fronts. So if you go to Slide 5, for 2012, we reported an 8% increase in revenue, an 18% improvement in cash flow from operations, a 22% increase in net income and a 20% increase in diluted earnings per share from continuing ops. Our return on equity, adjusted for the abnormally hot and dry summer, improved about 49 basis points over 2011. And remember that we've got about $1.2 billion of debt at the parent. And given the cost of that, when you take that into account, that means that our Regulated Operations earned a return on equity of just about 9% last year. And in the midst of this strong year of performance, our board authorized an 8.7% increase in the dividend in -- or for the dividend in 2012. So as a company, the challenge we laid out for ourselves in 2010 to build a culture of continuous improvement and excellence is firmly taking root and providing a pathway to sustainable and profitable growth. Now let's turn to Slide 6, and let me talk about the other goals that we accomplished in 2012 that led to strong -- that lead to the strong prospects that I believe we have for the future. 2012 was a year of optimizing and enhancing our business portfolio to ensure that we're operating in areas that maximize value to our customers and shareholders. We acquired a total of 16 water and wastewater systems through accretive transactions, adding more than 55,000 customers to our base. We also closed on the sale of our Regulated Operations in New Mexico, Arizona and Ohio, which generated over $560 million in cash proceeds. That cash is now being more effectively deployed in our other Regulated Operations. We also saw growth through agreements with shale gas developers to build pipelines to support drilling operations in the Marcellus Shale area, which also enable us to provide the public with much-needed clean treated water service. In 2012, we doubled the revenue from hydraulic fracturing contracts to about $3 million with a 74% increase in sales to in excess of 430 million gallons. Our homeowner services business expanded into 10 more states and has partnered with New York City to provide service line protection programs to its 650,000 eligible homeowners. This program, which was just launched last month, has seen a very strong response rate, already in excess of 7%. Now in recognition of the investments we make in infrastructure in our Regulated Operations to ensure our quality service to customers, during 2012, we resolved 10 rate cases, bringing in annualized revenue increases of over $120 million, and we also filed 4 rate requests. An important regulatory tool, the DSIC mechanism, was approved in New Jersey. We responded by putting forward a plan to incrementally invest $220 million over the next 3 years in New Jersey, and that's in addition to the base level of about $20 million a year or $60 million for that 3-year period. With the inclusion of DSIC in New Jersey, we now have 6 states with such a infrastructure recovery mechanism, and that includes all of our 5 largest states, enabling the timely recovery of about 30% of our total CapEx spend. The Regulated Business continued to increase efficiency and manage costs resulting in an O&M efficiency ratio adjusted for the midpoint of the estimated weather impact of 40.7% for 2012. So even adjusting for the weather, we drove 170 basis point improvement in this ratio, approximately the same reduction we saw in 2011 from 2010. The investments we make into our infrastructure and systems, which have amounted over $1.8 billion in the last 2 years, is key to our commitment to provide safe and reliable service. If you think back about 2012, extreme weather highlighted the importance of long-term planning and appropriate investment to ensure sustainability and resiliency of our operations. During the summer drought, for example, we saw the benefits of our water supply investments in our Southern and Midwest service areas. And when Hurricane Sandy slammed into the East Coast, our dedicated employees, the preparation that they had done and our system enhancements kept the water flowing even through widespread and sustained power outages. It's also worth noting that as we build resiliency into our systems to help withstand weather volatility, one of the key tools that we use is the leveraging of technology and innovation. Let me just give you an example. As you know, most utilities use GIS systems to locate on maps their facilities relative to other pieces of infrastructure, roads, curbs, gutter, those kinds of things, so you have a sense of where your equipment is relative to other equipment that may exist in the right-of-way. We've expanded beyond that to -- in some of our areas, we're starting to use GPS facility mapping, which means that we have the ability to locate it just through GPS coordinates and the satellites. And let me tell you how handy that came in. When Hurricane Sandy hit and the New Jersey barrier island was in the midst of devastation and you had 2 to 4 feet of sand and piles of debris and moved houses, some moved as many as 7 blocks, and boats littered every place, you couldn't find traditional landmarks. You couldn't find a curb, you couldn't even find the street. And so with our GPS coordinates, we are able to locate every one of our facilities, our valves, be able to control our valves so we can bring water back safely. And we are also able to help communities find their equipment that they could not find, like roads. So when they're trying to clear a road, they don't know where the [indiscernible] plows go. And so we were able, based on finding our equipment, then be able to map for them where the boundaries for those roads were. This will help -- this is the kind of tool that will help us with resiliency as we move forward. In 2012, we also took Phase I of our conversion to SAP, and this included the financial and human resource modules, we took it live. Now while there are always struggles in implementing these complex systems, as I'm sure you have talked to many companies that have been through this, an independent review we had done concluded that this was an above average implementation compared to more than 100 similar projects. And at this stage, we are on the schedule and budget that was established almost 4 years ago for this project. While we did incur some higher O&M costs at the end of last year with implementation, these costs were relatively small compared to the overall $320 million project cost, and that number includes AFUDC, you may recall. Turning to Slide 7, our long-term EPS growth target has been and continues to be 7% to 10%. And our history over the last 3 years demonstrates our capacity to achieve that long-term target. Given our past performance and the strategy we are implementing for the future, we're confident we will continue to meet that long-term goal. For 2013, we announced our guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25 per share, which puts our annual growth from a weather-adjusted 2012 between 8% and 13%. Interestingly, our EPS in 2008 was $1.10 per share. So at the midpoint of our guidance range for '13 of $2.20 per share, in a 5-year period through 2013, we will have doubled earnings. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Ellen, who will provide details on our financial performance.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thank you very much, Jeff, and good morning to those of you who are listening to our earnings conference call. Let me take a few moments now to describe the underlying factors that drove our 2012 results. More details will be available when our 10-K is filed. Turning now to Slide 9. As Jeff indicated, 2012 was another year of solid financial results with continued increases in revenue, net income and cash flow. For 2012, we reported operating revenues of approximately $2.9 billion, a $211 million increase over the revenue reported for 2011. Net income from continuing operations for '12 was approximately $374 million or $2.11 per common share, an approximate 23% growth rate over the prior year. This is driven mainly by higher revenues in our Regulated Businesses of around $196 million and our continued focus on expense control. As we have mentioned previously, we believe the estimated impact of the hot, dry weather in the summer of '12 was around $0.13 to $0.16 per share for the year. Net cash provided by operating activities for '12 was around $956 million compared to approximately $808 million for 2011, primarily driven by the increase in operating revenues, changes in working capital, lower pension and postretirement health care contribution and long-term tax planning. Now I'd like to discuss briefly the various components of our income from continuing operations starting, of course, with revenues. Turning to Slide 10. Overall, revenues increased approximately $211 million, with the Regulated Business increasing around $196 million or 8.3% from 2011. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by rate authorizations related to the needed maintenance and updating of our water systems and higher customer demand in our Midwest and Eastern states over the prior year. For 2012, the impact of these rate authorizations, including investment surcharges, was approximately $129 million. The increase in revenues associated with higher demand over the prior year amounted to approximately $39 million. Also, in 2012, revenue increases from acquisitions was approximately $27 million, primarily driven by the acquisition of systems in New York in the second quarter. For our market-based businesses, revenues increased approximately $3 million, with continued growth in homeowner services and our military contracts. Turning to Slide 11. As you know, our ability to invest in our infrastructure is driven by our ability to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investments. The extent to which requested rate increases are granted by the applicable regulatory authorities varies. This slide shows rate cases that have been filed and we are awaiting final orders on, as well as rate cases and infrastructure charges that have been recently granted. Annualized revenues from general rate cases effected in 2012 were $120.5 million. After year end, an additional $4.9 million in step-increases authorized in previous rate cases became effective. For 2013 through February 26, we were granted $24.9 million or about $25 million of annualized revenues related to infrastructure surcharges. We are currently awaiting final orders for general rate cases in 2 states where we are requesting around $37 million in total additional annual revenues. And as Jeff mentioned, in 2012, our New Jersey subsidiary submitted and had approved a foundational filing for a distribution system improvement charge. The benefit of this filing for our customers and our shareholders is not expected until later in 2013 as we ramp up our infrastructure investment spend in New Jersey. Turning our attention now to water sales volumes. Total sales volumes increased 4.1% in 2012. As you can see, this increase in water sales volume was mainly driven by our residential customer class, which is up 5% from 2011, mainly as a result of warmer, drier weather in our Eastern states through July and Midwestern states into September; and also, our customers -- our commercial customer class, which is up 4.1% for the year. Also contributing to the increased sales volume was our increase in customers mainly from our New York acquisition. Turning now to Slide 13. Total operating expenses for 2012 increased approximately $89 million from 2011, driven by our increased consumption, acquisitions and a $7 million donation to the American Water Charitable Foundation. Let me take a minute and discuss the main categories on this chart. Production cost in the Regulated Business increased $12.2 million, driven mainly by an increase in purchased water cost, particularly in California and Illinois, which was a result of higher consumption. Our employee-related costs decreased almost $18 million, primarily due to higher capitalization and reduced headcount as a result of vacancies. Conversely, operating supplies and services did increase around $23.7 million for the year, primarily due to incremental contractor costs related to backfilling the vacancies that I just mentioned and incremental costs relating to the stabilization of our ERP conversion. Additionally, in 2012, there were also costs involved in projects to improve processes and operating efficiencies over the long term. As we've discussed previously, for 2013, our business transformation project will be rolling out the enterprise asset management system, which will manage an asset's life cycle, and our customer information system to better serve our customers. We will continue to keep you posted on our progress in these areas. Maintenance, materials and services, which includes emergency repairs, as well as cost for preventative maintenance increased $8 million. This is mainly attributable to increased preventative maintenance expenses throughout our regulated subsidiaries, including tank painting; meter testing; pump, tank and well maintenance; and paving costs. Operating expenses for our market-based business decreased slightly in 2012. This, combined with their revenue growth, produced an over 16% increase in our market-based pretax income from continuing operations. And lastly, we also experienced higher depreciation of around $30 million compared to the same period last year. This is due to our continued investment in needed infrastructure for our utilities. Finally, based on these strong results for the year and attention to cost controls, our regulated O&M efficiency ratio continues to improve. For 2012, stripping out the weather impact, the ratio stands at 40.7% compared to 42.7% for 2011. This is due to the great efforts of the employees throughout all of American Water. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back to Jeff for any closing comments before we open it up for your questions.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. Going to Slide 15, so besides EPS of $2.15 to $2.25 per share, what can you expect from us in this next year? First and foremost, we will maintain the same customer-centric dedication to providing safe, reliable water and wastewater services. We'll also continue to stay very active on the public policy and regulatory front, promoting constructive regulatory frameworks and continuing to address regulatory lag that impacts our return on investment. We plan to resolve 3 rate cases in the course of the year and file up to 4 general rate cases, as well as infrastructure surcharge filings. We will also continue our focus on operational efficiency and bolstering a culture of continuous improvement, effectively managing costs and leveraging processes and technology to create value. So the implementation of the SAP platform is an example. That is going to provide us greater transparency into our cost drivers. And the impact of the best practices that we will be able to study and understand that we have in one state and be able to transfer that to the rest of our operations. This will help us approve our regulated O&M efficiency ratio and meet our 5-year goal of having it below 40% in 2015, 1 or 2 years early. You can expect that we'll also continue to invest approximately $900 million to upgrade our systems, with the goal always being to balance these needed investments to ensure reliability with our concomitant rate impacts. Realizing savings and efficiencies from our supply chain initiatives will help us achieve greater efficiency of capital spend so we generate more dollar for each -- more value for each dollar invested. And there's just a fascinating array of examples that we have on the supply chain side of where we're finding opportunities. On our market-based businesses, we're focused on new offerings in existing markets and product and market line extensions. For example, we have now successfully piloted a program to provide gas and electric line protection programs, and we'll be rolling these out to existing customers of our water and service line protection products. We've also expanded homeowner services into more states and expect to have operations in 39 states by the end of the year. And we have a growing pipeline of additional military bases slated for privatization, though we recognize that this is not a fast process, as it usually takes 18 to 20 months for anyone to go from a bid to contracting stage. Finally, we also anticipate additional extensions in our regionalization strategy to help serve shale gas development in the Marcellus area. We will also continue to leverage technology and innovation through our innovation development process, which we've talked about in the past, and we'll look to commercialize these offerings. Recall that this innovation development process effectively creates a testbed where we can look at taking emerging technologies, allow them to be demonstrated in the hands-on environment of an operating utility. In return for doing that, and obviously, we control it through its process, we will have the opportunity to take an interest in that business and also to help ensure that we can deploy that technology effectively through our regulated and market-based operations. So in 2012, we did a lot of work leveraging the interdependency between water and energy. Earlier this year, we signed a joint development arrangement with a company that developed a standardized communications platform that creates interoperability among any meter manufacturers. In addition to seamlessly integrating different types of meters, this platform is able to receive many kinds of data from the water distribution network, including pressure, water quality, leak detection and flow, and not just meter data. This creates a powerful tool for meter reading and billing but also for the collection of real-time system data so that we can better manage and operate the distribution network, detect leaks and the like. Now this is just an example of the prospects we see coming from the innovation development process. We will also continue to offer the scale, scope and efficiency of American Water's operational water resource, environmental, supply chain and capital management expertise to other utilities through tuck-ins and acquisitions, as well as well-structured long-term market-based arrangements. All of our 2013 targets will anchor our long-term EPS growth range goal of 7% to 10%. We're pleased with the performance that we achieved in 2012 coming on the heels of also another great year in 2011, and we look to continue that momentum in 2013. With that, we'd be happy to take any questions you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Cole from Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Ellen, congrats on your retirement and finding a worthy successor.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thank you.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess, Jeff, just on, I guess, this process. I guess given your holdco structure, you obviously had an abundance of qualified internal candidates. And so what new skill set do you believe that Susan will bring to the organization, and how do you expect her to evolve the CFO position?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Very good question. What Susan brings to the table is, one, senior roles in a much larger company that has strong multistate experience. And her breadth of experience goes from everything, from all of the fundamental services that have financial impacts like supply chain and IT, et cetera, to the running of a business and the reporting of a CFO to her through that process, to being part of that management team and the financial acumen that she developed both through her school, through schooling, as well as through the roles that she had, which included oversight over a number of different functions, everything from the marketing and the derivative issues associated with that to rates. And what I think you'll find with Susan is that she is a very well-known commodity in the regulatory community with exceptionally high marks. And so it's that breadth that she brings, and I would say that, that breadth we're able to utilize because of the strength of the financial team that we have inside the company. Bill Rogers and Mark Chesla highlight really that -- our 2 key folks, bring enormous capacity and capability in the controllers function, and Mark is moving to be the Principal Accounting Officer. And in Bill's case, not just capital markets but also -- because that's second nature to him because of his background, but he also brings a strategic acumen. So I don't think about finance as a functional, narrow silo. I think about finance as a resource that enables the business to be the best that it can be. And the broader base the experience of the people that are in that area, the better able they are able -- they can provide that value while we also make sure that we've got the necessary and appropriate controls, accounting mechanisms and visibility, transparency into the financials of the company.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. That's actually a very good answer. And then should I also view this as it's CFO position today but likely evolving into maybe succession plans for you as well, your successor, sorry?
Jeffry E. Sterba: My succession plans are not even my subject, that's the board's. So what my objective is to ensure that when we have the opportunities to expand our skill sets, strengthen our bench, that we exercise those opportunities because they don't come around very often. And I think through a number of the hirings that we've done in the last 1.5 years, 2 years, probably with the exception of maybe them deciding to hire me, we've had great success. From Bill Rogers coming in as Treasurer, to a person that we hired, brought in recently to head supply chain who's got a wealth of experience as VP of supply chain in many companies from pharma to telecom, to the individual we've got running our continuous improvement in process excellence, Lean Six Sigma, to a new head of HR. In each of these cases, we have, I believe, enhanced our bench strength that gives us the ability to look at succession in a different way for a lot of positions. So I had the luxury of never being able to hold a job for about more than 18 months because I just kept getting moved to different things. And the result was I learned a lot about a lot of different pieces. That makes an executive much more effective, I think, particularly at the senior level. So to have people that have that broad-based experience, for Walter that have operated in the competitive world and now operate in the regulated world, that gives great exposure and experience to both of those markets which are different. So anytime we have the opportunity to enhance and strengthen our bench, I'm all for it.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Weisel from Macquarie Capital.
Andrew M. Weisel - Macquarie Research: Just one question on behalf of Angie Storozynski. Regarding the flow through tax accounting for repair cost in Pennsylvania, why haven't you changed your tax accounting for that?
Ellen C. Wolf: Thanks. Let me -- if I could just step back and give a little history on this. Let me start with the fact that we adopted this in 2008 on a system-wide, total company-wide basis. So we have had and will continue to have the cash benefit of this since 2008.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And really that goes back to 2005, right? Because...
Ellen C. Wolf: Right, right. To the extent we could identify any of those generated losses to prior years, we were able to do that. We have created out of this, plus other things that have happened over the years such as bonus depreciation, we have an NOL on our books of about $1 billion. And our goal is around maximizing cash. So what we wanted to do, my run to the normalization is really match when the benefit is given to our customer with when we actually receive the benefit on our taxes. And because we have NOLs, most of that benefit will be in the future, and that's when we are matching it with when we give the benefit to our customer.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Let me add just one thing. If you think about -- the way I look at it, obviously, I weren't around, when they had the foresight to take this action as early as they did, so we've picked up the benefit of this for our customers for now really going back to 2005, so 8 years. If you think about it, when you flow through something, yes, it flows through your income statement but it also flows through the rate-making treatment for that year. When you normalize it, it goes over time to the shareholder and to the customer, so it links the 2. For us, given that NOL position, if we flowed through, yes, you may get a bump in earnings in 1 year, but then you're going to reduce in the following year when you have the rate case occur. And for us, we operate in 16 states having a policy that works across all states, has worked well. We'll always take a look at new approaches. But what doesn't sound very attractive to me is to give the cash back to customers when we can't get the cash from the IRS for another 10 years because we've got the NOL carryforwards that are already keeping us from being a cash tax payer except for AMT. So for me, that's the real issue. If we were in a different tax position and didn't have the benefit of that NOL position, I may have a different approach to it.
Ellen C. Wolf: I'd also add, you can see the benefit of our doing the repairs and maintenance in our cash flow, it continues to grow stronger every year. And that's important to us as a company. It's important to our customers because it allows us to invest more in the infrastructure. It's important to our shareholders and customers in the sense of it's very low-cost financing.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, and it's what keeps us from having to issue other instrument that would be dilutive to your earnings.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Leslie Rich from JPMorgan.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: I wondered if you could go into a bit more detail on the New Jersey DSIC spending. I think you said it was $220 million of spending, and I'm just wondering over what period of time and how that actually rolls through your rates in terms of the timing of the true-ups and things.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, let me ask Walter to answer.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. In our foundational filing, we said we'd spend up to $220 million, that gets us to the 5% of revenue cap that we have. And that's over and above the $20 million each year of base spending. So that $220 million, we'll invest, and every 6 months, we'll do a filing, and then the commission wants 60 days to look at it, and then allow us to put it on the bills.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And that's over 3 years.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: The $220 million is over...
Walter J. Lynch: That's over 3 years, that's correct.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And I will tell you, we are looking at whether some of that should be advanced into a tighter period but it will be $220 million over no more than 3 years.
Leslie Rich - J.P. Morgan Asset Management, Inc.: And then you -- I'm sorry, could you go through the timing of how that actually rolls through rate?
Ellen C. Wolf: Sure, well, what happens is you file a filing with the commission, so similar to New Jersey where -- to Pennsylvania where you have a surcharge on the bill, you would have a surcharge on the bill for every 6 months for your filing and what you're authorized to spend and approved to spend. And then when you file your rate case, that surcharge rolls up into the normal rates.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Subbing in for Neil a little bit right now. Real quick, just a question on the dividend. How are you thinking -- I know you've kind of talked about the dividend increase, but how are you thinking about long-term dividend payout ratio policies? And can you put that in conjunction with your view on kind of credit metrics, target credit ratings and how you're thinking about managing capital overall over a multiyear period?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Let me address the dividends and have Ellen address that relative to the credit metrics. From the dividend side, our philosophy and belief is that -- because it's always a trade-off between what are you -- how you can invest that cash and how you can return that cash and the balance between the 2, is that we have targeted a payout ratio in the 50% to 60% range and to have the dividend grow at something close to what our rate of increase in earnings per share is. If you look at the early years after the company came back into the public markets, the dividend probably lagged a little bit. And so we took a step of an additional increase last year. We're now frankly a little below the 50% payout ratio and the yield has gone down as our stock has been bid up. We view that positively but we also will look at that long-term philosophy of paying 50% to 60% relative to how we go about dividend decisions in 2013 and forward.
Ellen C. Wolf: A couple of things to note. Our cash flow continues to get much stronger. That has helped contribute to covering our capital and also our dividend. Our shareholder base looks at a combination of both growth in the stock and growth in the dividend, and we'll continue to look at dividend growth in terms of the right balance for our shareholders, as well as for the company so that we can reinvest that money back into the business. I'd also like to add that because of the strong cash flow that we've had and our known dividend policy, both rating agencies have put us on positive outlook. So we continue to see the benefit of our focus around this area.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And just to reinforce what Ellen said, our focus there is on cash, not cap structure. It's not that we don't look at cap structure, we do, but it used to be that you had to really focus on cap structure and think about getting to a 50-50 or what have you to be in the BBB+ or to move up into the A category. I think the rating agencies in one sense are more focused and smarter about what they really ought to be looking at is cash flow and the security of that cash flow, while you have boundaries around the cap structure that probably aren't as tight as they were before. So we're not focused on thickening the equity ratio for the sole purpose of getting an increase in rate. It's just that there's just not value there. But all the things we're doing to drive cash flow improvement, those will have the same impact, we believe, with the rating agencies.
Ellen C. Wolf: And if I could also add, just our equity ratio continues to strengthen based upon the strength of our earnings. So as of year end, we're a little bit above 44% equity where we started much lower 3 years ago.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I think there used to be some analysts who are always nervous that we're going to issue equity to thicken the equity ratio, and that's just not -- we see no need to do that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Gerry Sweeney from Boenning.
Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: [Audio Gap] on your retirement. A quick question for you, Jeff. Obviously, with the hiring of Susan Story, she's got a lot of services experience, and you've talked about in the past always looking for some regulated-like programs. Are we going to see a little bit more additional focus in coming years on this, and maybe to rephrase it or to put a different way, what's your vision and strategy for this, the market-based opportunities? How is that going to develop and I sense there's stuff percolating under the surface, but I wanted to see what your thoughts were.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Relative to our market-based businesses, it's a small but important and growing part of our business. We demonstrated 16% increase year-over-year to '12, and I think it was higher than that in '11 to '12 -- I mean '10 to '11. So it's an important part of the business but it's not going to grow to be 30% of the business. It would have to grow exceptionally rapidly to just double its impact on our bottom line. We're focused on red light kinds of things. So certainly the businesses that we're in, which include the military services, the homeowner services, a revamped contract services group as we've talked about how we are not going to participate in the old traditional kinds of short-term based contract services groups, plus doing more frankly on the waste management side. As we expand in wastewater, we see more opportunities in solid waste management, and I don't mean trash, I mean the solid that come from wastewater, as well as reuse, which is effectively using the liquids that come from wastewater. So those we view -- I think about it in terms of logical business line extensions. At the same time, one of the things that we went out and said very early on was we're going to make sure that we get very good inside before we ever try to take anything outside. Because otherwise, it's a great recipe to get bad bigger -- bigger bad, and not get better. And so as we've increased, for example, our supply chain capability, is that something that we could also bring to the benefit of customers that are utilities, municipal utilities, that don't have access to the things we do, does it open other doors for us? Those are things that we'll explore, but I wouldn't -- I don't expect there to be any dramatic change in our risk profile, in the way that we think about the balance of our Regulated Business versus our competitive business. But do expect that, that focus on excellence will give us -- will open doors for what I'll call business line extensions, where you have adjacent opportunities rather than completely new opportunities.
Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And any comments on the revamped contract business? Obviously, there's always talk about 50,000-plus water systems in the U.S. There's pension issues, there's health care issues, in terms of payment of liabilities. Another thing that's sort of percolating under the surface, you see it now in town, thoughts on how that's developing?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think from day 1, or at least when I came, I kind of expressed the sentiment that a number of my senior level cohorts here had, which is this is a slow market to develop. It reminded me of the old fuel cell issue, that fuel cells will be here in 5 years, but it's always another 5 years. But I do believe that it's changed some because of the persistency -- the persistence of the financial issue. And whether it's driven by pension, whether it's just driven by the lack of revolving fund access from the federal government, the shrinking of that pot, the almost complete dearth of grants from the federal government, and states being in the same situation, I think communities are having to face a different set of challenges. And if they're interested in having someone like us operate their systems and be a part of their community, we're going to be very interested in doing that, whether we do that under a acquisition, which is generally a preference on our side because it fits with what we do well, or it's done under a longer-term contract, we're willing to look at that. So I think there are more cracks. I mean, even in last year, we acquired some municipal systems. I expect that, that will happen this year. And so I think we'll see more, instead of the private tuck-ins, we'll see a little more on the municipal side. But it's still not going to be farm gates get opened.
Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Sure. I mean from my perspective, I would look at it as an incremental growth avenue, 1%, 2% in a good year, or something like that.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Absolutely.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Reeder from Wells Fargo.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Ellen, congrats on the upcoming retirement. I am truly jealous but you've done some great work, since [indiscernible] you came back to the public market in 2008, so it's well deserved.
Ellen C. Wolf: Well, thank you, and I also want to thank you and everyone on the phone for their continued support for American Water. It's a great company.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Most of my questions have been asked already this morning but, Jeff, are you targeting any sort of improvement in the O&M ratio in 2013? I know you have the 2015 goal that you said you may even hit 2 years early, which would be by the end of this year. But do you have any sort of kind of internal target that we might want to build into the model?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, until you said the last phrase, it was a one-word answer. And so there's 2, the answer is yes, but no, I'm not going to tell you. Well, I don't mean to be funny or flip about it, but we do obviously have a number of targets that we focus on internally. They're not, they all -- they have caveats and they've got ties, and so it gets too complicated to try to explain all of those to the external market. But rest assured, we do have targets, and I feel good about the progress we'll continue to make on that front. And that we will beat the 40% by the end of '15 by 1 or 2 years.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I don't know if you can talk about the usage that you saw in 2012 absent the weather, was it similar to what you were forecasting going into the year, which I think was a decline of 0.7% to 0.8% on the residential side?
Ellen C. Wolf: Historically, what we've seen in terms of decline is about 1.5% to 2.5%. It's difficult to pull that out in any time frame, but in the off months, we do continue to see some decline.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Although it is -- we may see some leveling of that.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So your expectation for 2013?
Jeffry E. Sterba: It builds into it.
Ellen C. Wolf: It builds into the '13 number.
Operator: And I show no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn it back to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, let me just thank you all for joining us today. I want to thank Ellen again for everything that she's done for the company. And I'm going to give her the last word.
Ellen C. Wolf: All right. With that, this is a first. I just, again, I want to thank each and every one of you who are listening to this call for your continued support of American Water, for your in-depth questions -- they've kept us on our toes -- and your continuing to push us as we become each year a better and better company, so thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the American Water Fourth Quarter 2012 Results Conference Call. We would like to thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ellen C. Wolf - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President  Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy M. Winter - Gabelli & Company, Inc. Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the American Water's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through Thursday, November 15, 2012, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4567592. The online archive of the webcast will be available through December 10, 2012, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2012 Conference Call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about 1 hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings, which are available to the public on the company's Investor Relations website. With that, I'd now like to turn the call over to Jeff Sterba, our President and CEO.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. I appreciate you all joining us today, and I hope you're warm and dry after the nor'easter that has hit the Eastern part of the country over the last 24 hours, particularly right along the Coast. In fact, let me start by acknowledging the tremendous impact that Sandy had on most of the Northeast last week. As you all know, there's an unprecedented amount of damage and hardship to millions of people in large parts of our service territory, where we serve about 6 million folks. On a personal note, our hearts really go out to all of those folks that have been affected, and I'm going to talk about Sandy in a little more detail in a few minutes. But, particularly to our customers in the area, our investors and our employees, we have 20 employees who lost their homes in the storm. And we have many more who lost property, had damage done to their property or to their family members' property, and they're trying to deal with that as I'm sure some of you all are, too. So our hearts go out to that, and we're certainly committed to aiding the communities in the recovery from this damaging weather. On a brighter note, we again had very strong quarterly results, driven by consistent execution of the strategy that we've laid out. How we invest capital, the drive for operational excellence through developing a culture of continuous improvement, and focused growth in the markets within and outside of our existing footprint, as we've talked about before, it's all about execution. If you go to Page 5, you can see that revenues are up 9% or a little over 9% for the quarter. When you couple that with how we've managed our operating costs, for the last 12-month, regulated operating efficiency ratio is 40.9% compared to 44.9% for the prior 12 months. Now as you might imagine, this is impacted a bit by the abnormally hot and dry weather that we had in the summer that drove a greater increase in sales. That impact is probably about 60 basis points. So if you tried to weather normalize, if you will, that operating efficiency ratio, it may be around 41.5%, still a substantive improvement from the 44.9%. As you know, we have a goal of a 40% or being below 40% by 2015. Walter and I and the rest of the team will go out on a little bit of a limb and say we're going to beat that date based on the performance that we've had so far. Earnings per share from continuing operations is up almost 20% for the quarter and more than 30% year-to-date over the same period in 2010. Very strong cash flow from operations, which as you know, feeds our ability to spend capital and reinvest in our system. We're up about $160 million today or about a 27% increase over 2011 year-to-date. Our return on equity is at the highest level since the IPO, and it's now a little -- about 8.15%. Recall that the $1 billion of debt that sits at the parent level that was left from the RWE ownership where we got that, they took cash. That's kind of referred to as the gift that keeps on giving, that causes about a 100-basis-point drag on that return. So based on where we are after the third quarter and what we see for the balance of the year, we're reaffirming our earnings guidance of $2.12 to $2.22 per share for continuing operations, and the $0.13 to $0.16 per share range that is due to the increased sales from the abnormally hot and dry weather of the summer. So let me touch on a few other highlights on Slide 6. On growth, we continue to prepare for the introduction of our homeowner services to the New York City market. You'll remember from last quarter that we were selected by the New York City Water Board as the official service line protection provider, and that will be for about 600,000 homeowners. That program will get launched in the first quarter because they are installing a new CIS system, and we want to make sure that, that new system is up and running effectively before we start the launch since it will be going on that bill. On the shale gas, let me remind you that we're really focused on what I'll call a regionalization strategy. And it is geared around meeting the needs of the gas industry while also bringing water to areas previously not served with clean, treated water. This provides for us the near-term value from sales to the drillers and the long-term value of expanding our retail base while supporting regional economic development without taking on volumetric risk. This quarter, we entered into 2 more agreements -- these are with XTO Energy -- to construct pipeline. Each of them is roughly 1 mile. One is an 8-inch line, one's an 12-inch line, to supply water for shale gas drilling as well as to provide public water service to adjacent residential areas. This approach is similar to the contracts with Rex Energy that we told you about last quarter and you will continue to see more of this kind of expansion, particularly in our Southern -- or our Western systems, both Northwest and Southwest. On the regulated side, during the quarter and October, we completed 3 more tuck-ins with about 1,200 new customers. It means for the year that we had 8 tuck-ins for roughly about 8,000 people, not including the acquisitions that occurred in New York. On the regulatory front, you all know about the Illinois rate case decision. While we were disappointed in the return on equity that was granted, frankly, the rest of the rate case addressed all of the issues that we wanted to see addressed and we're comfortable with those outcomes. We remain concerned about the return that was allowed in that state but, quite frankly, you have to look at the case as a totality, and the balance of that case came out reasonably well. You also know that we had the cost of capital decision in California. Remember that unlike many of the other utilities, the return that was granted in that case is not subject to the adjustment that other utilities are experiencing or will be experiencing as of the first of the year, so it remains next year at the 9.99% rate with the thickened equity ratio. While it's a small case, let me just mention one decision that came out subsequent to the end of the quarter and that's Tennessee. I want to mention it not because of the dollar value but because of the change in process. About a year ago, or a little over a year ago, we did some changes, Walter made some changes in the management of that state because there were things that we felt we could do better there. In addition, the governor of Tennessee took an active interest in the regulatory process and made changes. The result is that within a 5-month period, we filed a case, reached settlement and had the rates approved. 5 months is a remarkable kind of standard for a rate case proceeding. And it was settled at a 10% return. So while it's a fairly small territory, we see it as a growth potential territory, and the kind of approach that we saw and the results that we saw in Tennessee give us good reason to thank and recognize why we are in Tennessee and want to stay there. For the year, we're on pace for a capital spend of approximately $925 million, again with no new equity except for the very small DRIP that exists. And we're also pleased with the new credit facility that was priced at A- spreads, which is above our current formal credit rating. Let me just close, before turning it over to Ellen Wolf, our CEO (sic) [CFO], who's going to go more details on our financials, to just spend a second on Sandy. We talk about capital investments directly benefiting our customers through improved reliability and quality. But I think what happened last week really proves that out during the hurricane and the follow-on northeaster. If you think about 85-mile an hour winds, 10 inches of rain and a couple of feet of snow in West Virginia, that's impacted our service areas in New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia and West Virginia. We serve about a total of 6 million people in those areas. Through the execution of emergency plans, the use of almost 200 generators due to the massive power losses, round-the-clock staffing and really in-depth coordination with federal, state and local agencies on both prep and recovery. Of those 6 million people, we have less than 2,000 customers that lost water service for any period. We had only minimal damage sustained by our facilities. And most importantly, there were no employee injuries. Sometimes this stuff gets taken for granted, but to me, it speaks volumes about the strength and capabilities of our company. I really couldn't be more proud of the people that helped make this happen, particularly when many of those employees are dealing with damage and destruction of their own personal property and their families. So again, we had a really solid quarter. Things continue to move positively forward. And I want to turn it over to Ellen for some more detail.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thank you very much, Jeff, and welcome to those of you who are joining us on the call today. Let me also add my thanks and praise to those many American Water employees and many other individuals whose actions enabled us to keep the water running throughout the hurricane and its aftermath. Thank you. Now turning to Slide 9. Let me describe the underlying factors that drove our third quarter results. As Jeff has indicated, for the third quarter, we continued to deliver very strong financial results with increases in revenues, net income and earnings per share, as well as continued improvement in our O&M efficiency ratio. For the third quarter ended September 30, 2012, we reported operating revenues of approximately $832 million, a $71 million or 9% increase over the revenue reported for the third quarter of 2011. Net income from continuing operations for the third quarter was approximately $154 million or $0.87 per common share, an approximate 20% growth over the prior year. A portion of the increase in revenues is associated with higher demand, primarily related to the warmer, drier weather in the second and third quarters of this year. We believe the estimated impact of the weather continues to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.16 per share for the 9 months ended September 30, of which $0.06 to $0.09 represents the impact during the first 6 months of the year. Net cash provided by operating activities for the 3 months ended September 30, 2012, was around $418 million compared to $313 million for the same period in '11, primarily, driven by the increases in operating revenues, changes in working capital and lower pension contributions. Now I'm going to discuss briefly the various components of our income from continuing operations, starting with revenues. But I'd like to remind you that our 10-Q for the third quarter is on file now with the SEC, and it has a much more detailed analysis of both the revenues and expenses. Overall revenues increased approximately $71 million, with the revenues from our Regulated Businesses increasing approximately $68 million or around 10% from the third quarter of 2011. The increase in revenues was primarily driven by rate increases related to our continued investment in infrastructure and higher customer demand in our Midwest and Eastern states over the prior year. For the third quarter, the impact of these -- the 2012 impact of these rate increases was approximately $35 million. The increase in revenues associated with higher demand amounted to approximately $18 million for the quarter. In addition, in the third quarter, revenue increases from acquisitions. Primarily our New York acquisition was approximately $12 million. For our market based businesses, revenues for the third quarter of '12 remained relatively flat compared to the same period in '11. Turning to Slide 11, as you know, our ability to invest in our infrastructure is driven by our ability to earn an appropriate rate of return in our investments. The extent to which requested rate increases will be granted by the applicable regulatory agencies will vary. Slide 11 shows rate increases that have been filed and those that are awaiting final orders, as well as rate cases and infrastructure surcharges that have been recently granted. Year-to-date, we have been awarded through general rate cases approximately $118 million of annualized rate increase. Additionally, we received another $15 million of annualized rate increases related to infrastructure surcharges. To date, we have filed 2 of the 4 rate cases, which are scheduled to be filed in 2012, Tennessee and Virginia. As Jeff mentioned, Tennessee has been approved. And in Virginia, we are awaiting a final order for the general rate case. A proposed combined settlement of $2.6 million is currently pending approval by the commission. Also, in July, our California cost of capital application was approved retroactive to January 1, 2012, and provided additional revenues of $4.4 million. And finally, our New Jersey subsidiary submitted a foundational filing for a distribution system improvement charge. The filing was approved on October 23. The benefit from this filing, both for our customers and our shareholders, should begin sometime in 2013. Turning our attention to water sales volumes. Total company sales increased approximately 8% for the 3-month period ended September 30 from the prior year. This increase in water sales volume was driven, as you can see, by our residential customer class, which is up 9.7%. Both for the current year and year to date, the historic decline we have been experiencing in customer usage was offset by increased usage related to weather, primarily again in our Eastern states and our Midwestern states. Also contributing to the increased volume sold was the additional consumption resulting from our New York acquisition. The total company operating expenses for 2012 third quarter increased by around $24.7 million or 5.2% from the 2011 third quarter and 2.7% for the last 9 months. For our Regulated Business, O&M expenses increased $11.6 million or by 4% from the 2011 third quarter. However, it should be noted for the year, regulated O&M expenses are relatively flat versus prior year. Overall, we manage our expenses with an eye to total cost, and at times, cost increases in one area -- they will increase in one area, while decreasing in other areas. In fact, year-to-date, regulated expenses versus prior year would have decreased if not for the increase in production and purchased water expenses related to the increase in system delivery, which we've discussed earlier. We also experienced higher depreciation expense of $7.9 million or 8.9% increase compared to the same period last year due to additional utility plant placement service of over $700 million. Based on our strong results for the year and attention to cost control, our regulated O&M efficiency ratio continues to improve. For the last 12 months, stripping out the 2012 weather effect, the ratio stands at around 41.5%, a 230 basis point improvement over the year-end 2011 ratio. Based on that and looking at our outlook for 2012, based on our year-to-date performance, our continued focus on expense control and continuing to receive appropriate returns on our needed investment, as Jeff mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2012 earnings guidance to be in the range of $2.12 to $2.22 per share. This estimate assumes a normal weather pattern for the balance of the year and does not include any impact from Hurricane Sandy. Based upon our initial review, we do believe the damages from the hurricane are not material to American Water and, therefore, should not have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flow. Upon completion of the evaluation of the damages and any associated business interruption losses, claims will be submitted to our insurance carriers. We anticipate that expenses, which are not covered by insurance are likely recoverable through the rate-making process on a state-by-state basis. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back to Jeff for closing comments before opening it up to your questions.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. We always end on Slide 16, which talks about the expectations you can hold us accountable for. I'm not going to go through these in any detail because, frankly, they've either already been achieved, as you know, or significant progress has been made. There are none that I at this time have concern will not be achieved by the end of the year. So with that, Ellen, Walter Lynch, our Regulated Operations head and myself will be happy to stand for any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess, first, with, like, starting with trying to get to a clean 2012. And so we need to adjust the guidance for $0.13 to $0.16 for weather. And is there any other nonrecurring items that we should put into our numbers when we think about the 2013 growth?
Ellen C. Wolf: I would say at this point in time, the only thing really is weather, which is driving the high results for 2012. And yes, when you look at '13, you need to normalize for weather. And I put the word "normal" in quotes.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. And that's why we gave you the information on the $0.13 to $0.16.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, there's nothing on the O&M side or anything else that we need to adjust?
Jeffry E. Sterba: No.
Ellen C. Wolf: No.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Then when do you expect to give 2013 guidance?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, we've given it in -- well, last year, we gave it in mid-February, and we'll probably do it in the same time. Although I must say that Ellen has a different theory about when we should give guidance. Ellen, would you care to?
Ellen C. Wolf: All right. You really are going to have me do this?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes.
Ellen C. Wolf: All right, so the -- I can't believe -- the theory is that the Mayan calender has the destruction of the Earth in 2012, so at this point, we're not sure we need '13 guidance.
Jeffry E. Sterba: We do have some concern about Ellen believing in the Mayan calendar and hopefully, none of us are going to be the sacrificial lamb as in Mayan culture, but -- sorry, we just had to laugh.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Jeff, I guess given that you spend a lot of time on policy in Washington. I guess under the Obama administration, do you expect any water rules to be expedited or further -- I guess, further tightened over the next 4 years?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I think there clearly will be -- I think, and it really is not administrative-dependent, there's going to be a continued focus on water. And I think Rule 316(b) on the power plant side, which has a direct impact on water, is still outstanding. It won't come out in a ruling until next year. There is going to be again a focus on infrastructure and the need for infrastructure. There was a great article in Bloomberg just yesterday of the fact that I think that if you didn't see it, that raises this issue again. And the reality is it can't be done by the federal budget. So the more that I talk to folks up there, the more that it seems to be well understood. They've got to do something on infrastructure, and it can't be done by the federal government. So other than that, I honestly, or one good thing that is going to come out, and in fact, it already has come out, is that the EPA is finally, going to allow water utilities to give their -- the quality notices that we have to literally send to every customer, they're going to allow us to do that electronically. And in one sense that's small, and in another sense it's big. It's recognizing that this just isn't a bureaucratic process. It's about giving customers information. I don't think you're going to see major impacts on addition of new contaminants. There's a fair amount of work already being done on the emerging contaminants.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Michael Roomberg with Ladenburg Thalmann.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Jeff, I just want to start off. I was particularly interested in your comments on Tennessee. Can you just kind of give us an update or an overview of what the -- I guess the competitive landscape is there? Who are the purveyors of water services in the state? Just I guess in the hopes of getting a better understanding of the long-term opportunity for you guys there.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, the private water supplier is really us. All the rest of both water and wastewater is really done by municipalities, some of which are really starting to struggle, or they're subdivisions of the state, some of which we've got interconnections with and good relations with. Walter, what would you add?
Walter J. Lynch: Absolutely, Jeff that's it. We're largest by far. There's some smaller providers there, but we're the big player within Tennessee. And we do have a lot of interconnections, and we're looking to expand in that area.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. Got it, okay. Just kind of some detail on the quarter, if I could. The volume was up and that was encouraging. I'm aware that mostly residential consumers are the most susceptible or kind of affected by weather. But we were encouraged to see that your commercial, your public and your industrial consumption were all up as well for the second consecutive quarter. I'm just wondering if you can kind of drill down into the factors that drive demand amongst those consumers and whether we can kind of chalk that up to weather as well or perhaps some type of some other dynamic, like economy or otherwise?
Jeffry E. Sterba: There's really 2 pieces: one is customer growth and the other is consumption per customer. But frankly, we are seeing an uptick in customer growth, particularly in our commercial area, which is something we really haven't seen for the last 3 years or so. But this year, commercial customer growth has moved up well over 1%, and residential customer growth is also up. So that's a positive sign. Ellen, on the use per customer side?
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Again, on the use per customer, that continues to decline, although this time it's been offset by...
Jeffry E. Sterba: Residential customer.
Ellen C. Wolf: Residential offset. On the commercial, industrial and public, most of that, other than customer growth, they're use per customer in those 3 areas of the state is fairly flat. So this is somewhat weather-dependent.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And about 48% of our sales is commercial, industrial and public, other.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, other. 56% or so is from residential.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's very helpful color. Last question, on the XTO contract and kind of just your overall strategy in the shale plays. My understanding is that's part of your Regulated Business, is that correct?
Walter J. Lynch: That's correct.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And is that part of your rate base then? Or is it customer advances? How do you kind of account for that?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it ends up going into rate base, but customer advances, obviously, is applied against that or is a net to that. But yes, it goes through the regulatory process. And that's why under those transactions, frankly, we really aren't taking volumetric risk. As we add those customers or add those points of interconnection, the costs roll in, they're paying retail price for water. And as I told you all before, that doesn't mean we won't do things off on the unregulated side to serve those customers. But we think we really get a double bang when we can do it under this kind of a structure because we get the long-term benefit of residential growth as well as overall economic development. I mean, that's what going to a position us to serve a big area that's growing in parts of the -- particularly Southwest Pennsylvania, that we'll see long-term economic growth and in the areas that we currently don't serve. So with each of these, Michael, what we effectively do is we then -- we are -- we go into the commission with a -- to get a certificate of territory expansion. And that's the other hidden amount -- I won't call it hidden -- but that's the other locking-up our long-term value that we develop.
Ellen C. Wolf: So the thing to know, Michael, is that the pipe has 2 purposes: it supplies water to the drillers, but it also is supplying water to residents and customers that are there for the long term.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can you refresh us on where you are with the DSIC Mechanism in New Jersey? What's left from a regulatory perspective? And when should we assume those impacts?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Walt?
Walter J. Lynch: We filed the foundational filing back in July, and we had it approved on October 23. So it took roughly the 90 days that we anticipated. And right now, we're investing for that foundational filing. And as Ellen said, we're going to be recognizing the benefits of those sometime in '13.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And Neil, we've said that probably there's -- about roughly how much additional investment that will be made in this next year?
Walter J. Lynch: In the filing -- yes, in the filing, we had a 3-year period of about $220 million.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. That is helpful. And then some more modeling-specific question. How do you think about long-term tax rate? You've been tracking around 40%. Is that the right number? And when is the earliest you would be paying cash taxes here?
Ellen C. Wolf: Right now, we've looked at our effective rate of around 40%. Probably we've ranged historically between 38% and 41% or 42%. Right now, we have NOL of around $1 billion and we look at that lasting anywhere out 8 to 10 years.
Jeffry E. Sterba: The only thing I'd add on that, Neil, is who knows what gets done in the next set of years? But one of the areas where there is an agreement between the parties is on corporate tax reduction, rate reduction. And that would extend out the 8 to 10 years.
Ellen C. Wolf: Right. That's correct.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally, on pension here, how should we think about the drag of pension post-2012, both from a cash perspective and then also from an income statement perspective?
Ellen C. Wolf: A couple of things have happened. As you know, the [indiscernible] rules are changing as it relates to calculating that liability and, therefore, will have an impact on that cash flow for us beginning in '13. So we are taking a look at that. If you could predict the market for the next 2 months, I might be able to answer that question with a little more certainty. It was doing fine for a while, but we really don't know what's going to happen in the last 2 months. And we do assume these cap rates will continue to decline.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Tim Winter with Gabelli & Company.
Timothy M. Winter - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: A really good quarter. Ellen, I didn't really understand the comment about 2013 guidance. Do you plan on giving guidance at some point for 2013?
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Sorry, Tim. We will be giving guidance in probably at the same -- in February as we've done historically.
Timothy M. Winter - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And then I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about your military base business, the nonregulated part. If you could give us -- is that business currently profitable? Do you see opportunities? Or where are you there?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, that business is profitable. It's a very disciplined business that, frankly, creates some ideas that we are transplanting over into our Regulated Operations. There has been a slowdown in the issuance of RFPs over the last couple of years for base privatization, and we are seeing that dramatically turn. The number of notifications for potential privatization has increased. There are bids outstanding at this stage, but remember these are fairly long processes. They take 16, 18, 24 months from the time that the RFP has left until the time that an award is made. One of the things that slowed that business down was that in the law, the original law, there had been a provision that basically said there had to be a 10% savings to the federal government. The problem is it's 10% from what? And so the way it had been developed was it was 10% from what they were spending. Well, they weren't doing -- they weren't spending appropriately and so that was not a good baseline. We got that law changed in December of last year, and that's what has helped now move forward a new round of RFPs. So we're very bullish on that business. It will be a growth piece for us. There are -- we're the largest provider at this stage, with 10 bases. But there's, obviously others that are in this space and it's -- which is a good thing. It keeps us all on our toes.
Timothy M. Winter - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Jeff, just one final question on that. Those 10 bases, do you participate in, like, construction of projects there that...
Jeffry E. Sterba: Oh, yes. Oh, yes. And what you typically see is that when a base comes online and is awarded, you have a pretty big chunk of catch-up because of the things that just haven't done and they need to be done and so you end up with capital dollars. So we operate the facilities, but we also manage all of the construction that's done. And so you end up with annual awards for the construction as well as the operation and maintenance. The amount of construction will vary year-to-year based on budgets and based on where those bases stand. And again, the biggest amount of construction that you'll see will be in the first 3 to 5 years of the contract because that's when you're playing catch-up, and then you're going into a more steady state construction environment.
Timothy M. Winter - Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then did we have -- I don't know. This will be my last question. Did we have an earning and bottom line impact from that business for either the 3 or 9-month period?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, it's included in our earnings from the market based businesses. We don't break them out separately between the businesses because, quite frankly, they're fairly small across-the-board. They add up to a reasonable impact, but we don't give the individual business line detail.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gerry Sweeney with Boenning & Scattergood.
Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: A quick question on the rate cases that are pending and you expect to file. I know you can't necessarily go on the specifics on states. But just taking a look at the number of pending rate cases, probably the smallest we've seen in several years from American Water, any type of thoughts on how many rate cases you plan to file in 2013? Or is it going to be -- are you shifting more towards some of DSIC mechanism so we can see -- may see a little bit more of a lag between rate cases in certain states? Any type of granularity on that would be great.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, Gerry, let me make a few comments, and Ellen or Walter may add something. Remember that one of our big focuses has been to move to single-tariff pricing. And so as we have had success -- and really what that means is that as we used to have to file individual cases for certain territories and states. As we move to single-tariff pricing, that has collapsed those into one filing per state. So that reduces the number of cases that may actually be filed. The second thing is the DSIC mechanisms, which is the major focus because, obviously, it reduces regulatory lagging, et cetera. So you're seeing more focus on those kinds of mechanisms -- this type of mechanisms. And then rate cases, they may need to be less frequent, a little more time in between.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Let me -- to further Jeff's point, in California, for example, we now do one rate filing, where historically we would do about 3 a year. Now we do 1 every 3 years. In addition, on the infrastructure surcharge, the power of that can be seen in particular this quarter, where year-to-date we've had 118 in general rate case awards, but $15 million more in DSIC. So probably about 12% or 13% of our rate increases are now coming through this DSIC mechanism.
Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's generally what I thought. Then one other quick question, on the New York Service Line Protection Program. I apologize. I'm not sure how much granularity you have on the Q. I didn't get a chance to get into it. But I think there are 600,000 customers that -- or potential customers, I should say. How big of a market is this compared to the rest of the service line protection that you're currently involved with?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, we look at it as it's basically another New Jersey. Because in New Jersey, we have service line protection on the bill. It's about the same number of customers or territory, if you will, and fairly similar characteristics. And New Jersey is one of our very attractive markets for service line protection. We've got a lot of customers that take multiple services, water, sewer, indoor plumbing. And we're also rolling out electric and water.
Gerard J. Sweeney - Boenning and Scattergood, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then finally, one last question, in terms of Sandy. North New Jersey and I think Long Island, probably 2 hardest hit areas. Obviously, I haven't necessarily seen it. You only see it on the news. But I'm not sure how much damage there was to maybe some of your operating areas. Any potential for the long-term damage that may reduce consumption in the 2013? Or any thoughts on that or is that just still way too early?
Walter J. Lynch: Walter. We're not seeing any long-term issues there with the supply to our customers. And as Jeff said in his prepared comments, our employees did a tremendous job moving generators around to make sure that we continue with our service. But we don't see any impact really long-term in any water supply issue.
Jeffry E. Sterba: The one area Walter, may be like the barrier island, but that's such a small.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, on the barrier island, we do believe we may have lost a few customers. Their homes were probably wiped out, but that's a very, very small percentage of our total customer base.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of David Paz with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question actually just to follow up on the previous question regarding rate cases. Should we kind of think about the incremental revenue in '13 being effectively from what you were awarded in '12 and of course, the DSICs?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, remember, first, we'll go into detail when we're going to give guidance in February. We've got rate cases. As we've said, there'll be 2 more filed this year, and there will be some rate case activity next year, but most of them take a bit of time to get processed. So I think as you look at that, you can kind of time out. Because any case that's going to be filed in April or May next year, is not -- you're going to have minimal, if any, impact on 2013.
Ellen C. Wolf: And also to remind you, we will continue to do the DSIC filing, which we will have in Pennsylvania, Missouri and other states. As well as for the first time, we will have that filing in New Jersey.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And speaking of the DSICs, how it relates to CapEx, I think in your -- maybe in your release, you said for '12, you expect $925 million of CapEx. But in '13 still your typical $800 million to $1 billion range, is that correct?
Ellen C. Wolf: That's correct, and we'll give more guidance on that number when we do our guidance for 2013. But it will be within that range.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It will be in that range. Okay. Oh, and the last question, just on sales. I apologize if you gave this earlier, but do you have a sense of how weather-adjusted sales were on a percentage basis, excluding the New York acquisition, so if we were just looking year-over-year, particularly residential?
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, the New York acquisition would not have impacted that by quite a bit. New York, as a whole, is in that other category, when you look at somewhere below probably 3% or even less of our revenue as a company.
Jeffry E. Sterba: And that's all of New York.
Ellen C. Wolf: That's all of New York.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So then weather-adjusted sales in the residential?
Ellen C. Wolf: It's not that much. It wouldn't impact that percentage increase by very much at all.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. But I'm sorry. So what is the actual percentage increase weather-adjusted at residential level?
Ellen C. Wolf: We talk about it on a total. And if you'll remember what we talked about was the impact on EPS, is between $0.13 to $0.16.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And so you're -- and in terms of customer usage it's still, excluding weather, you're still about 0.5% and 1.5% annual decrease, is that fair?
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, it varies by state. But that's the correct. That's an average.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heike Doerr with Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to go back to this topic of regulation. Jeff, when you first joined American Water, you had talked about on a more macro level changing kind of the fundamental structure. I wonder if you could give us an update on how you see the receptiveness of commissions regarding some of these mechanisms like addressing declining consumption. And as you a look out into 2013, '14, are there states that you have targeted to expand, things like DSIC?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I think, by and large, there has been receptivity, and it's the different kinds of things. I mean, we've filed in virtually every proceeding, and in some cases, it shouldn't be in a rate case it needs to be in a different type of proceeding to address declining use. Or to address mechanisms to encourage the investment of capital without a regulatory lag so that we can do the things that's needed on the infrastructure side. So I think, by and large, they're always -- there's hesitancy about doing something that they haven't done before, even if it's being done somewhere else. We are seeing improvement in people thinking about future test years. We had legislation passed, so that's facilitated in Pennsylvania. We have good success in that in Illinois. So I -- it's never what you want it to be, Heike, but it's I think most commissions are moving in the right direction. Let me put it that way. And are there certain jurisdictions that we have targeted for different things? Yes. That's something that we talked to the commissioners about first, but that's -- we certainly have a plan about the next set things that we want to get done.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And is there any way for you to quantify for us what kind of opportunity exists in the Marcellus for additional projects like the one you announced this quarter?
Jeffry E. Sterba: What gas price? I mean, that's the problem.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: It can't hurt to ask, right?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Right. I wish that we knew the answer. I mean, what we're pleased about is that we have not one but multiple drillers that are interested in working with us on the kind of approaches that we -- these regionalization approaches, as well as ongoing discussions on more directed specific kinds of projects that will either be associated with cleanup of produced water or on the provision of significant water for drilling. But it's a very difficult one to predict.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Roomberg.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to touch on the Allentown contract. You guys were recently approved as bidders, and I think that they've gone ahead and are allowing bids to be submitted. I'm just wondering, first of all, when the kind of timeline that you expect this to play out. Obviously, it's not exactly clear, I'm sure even for you. And then secondly, I just wanted to kind of pick your thoughts a bit about what will be the key criteria that you think the city will be looking at and how you are competitively positioned to win that bid.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, frankly, those are great questions, Michael, for you to ask them. It's the schedule -- they have a -- there's a form of contract, but they haven't issued the RFP beyond the qualification stage. So until you get that, it's a little difficult to understand the schedule. I think in their eyes, it's a value question. It's what are they're going to get as cash upfront for the system for someone to operate those systems? We see some opportunity to improve operations in those systems, but they're not terrible systems. They've done a reasonable job. They've got a capital constraint. So I think prices, as you would expect, is going to be a significant issue. But that's about all I can say at this stage as we're still working through our strategy, and part of it is depending on what the criteria are that are in the RFP.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Right. I mean, just not to belabor, I mean, but do you think that other criteria, being a public company or having a certain credit quality or capitalization structure or even just your local regulated footprint, will kind of be a factor?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I have no doubt that other criteria will be taken into account. I don't think that -- these decisions are -- they are multi-faceted because it's a long-term decision. How they will weigh those factors, we can't really judge or comment on because it's they're waiting. But I do believe that they will be cognizant of the other factors.
Walter J. Lynch: And we're great guys.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Right, right. okay. From a bigger picture perspective, does this represent a potential model, if you will, of course, if it's successful to kind of realize the long elusive dream of the water utility industry to kind of grow the privatized footprint?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, Michael, it is a model. It is one of a couple that we are seeing more frequently in the market. And I really think that we're going to see some diversity in the models that can be applied to the municipal side. This is one that we do believe in. We think it's got some power. I think there's been some challenges, for example, the city originally felt that the state was going to regulate price. They've now been advised by the General Counsel that the state will not do that because the ownership of the system is still with the city. So I think that changes a little bit of the emphasis about who will play and who's got what, just because of the business strategies. So it will vary by state to state. But I think it clearly is a model that will have some legs.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions. I'll turn the call back to Mr. Sterba for closing remarks.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I just thank you all again for joining us, and I know you joined us in thoughts and concerns for the folks affected by the hurricane. And we look forward to seeing you. If we don't see you before Thanksgiving, have a great holiday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our conference for today. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives:  Ed Vallejo - VP, IR Jeff Sterba - President & CEO Walter Lynch - President & COO, Regulated Operations Ellen Wolf - CFO & SVP 
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company Gerard Sweeney - Boenning & Scattergood Brian Chin - Citigroup Steve Fleishman - Bank of America Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo  
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the American Water Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the Company's website www.amwater.com. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through Friday, August 10, 2012 by dialing 303-590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 4548322. The online archive of the webcast will be available through August 31, 2012 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the Company's website located at www.amwater.com. At this time, all participants have been placed into a listen-only mode. Following the management's prepared remarks, we will then open the calls for questions. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to introduce your host for today's call Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Ed Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and welcome to American Water's 2012 second quarter earnings conference call. As usual we will keep our call to about an hour and at the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates. However, since these estimates deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. These risk factors are set forth in the Company's SEC filings which are available to the public in the company’s investment relations website. With that I would now like to turn the call over to Jeff Sterba, our President and CEO. 
Jeff Sterba:  Thanks Ed. Good morning all and thanks for joining us this morning. In addition to Ed, I have also got with me Ellen Wolf our Chief Financial Officer and Walter Lynch, President of the Regulated Operations. It's great to speak with all of you as we announce very strong quarterly results and our most recent consistent string of record setting quarterly earnings reports. Underlying the performance for the quarter is frankly one thing, consistent execution of our strategy. From investing appropriate capital to manage supply and delivery issues and that’s particularly given though weather challenges and drought conditions that we are facing throughout the country. To drive operational expertise through developing a culture of continuous improvement and to growing our market based opportunities within and outside of our footprint is really execution that counts. All the while keeping the essential regulated feel of our cash flows our risk profile that you would expect when investing in the water utility sector while providing multiple avenues for solid growth. So to summarize the quarter on slide five, you can see we have delivered very strong second quarter and year-to-date results and 11.5% increase in revenue quarter-over-quarter was coupled with solid cost control that resulted in an operating efficiency ratio for the last 12 months of 41.7% compared to 45.2% for the prior 12 months. These two items fueled a 56% increase in earnings per share from continuing operations quarter-over-quarter or more than a 42% increase for the first six months compared to the same period if 2011. We saw similar improvements in cash flow from operations with the 67% and 21% increase for the quarter in six months respectively. And this provided an additional $55 million of internal cash so far this year to help fund our regulated investments. This all reflects in our earned ROE which for the last 12 months increased almost a full percentage point over the prior 12 month period and as you know in May our Board of Directors increased its quarterly cash dividend payments which is payable in September by 8.7%. Also based on our performance so far and prospects for the balance of the year we are increasing our earnings guidance for 2012. The range that we have had in place for the year is a $1.90 to $2 per share. We estimate that the company’s 2012 earnings now will be in the range of $2.12 to $2.22 per share for continuing operations. Assuming normal weather patterns for the balance of the year and by that I mean from August going forward. Included in that range of 212 to 222 is $0.13 to $0.16 per share which is our best estimate of what we think is associated with increased pumpage experienced throughout the end of the July due to weather both in parts of our eastern operations as well as particularly the mid-west. So, we are increasing our guidance range by $0.22 a share of which 60% to 70% is weather related and the balance is improved in our baseline performance. The mid-point of the new range translates into about a 22% increase in earnings per share from continuing ops over 2011 and roughly a 14% increase once you take out what we have indicated or likely impacts of weather through July. So turning to page six, let me touch on some of the highlights since our last quarterly review which that helped fuel some of this earnings performance. As you know we closed on the New York acquisitions in the sale of our systems in Ohio. I am very pleased with how this positions us from a cost, growth and regulatory perspective. I think this was truly a transaction that benefits both of the parties. We also have completed the purchase of four tuck-ins during the quarter and we signed a public, private partnership agreement to install new order lines to bring high quality public water to a community in Pennsylvania that is struggling with contamination from waterborne pollutants. This solution which is we think one of the ways in which we really do help our customers is the partnership between our Pennsylvania subsidiary, the township and the Department of the Environmental Protection in Pennsylvania. Also in Pennsylvania we recently entered into an agreement with Rex Energy to build about a 3.5 mile water pipeline extension in Butler County that’s geared to support shale gas development. With construction of a booster station, this extension will also provide local residents who currently rely on private wells. The option to receive public water service and support, potential future commercial and residential development projects in this area. Through June of this year we have provided about the same amount of water to Marcellus drillers as we did in all of 2011. On another note something we announced yesterday that we are very pleased and proud about our home owner service subsidiary has entered into a five year contract with the City of New York to provide the 600,000 home owners in its boroughs with the opportunity to purchase water and sewerage line protection. This is the largest U.S. City of offer this kind of service contract to its residents and we expect to launch that program before the end of the year. The arrangement provides us access to the New York customers as well as it allows us to utilize the Cities water Bill, experience shows that these two kinds of elements lead to a significantly higher market penetration rate. On the regulatory front rate cases have been resolved in three states during and subsequent to the quarter and one new case has been filed. The decisions received in California in the general rate case which was for 2012 through ‘14 but the cost of capital case and our proposal to remove the San Clemente Dam are particularly important because they provided resolution for issues that were outstanding for some time. The decision in the San Clemente Dam removal is significant as it enables us to provide a positive environmentally friendly outcome in a manner that ensures full cost recovery. In addition you know that the in New Jersey the commission approved the implementation of a DSIC or the rules associated there with and we have now made the foundational filing to accelerate the rate at which we can invest in our systems there. If this filing is approved which we would expect to appear within 90 days, this could result in the investment of an additional $140 million over the next two years to help improve the underground infrastructure in New Jersey. Our drive to create a culture of operational excellence and continues improvement is frankly is really taking hold and it is just, it's tickling to see how our people are responding to the number of initiatives that we have and frankly helping create them. I think a number of indicators of that are flat operating cost trends, substantively improving operational efficiency ratios and also going live earlier this week on the first phase of our business transformation effort which you will recall is the implementation of SAP foundational platforms. The ones that we have taken live this week involve our financial systems and the human resource management systems. These are always bumpy roads, I have been through them before, you all have seen companies go through these and there are always a challenge because it's not just new systems but you are changing the way think you are causing them to do something different than they have done for years and that’s a process of change. We recognize and full expect that we will encounter some of the same kinds of productivity declines that any other company implementing this kind of a massive change goes through but I am just tickled and pleased with the way our folks have been able to get to this point and doing everything else relative to the business that we have asked them. Now before Ellen goes through our financial performance in more detail I would like Walter to give you a brief update on the weather and its impacts on us on our overall system condition. Walter?
Walter Lynch : Thank you Jeff. So as we all know, part of the story this quarter is weather and we can go to slide seven, this mat shows the extended drought throughout the country. The yellow shades are areas of moderate to severe drought and the red shades are areas of extreme drought. You can also see the blue areas on the slide which indicate our service territories. Generally, our water supply across the countries are in good shape, providing reliable services fundamental to our business and this quarter the record heat and lack of rainfall in many of our states have posed some challenges but only in limited cases we have potential water supply issue. I want to talk about a few of those now, in Pennsylvania there is a drought watch in effect for 15 western counties. We serve customers in nine of those counties and there are no restrictions in place at this time. Our reservoirs were at normal levels at this time of year. In Missouri, the states encouraging water conservation, the Merrimack River which is one of our sources supply for St. Louis County is at historic low levels but there are no restrictions at this time. Also in Joplin, Missouri we have issued voluntary water conservation request and we are asking that our customers conserve water during this time. Indiana is under a state wide drought watch but we have adequate supply at this time. But we can’t control the weather we can and do prepare for it, and this is where American Water truly has some great stories to tell, for example in Joplin, Missouri we installed the new gate system on top of our dam to increase its depth by 2 feet and this allowed approximately 68 million gallons of water to the reservoir. Also in Missouri, when the process of installing additional intake pumping capacity in the Merrimack River, this work will be completed in the next few days and it's well ahead of when we estimate it will lead to the river level continue to fall. Central Kentucky, a new treatment plant and facility that opened in 2012 has kept our company well ahead of demand despite the extreme weather they have experienced there. This really shows the value of our long term planning. This plan addressed the long term water supply challenges in Central Kentucky. But it's more than our investment and our systems that keep our service reliable. It's also our outstanding employees. In West Virginia, in late June, storms paralyzed the state leaving approximately 700,000 residents without power which means you don’t pump water. Our crews worked round the clock with emergency generators and other equipment to ensure continuous flow of water to our customers. We are very proud of the reference and accomplishments. Now I would like to turn the call over to Ellen and she is going to provide some details on our financial performance.
Ellen Wolf: Thank you very much Jeff and Walter and welcome to those of you for joining us on the call today. Let me take a few moments now to describe the underlying factors that drove our second quarter results. As always built around our commitment to ensure reliable service to our customers and results to our shareholders. Turning now to slide nine, as Jeff indicated for the second quarter, we delivered very strong financial results with increases in revenues, net income and earnings per share as well as continued improved in our O&M efficiency ratio. These results were driven by our teams commitment to strategies that focus on investing needed capital, providing value to our customers, controlling costs and as well as previously mentioned hot dry weather. For the second quarter ended June 30, 2012 we reported operating revenues of approximately $746 million a $77 million or 11.5% increase over the approximately $669 million reported for the second quarter of 2011. Income from continuing operations for the second quarter was approximately a 117 million or $0.66 for common share compared with around 75 million or $0.42 per share in 2011 or an approximate 56% growth over the prior year. As Jeff mentioned earlier hot and dry weather in a number of our states led to record pumpage which had a significant impact on earnings. We believe that this may have added in the range of $0.06 to $0.09 to earnings per share for the second quarter. Growth and cash flow also showed solid growth for the quarter. Net cash provided by operating activities for the three months ended June 30, 2012 was around a $169 million compared to around a $101 million for the second quarter in 2011 mainly due to the increase and operating revenues and changes in working capital. Now I would like to discuss the various components of our income from continuing ops starting of course with revenues. Revenues from our regulated business increased by a net of around $73 million or around 12% from June 30, 2011 to ’12 driven mainly by new rates awarded and various surcharges generated by regulators related to our continued investment and infrastructure and higher customer demand over the prior year. For the second quarter of 2012 impact of these rate increases was approximately $32 million. The increase in revenues associated with higher demand amounted to approximately $27 million. In addition, we also received increased revenues from acquisitions of around $8 million the most significant being our New York acquisition in the second quarter. In June, our California general rate case was approved authorizing additional annualized revenues; these revenues are retroactively effective to June 1, 2012 and in some California districts retroactive to 2011. The total amount of the California retro adjustments included in the quarter was around $7 million. During the same period, our market based operations revenues increased primarily as a result of higher home owner service group revenue. Turning to the slide on rates slide 11, as you know our ability to invest in our infrastructure is driven by our ability to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investments. Slide 11, shows rate cases that have been filed and those that are awaiting final orders on as well as rate cases and infrastructure charges that have been recently granted. During the second quarter of 2012 we filed a general rate case in Tennessee which would generate approximately $10.6 million in total additional revenues if approved as buy it. As of August 2, we are awaiting final orders in three states requesting additional annualized revenues of around $54 million. There is of course no assurance that all or any portion thereof has any requested increases will be granted. Looking at rate cases and infrastructure charges that have been granted for the second quarter and through the end of July, the company received annual rate case authorizations in New Jersey, Indiana and California for additional annualized revenues of around $65 million. As of August 2 year-to-date we have been granted additional annualized revenues assuming constant sales volume from general rate cases totaling $95 million and 8.4 million in additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges. Turning our attention to water sales volumes, total company sales volumes increased from the quarter ended June 30, 2011 to 2012 by 6.6% and 2.7% for the six months period. This increase in water sales volumes was primarily driven as you can see by our residential customer class which is up 6.7% from the second quarter of 2011 and is clearly driven by the hot dry weather in our eastern and mid-western states mainly New Jersey and Missouri. Total operating expenses for 2012 second quarter increased by $7.5 million or 1.6% from the 2011 second quarter. Operation and maintenance in the regulated business was relatively flat actually decreasing by 0.5%. Production cost increased mainly attributable to increased sales while employee related cost decreased 1.9% primarily due to decreased group insurance and pension expense as a result of lower head counts. Customer billing decreased 19% mainly due to improved collections of our receivables. The increase in other expense is attributable to higher insurance cost from the resolution of prior years’ claim. The market based business operations decreased and total operating expenses of 1.8 million was primarily driven by a 1.6 million or 2.2% decrease in O&Ms expense which mainly is the result of lower production and supply cost in the quarter. We also experienced higher depreciation expense of $5 million due to additional utility plant placed in service. And increased general taxes of $2.3 million mainly attributable to the ongoing cost of our New York acquisition. Overall our regulated O&M efficiency ratio improved by 43.2% for the quarter ended June 30, ’11 to around 38% for the quarter ended June 30, ’12. This quarter’s operating efficiency ratio was of course aided by the extra revenues we received in the quarter primarily from weather. Turning to the next slide 14, as mentioned in our press release we also announced that we now see minimum need for future equity offerings in the normal course of business. This is driven by many factors including the continued growth in our net income which means continued growth in our cash flow as well. In fact SMP cited our “strengthened financial profile” when they reaffirmed our rating and revised our outlook to positive. These factors allow us to believe that our ongoing routine cash requirements will be met with cash flow from operations and debt bonds while continuing to maintain a stable equity ratio. Based on our year-to-date performance the weather impact in the second quarter, our continued focus on expenses control and appropriate returns on needed investment, we are updating our 2012 earnings guidance. We now estimate that our 2012 earnings will be in the range of $2.12 to $2.22 per share for continuing ops. This estimate includes our preliminary view of water sales through July and assumes a normal weather pattern for the balance of the year. This range includes $0.13 to $0.16 per share for the year related to weather and the previously mentioned $0.06 to $0.09 for the second quarter is accounted for in that 13% to 16% range. And with that I would like to turn the call back to Jeff for closing comments before opening it up for your questions.
Jeff Sterba: Thank you very much Ellen. On slide 16, we have the what we always close with which is what we said at the beginning of the year, you could us accountable for. I won't go through these in any detail other than to say that every single one of these items is well under -- is either been completed well underway and ongoing effort going on with it. Let me just close with two quick follow-ups relative to O&M costs. The first is that to keep in mind that the impacts of the discontinued operations, the sale of Ohio, the acquisition of New York does not affect the measures because those discontinued ops are taken out of our calculations whether it be what we show is total regulated O&M cost or is the operating efficiency ratio. And the other one is, one of the things and this is just from I guess doing this for few years, one of the things you always look at as you are building a change process if you will, building on the things that our company does really well today and then but also trying to enhance the things that maybe we are not quite so good at. On the operating cost is how diversified is the reductions or the savings that you are seeing. Sometimes you will see it happen in one part of the business and that’s it and that can make you a little nervous, what I am so pleased about seeing is it across the entire company, it's all of the pieces of the business are operating in a more effective more and that gives you a lot more comfort about the long term and the fact that what you are trying to change is actually taking hold and people are jumping on it with excitement. So with that that’s the end of our comments and we will open it up for any questions you all may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: First congratulations on your continuous O&M improvement effectiveness, it's very impressive. And so I guess Ellen my first question is for you with the equity, can you help put some I guess more color or some duration around your ability to stay out of issuing block equity as it does appear that you are internally generated cash plus I guess maintaining your measured payout ratio and use of NOL and DRIP, they can stay out for a long time. Is that an accurate description of I guess the possible timeframe?
Ellen Wolf: The way I would look at it, it is a couple of things, our NOL carry forward has probably another 10 years give or take so you look at it in terms of the ability to get the benefit from the NOL that’s another 10 years. Our DRIP is only providing a small amount, we would love to see it increase and encourage all to utilize it but it's just a little bit happening in the equity but really to look at it over the long term is to look at as once we have and continue to grow net income the way we are growing and to continue their old paths the way we are going, we really don’t see a need to do an equity offering.
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: Okay and then now with New Jersey having the DSIC program, what percentage of your CapEx program do you think kind of fits under earning in real time returns.
Jeff Sterba:  It is about 25% of our CapEx is been recovered through DSIC like mechanisms and that’s going to increase but remember that on for New Jersey, we won't see that take effect until what you said third quarter, so it will start and that $140 million that investment will start after we get approval of the program -- of the foundational (inaudible).
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs:  Jeff and Ellen, so you are 7% to 10% EPS growth that you have affirmed this morning guidance if that’s off the weather normalized 2012 base, so I would just strip out the pumpage, it's 206 to 209.
Jeff Sterba: Yes Neil the way to think about it is the 7% to 10% is not a year-over-year number, it is a long term projected growth rate. So and assumes kind of the things that we don’t control like weather are just kind of normal. So it does, you should think of it in terms of normalizing that amount out.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: And even if we were to strip out the pumpage benefit you still would have raised guidance here, so what specifically contributed to the balance of the guidance rates relative to the base plants.
Jeff Sterba: Well you are right, we are in the 7% to 11% in the original guidance so a mid-point of say nine and we are now in the 14 range at the mid-point of the new guidance if you take out weather. It is fundamentally is what I talked about Neil in terms of execution. It's execution of the strategy both in terms of building a culture based on continuous process improvement and operational excellence. It's having multiple avenues for growth that if you just think about water utilities in general while you think okay it's going to be, it's a function of regulatory rate relief and maybe a little bit of weather. For us if we do DSIC (ph) or four tuck-ins like we did this past quarter that’s an element of growth. When you sign a deal to be able to extend line protection to 600,000 customers that’s like adding a New Jersey to that business. So multiple of different avenues are grown, so it's really all of those combined.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs: My last question is around whether normalization in the rate case process, how many of your jurisdictions whether normalized, so if you were to file in 2013 as you are going to do in multiple jurisdictions with the 12 test year, will the commissions strip out the benefit of this hot and dry weather?
Ellen Wolf:  Generally when we file for rate cases we use what I call off months, the more normal months, November through let say March to shadow the trend in usage and generally what we have also found because some years if you remember about three years ago we saw the exact opposite impact where usage was way down because of weather and this year we see it's up because of weather. So I think both the regulatory side and our side tries to take the impact out.
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Michael Roomberg with Ladenburg Thalmann & Company. Please go ahead.
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company: Question on the economies of the New York City contract, maybe if you can kind of provide and estimation of what the premiums for your per customer and then also maybe talk more broadly about the other jurisdictions where you have visibility to put this on the Bill itself, what your penetration rates are in those territories.
Jeff Sterba : Great question Michael but I am not going to answer, we just won't go into that much detail as you can probably understand that’s a competitive market and so that kind of detail is quite protected. I would just say that where you have access to customer list and you have the ability to utilize the local utilities bill, you get substantively higher penetration rates than in those areas where you don’t, we already today operate outside of our footprint, our regulated footprint in providing this competitive service. We have an oath with a couple of communities through the same kind of relationship with New York City and as well as just in other communities where we have done direct mail. It’s a full competitive business. New York is unique in that is the largest one its kind that's ever been issued. And we're very pleased with that, it's not a spectacle that you turn on. It's extra wild to build. And since it hasn’t been offered in the past it will be a new product for a lot of the folks in New York. But we're very, very excited about the opportunities. 
Ellen Wolf: if I can also add one thing from a customer perspective, being able to add the cost on to their water bill we find the customers are much more satisfied with that than having to get a separate bill, separate distinct. So we get higher customer satisfaction. 
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Company:   And then just one follow-up for Ellen. The reduction in uncollectible account expense of about $2 million in the quarter. Is that going to recur over the next 12 months? I think was the first that it had shown up in a quarterly result. 
Ellen Wolf:  We are seeing a reduction in our uncollectable. We will see what happens in the third quarter. They are some very large builds that will be going out, larger builds; I wouldn’t say large, versus the utilities but larger builds. But we are seeing better on the collections and I give credit to many of those in operations and our customers' response. 
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gerard Sweeney with Boenning & Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Gerard Sweeney - Boenning & Scattergood:  Looking at the O&M side. Volumes were up about 6.6% and then actually on the regulated side the expenses were down 1.4%. These are obviously great results but is there any more detail that you can give into how this accelerated so quickly? It seems like a very, very large improvement in a short period of time. I mean understanding there is a weather component but volumes go up, there's some more cost associated with that and on a year-on-year basis the actual figures stayed in real terms stayed almost stagnant. 
Jeff Sterba: There's just a couple things and all those clothes are now on to add anything they want. I wouldn’t say that this is like some cliff thing that's happened. Obviously you don't see the month-to-month, just the quarterlies but this is kind of the building of a trend and there is no single component, its exercising of our supply chain or aggressively and effectively. It's some labor reductions that we had. In fact if you recall that we expensed some charges in the first quarter for severance for some fairly small downsizing that we did. If you look at the breakout of our cost, our product cost actually went up which you would expect. But they didn’t go up nearly as much because of the things that we have done relative to acquisition, the chemicals, the power that help drive down the cost, the variable cost associated with production. 
Walter Lynch: It’s right on, it's really due to the favorable pricing on a chemicals and the continued execution of driving cost down primarily on the power side and we executed some contracts that were much more favorable, some of our large things and we're seeing the benefits of that. 
Ellen Wolf: And one other thing to add because of the lack of branding we have had lower liquidity in our water so that we did not have to do quite as much treatment as you would expect.  
Gerard Sweeney - Boenning & Scattergood:  Was this above your or below, however you want to look at it, of your plan at the beginning of the year?
Jeff Sterba:  Our plan was baked into our $1.90 to $2 a share guidance and there is a lot of moving parts. I don't think we'll get into a point of starting doing the plusses and minuses of each individual part. We are doing obviously quite well relative to that entire part. 
Gerard Sweeney - Boenning & Scattergood:  We'll look at this as a permanent change in terms of the costs associated on this. All things being equal, I mean understanding the weather and everything else but there is…
Jeff Sterba: Well think about power costs for a second Gerard. There are two things that affect the power cost for us. One is, what's happening is that overall power markets. So obviously when natural gas prices are low, power prices are going to be lower unless there is some fundamental demand supply imbalances which shifts prices up dramatically. But the other piece of it is how effective are we in acquiring that model. So there is two different pieces to it. I can't tell you how much is which piece. Obviously we're going to continue to do everything we can to improve our acquisition prowess and the tools that we use to do that but at the same time we can't control what happens to natural gas prices. So you can't say its permanent unless you are going to say well let`s normalize what happens to power prices, chemicals prices all those kinds of things. 
Operator:   Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup. Please go ahead. 
Brian Chin - Citigroup:  Question for Ellen, when you talked about not needing equity for the current timeframe, how far out does that go. Does that come and apply to '13 and '14 as well?  
Ellen Wolf:  The way I would look at it Brian is in terms of again, what would drive our need to equity and as we said and have had the benefit in the past, the higher your net income the more, the less you need equity, the stronger your cash flow, the less we need equity and again, I would add with those NOLs that we're able to cash forward, give us more cash. So, what we're saying is right now we don't see a need if only those things continue and we continue to see the balance sheet strengthen. We don't see need to enforce where the equity are.  
Brian Chin - Citigroup:  When you talk about the long-term 7 or 10% EPS growth rate, in your mind, how much of that comes from things like acquisitions and tuck-ins versus your organic growth at the businesses that you currently already own. 
Jeff Sterba:  Well I think the way to think about that Brian is, we said that investing 800 to $1 billion, the mid-point of $900 million a year basically provides the engine to fund about 6% growth. And it can be a little higher, maybe a little lower but its right in that range, 6-6.5%. and the key for us obviously is being able to put that in and getting value of that through the rate taking process and so that's why we really focus on our cost control so that our rate cases are really capital base and we keep the size of the increase at a manageable level. So going beyond that, that means whether its tuck-ins, acquisitions, new product services and new markets. So new markets for example, moving into New York Citi, new products and services for example moving into from using home owners services in that case is moving into the indoor plumbing business or on in our existing service territories is moving more into waste water and sort of just portable water. So those are extensions or logical organically extensions that add in addition to acquisitions. So you remember that when we sometimes euphemistically refer to as the sandbox chart that's got the four colors and it shows how over time, the weight of those components will change as our efforts and success in improving our OEM existing assets gets to a point where we're earning our full cost of GAAP. 
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Fleishman - Bank of America:  When you look at the efficiency targets, obviously since it’s a cost percent of revenue, the revenue has been a little benefited by the strong weather, so if we're trying to think about is there a way to kind of whether normalize where you really are on this efficiency ratio or to put it another way, should we expect that to kind of pull back a little bit the next year if it's like a normal weather year before you get there?
Jeff Sterba:  Remember we're doing a 12 month rolling average not a quarter over quarter. If you look at the quarter over quarter, it would clearly have a big dip for this quarter and you should expect it to come back up a little bit. And that's why we think quarterly measures for something like this don't make a lot of sense. So you look out on a 12 month rolling average which normalizes our sum of that. Its still, this quarter has a significant impact because of how good it was, but it won't have nearly as dramatic an impact. When we recorded the third quarter earnings we'll have to see if it's sticking in the same range, creeping up a little bit. Remember our long term goal is below 40 by 2015 and I'd say we're well on target to hit that.  
Operator: 
 :
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse:  Given your footprint in Marcellus and the likely EPA regulation coming next year on frap bottle recycling, do you see this as a meaningful growth opportunity for your non-regulated businesses?
Jeff Sterba:  It is a business opportunity that we're taking a hard look at. There is a lot that goes into what kind of systems will be used and by that I mean centralized, versus decentralized. What we may want to take on and the kind of the technologies that will afford the lowest cost for doing this. But I come from a part of the world where in the west we're water reinjection is done over time. But the difference is, in the western formations there's almost a giant sucking us down trying to hold that water back down into the ground. In the east, given the geology they have to put it under such pressure and I think is creating a lot of concerns around the reinjection of water in the Marcellus area because it is just a different geology and that puts more pressure may be going into the water treatment side. So we look at that as a business opportunity. Obviously if we do it, we're going do it as good and say for an appropriate a way as possible.  
Kevin Cole - Credit Suisse: How big do you think this opportunity could be?
Jeff Sterba: I think this is one of these markets that's got so many different conductions vectors if we go, it's hard to say. I mean they could be very large. One of the things that you got to remember is that these wells, these are not long live wells. You go into the west and you'll be able to see a lot of wells it will produce for 10-15 years and then you put a pump around it. These wells are shorter rides and so in order to keep the gap flowing, they've got to keep drilling. But I think both is, obviously that industry is very focused on how do we reduce the amount of water that we need to frac each well and that's about 5 million gallons. So they are going to figure out how can they reduce the amount of water, that will reduce of amount of flow back and what's going to be the drilling. If you look in Pennsylvania, you’ve seen about roughly 25% reduction in drilling routes operating just this year. Now I've started to stabilize and maybe it will come back a little bit as natural gas prices have turned up, but frankly there's been a significant downturn. One of the things about our approach into this business is we're fundamentally leveraging our infrastructure by which we serve retail customers throughout Pennsylvania and what we're finding is a lot of extensions that we make, we will serve some drillers, this Rex pipeline is a classic example, but it really opens up the path for expansion of our territory and to serve new residential customers and our regulators are comfortable with this approach. From a business perspective, one of the things that means is we take on less risk, because we don't really have commodity or volume metric risk and we are going to recover those costs over a reasonable period of time, but yes, there may be other situations that will appropriately be done on the other side where you have a dedicated line that will one serve one instead of customers. I think that model is what will hold true if the flow back water treatment market develops because those treatment facilities have to be different just because of some of the compounds and the level TDS that you're having delivered. 
Operator:   Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead. 
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo:  Ellen, just to follow up on your equity comments, is there any change to your 45 to 50% target equity ratio or are you just saying even without any external rate you can naturally grow into that over the next few years?
Ellen Wolf:  We're talking about naturally growing into our environment on equity and I should also add one other point on this is, it does assume as we're talking about this, the continuation of 800 to $1 billion of investment in our infrastructure. 
Jeff Sterba:  Ellen just mentioned the S&P, it really best work on.  
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo:  I was just saying, assuming kind of the $900 million of annual CapEx, it looks like over the next five years, given the NOLs and the growing cash flows and everything, it looks like you're almost getting close to being self-funding, is that kind of where you see yourself from a net debt perspective?
Ellen Wolf: By self-funding you are talking about no new debt issuances?  
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo:  Not quite there but getting pretty close. 
Ellen Wolf: Yes, as long as the cash flow continues to grow, the answer will be yes to that with some debt. So there will be some debt. 
Jeff Sterba :  And that Jonathan obviously is because your net income is growing, that increases our retained earnings and so we have the ability to issue some debt to maintain the same gas structure.  
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo:  And then Jeff you mentioned with the New Jersey DSCI, assuming that goes through, is it 140 million of additional CapEx above your 800 million?
Jeff Sterba: No what it really does is it may keep us a little more in the middle or upper part of that because remember for example this year, our total CapEx will be over 900 million largely because of ET. So in fact it may help to keep us up in that range and that 140 is over two years. So to it's kind of roughly (inaudible) if you look at it that way. 
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo:  And a little of it will just be allocating your current budget more to New Jersey given the more constructive for recovery mechanism. 
Jeff Sterba: That's exactly right Jonathan. Where the opportunities provide, we've got scarce capital, we're allocated, we're as encouraged to be invested. 
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo:  And then finally, how should we be thinking about the dividend payout ratio and growth with the strengthening balance sheet. Do you continue to target the lower end of that 50 to 70% range to strengthen that equity ratio or might you get a little more aggressive with the dividend increases?
Jeff Sterba: Well I guess two things, when we announced in May, we narrowed that to really 50 to 60%. We talked about the comfort that we have relative to the growth and we said that we would expect the dividend to grow more in line with the growth rate in our earnings per share. So you would expect to see it grow in that kind of a range. We're at the low end certainly with what we're now projecting for this year, we're in the low end but if earnings are growing at a more rapid rate, we're going to category more in line with what that earnings per share is. 
Ellen Wolf:  And as we said in the past Jonathan we'll always continue to have that balance between what's right for the shareholder and the cash flow needs of the company. 
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Tim Winter with Gabelli and Company. Please go ahead. 
Tim Winter - Gabelli and Company : I wanted to ask a big picture question and it's on a map on page seven. I don't really mean for this to be a softball question, but given there was the drop conditions in the weather in sort of regional impact its having on the economy, the municipal budget situation, what have you. Are you seeing any material change in the movement towards larger regional water projects or desalination or are you being called in for helping with anything or is it just sort of too early that this quarter's impact is having on that sort of movement?
Jeff Sterba: Tim in terms of regional water development or people going oh, my god, we've got created more supply, I think it's cause people to think, if you also believe that weather patterns will become more volatile and droughts and precipitation will become more extreme, it does cause you to have to think about water supplies different. For us, one of the key to elements is to start really thinking about one water as opposed to these different streams of portable water, waste water and storm water. But think of it a lot more holistically so you can get the right resource to the right use and that's where we think, reuse will become more than a tickling fancy in some constrained areas. It will become more mainline, main stream if you will. I wouldn’t say that we are seeing a major awakening or aha aha. But I do believe that you are seeing people going oh gee!. This could get serious. And I think that helps for a focal point on both the infrastructure as well as the opportunity to advance technologies like reuse. And I think the other push is raising more opportunities, questions, doors but we'll wait to see what it really translates into, is the realization by municipalities that Uncle Sam is not going to bail them out of dire capital requirements or pension obligations that are taking away from their ability and investing in infrastructure and things like that. So I think there is a lot of churn which I will not jump to the conclusion is result space yet. 
Operator:  All right, and I am showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back to management for closing remarks. 
Jeff Sterba:  Well I'll just thank you very much for joining us today. Stay cool, stay safe and we'll look forward to talking with you in our third quarter. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen this concludes American Waters second quarter earnings conference call. And if you'd like to listen to a replay of today's call, you can dial 303-590-3030 with the access code of 454-83-22. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-03 10:01:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations Jeffry E. Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ellen C. Wolf - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations
Analysts: Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Timothy Feron - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through Thursday, May 10, 2012, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for the replay is 4531958. The online archive of the webcast will be available through June 4, 2012, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to American Water's 2012 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and in answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimate. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings.  Now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning, everyone, and I appreciate you joining us today. Ellen Wolf, our Chief Financial Officer, will join me in our comments this morning. Also with us here are Walter Lynch, who heads our Regulated Operations; and Kellye Walker, our Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel. It's a pleasure to report on another quarter of success in both our financial performance and the execution of our strategic plans. On Slide 5, you can see we delivered strong first quarter results with a quarter-over-quarter increase in earnings from continuing operations of more than 20% to approximately $49 million or $0.28 per share. This was fueled by an almost 4% growth in revenue while total operations and maintenance expenses were held flat to the same quarter last year.  In our regulated segment, increased revenue driven by implementation of rate case decisions in a number of our states and reduced O&M costs improved our O&M efficiency ratio by about 280 basis points quarter over quarter. Now you will also notice that it shows consolidated cash flow from operations decline of about 8%. This is attributable to timing changes in working capital.  These financial results are due to our focus on investing resources in capital in areas where we can drive value for customers and the company as well as our focus on continuous process improvement that's ongoing throughout the business. Financial results are obviously important, that's what we all are here to talk about. But their sustainability, I think, has a lot to do with how we serve customers and whether they think they are getting good value for the price. Like most companies, we survey our customers to understand their overall satisfaction with us and they're perception of service of quality and I thought you may be interested in how we're faring on this front. In the most recent survey, which was done in the last 30 to 45 days, 94% of our customers responded in the satisfied categories concerning their overall satisfaction with American Water during the past 12 months. And among customers who had specific service contact with us, almost 90% were either extremely or very satisfied. We take these measures and the confidence our customers place in us seriously, particularly as investment in facilities critical to providing service to our customers could cause us upward pressure on rates.  Our capital investments directly benefit our customers to improve reliability. And we've increased our efforts to help customers understand these investments and the associated benefits that come from having reliable water service such as fire protection, quality water and wastewater treatment in the economic vitality of the towns that they live in. We're also levering technology to help us serve our customers better. For example, we recently upgraded our call management system, which has significantly improved call handling performance. And while substantive improvement to our customer outreach and online service capabilities is tied to the implementation of our new CIS system next year, we have improved our web self-service application and it's seeing a more than 65% increase in a number of customer-initiated web-based transactions over the last year. This enables us to meet customer needs more effectively and also at lower costs.  Turning to Slide 7. Let me highlight just a few other key accomplishments of this quarter. As you know, we have now closed the previous announced portfolio optimization transactions, which have added about 55,000 customers in Missouri and New York and generated more than $510 million of cash, which can more effectively to be deployed in the 16 states in which we now have regulated operations. So far in 2012, 2 rate cases have been filed and cases in 5 states has been resolved, providing an annualized revenue increase of over $62 million. The most recent decision came a couple of days ago in New Jersey, where the New Jersey BPU approved the stipulated agreement in that rate case, as well as approved the distribution system improvement charges for the state. We also received 2 proposed decisions in California that are of significance. One is on the revenue requirement for our general rate case for 2012 through '14, and the second one is the cost recovery of the San Clemente Dam removal proposal. Both of these recommendations still require final commission action, which we hope will be forthcoming soon after comments have been filed by all the parties have to be out for comment for 30 days before the commission can take final action. We view these recommended decisions as generally constructive but there are some points that need clarification with the commission. Lastly, I know there's been talk about dry weather in the media lately. We've assessed our reservoirs and other sources of supply and at this time, are comfortable where we are with virtually full reservoirs and our supply sources. But as always, we'll assess our supply on a continuing basis as we go forward. With that said, let me turn the call over to Ellen to delve into our financial performance in more detail.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thank you very much, Jeff, and good morning to those of you who are listening to our first quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Jeff has just reviewed with you some of the key highlights for the quarter, all built around our commitment to ensure reliable service to our customers and results to our shareholders. I am now going to take a few minutes to describe in more detail the drivers of our results for the first quarter. As always, additional details can be found on our 10-Q, which we filed late yesterday afternoon with the SEC. Now turning to Slide 9. As Jeff indicated, we produced solid financial results for the first quarter of 2012 with increases in revenue, net income and earnings per share, as well as continued improvement in our O&M efficiency ratio. These results were driven by our team's commitment to strategies that focused around the value of our customers, investing needed capital and controlling costs.  For the first quarter ended March 31, we reported operating revenues of approximately $619 million, a $22 million or 3.7% increase over the approximately $597 million reported for the first quarter of 2011. Income from continuing operations for the first quarter was around $49 million or $0.28 per common share compared with around $41 million or $0.23 per common share in 2011, with both up over 20% year-over-year. Included in income and earnings per share for continuing operations, is an after-tax charge of about $1.4 million or $0.01, respectively, related to severance costs associated with our organizational realignment. Net cash, as Jeff mentioned, provided by operating activities for the 3 months ended March 31, 2012, was $148 million compared to $161 million for the first quarter in '11. This again, is mainly due to the changes in the timing of working capital need.  Now I'd like to turn the discussion to the various components of our income from continuing operations starting with revenue. Revenues from our regulated business increased by a net of $13.6 million or 2.6% from March 31, '11 to '12, driven by new rates awarded and various surcharges granted by the regulators related to our continued investment in infrastructure. As of March 31, the 2012 impact of these rates increases, most of which were granted in 2011, was approximately $20 million. These increases were partially offset by decreased revenues of around $6 million, attributable to a decrease in overall demand of 1.5% in the first quarter of 2012 compared with the first quarter of '11.  During the same period, our market-based operations revenues increased by $5.2 million or approximately 7%, primarily as a result of incremental capital project activity related to our military services contracts. Now turning to Slide 11. As you all know, our ability to invest in our infrastructure is driven by our ability to earn appropriate rate of return on our investments. This slide shows rate cases that have been filed and are awaiting final order. As of May 2, we are awaiting final orders in 4 states, requesting additional annualized revenues of $101.5 million. There is, of course, no assurance that all or any portion thereof of any of the increases will be granted.  During the first quarter of '12, we filed a general rate case in Virginia requesting additional annualized revenue of approximately $5.7 million. As a reminder, we anticipate filing a total of 4 rate cases in 2012. Slide 12 shows rate cases and infrastructure charges that have been granted since the beginning of 2011. As of May 2, 2012, we've been granted additional annualized revenues from general rate cases totaling around $190 million and another $11 million in additional annualized revenues from infrastructure charges. The most recent rate case decision was just this week in New Jersey, where the commission approved a revenue increase of $30 million to be effective immediately. The outcome of this case balanced the requirement for our customers and shareholders by taking into account for the first part -- for the first time as part of our original filing, the decline in customer usage as well as our own efforts to control costs since that original filing back in July of 2010. Turning our attention to water sales volumes. Total company sales volumes decreased quarter-over-quarter by 1.5%. During the first quarter, usage is generally not impacted by weather. The quarter-over-quarter decline we are seeing is in line with the 5-year demand usage trend. While we can never be completely sure of the reason for the declining usage, again at this time, it appears that for at least the residential decline of 1.7% that is related to concentration in more efficient water-related appliances. I'd now like to take a few minutes to discuss our operating expenses. Total operating expenses, including depreciation, for the 2012 first quarter increased by $5.4 million or 1.2% from the 2011 first quarter. This increase includes a $7 million decrease in the regulated business operations and maintenance expense, offset partially by a $3.2 million increase in the market-based business expenses, mainly related to the increased revenues from our military contracts. The regulated O&M decreased of approximately $7 million, the mild winter we experienced this year affected expenses by lowering our chemical usage due to lower water turbidity and by increasing our capitalized labor as more time was spent on replacing old pipes rather than fixing main breaks. Also employee-related expenses decreased due to employee vacancies and lower Orissa-based pension expense. And finally, included in the O&M expense for the first quarter was, as I mentioned earlier, a $2.4 million pretax severance charge again associated with organizational realignment.  Overall, our O&M -- our regulated O&M efficiency ratio improved from 48% for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 to 45.3% for the quarter ended March 31, 2012. We continue to see improvement in this ratio quarter-over-quarter as we remain committed to cost containment and long-term margin improvements. The results of the first quarter, as well as our rate case decision, allow us to reaffirm for you our 2012 ongoing earnings per share range of $1.90 to $2. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Jeff for closing comments before opening it up for your questions.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. Before taking questions, let me just close our discussion with the slide, remember that we presented this in January for the first -- this year on some of the things that we are striving to achieve in 2012, so you can track our progress. Now of course, that is all in addition to our target of earning $1.90 to $2 per share from continuing operations. While it's still fairly early in 2012, good progress is being made on all of these fronts. And I won't go back over them because we've discussed most of them already today. We're making solid progress in getting declining use and other regulatory-like items recognized by regulators. Our continuous process improvement efforts are really starting to take hold, and we're seeing increased opportunities in both our regulated- and market-based segment for customer growth, all of which lead us to continue to believe in our long-term growth prospects of 7% to 10% per year.  With the approximate 3% dividend yield, I believe we have committed to investors to providing a double-digit investment return under an investment thesis that's centered on investing in our country's structure.  Lastly, just a reminder that we'll be holding our annual meeting here in Voorhees and also online through our virtual stockholder meeting on Friday, May 11, next Friday. So we welcome your participation. And now, we'd be happy to take any questions you might have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Jeff, I guess, on your last comment, I guess, how should we think about the natural regulatory leg now with both Pennsylvania and New Jersey offering disc-like structures? As I know, traditionally, I've always though of it as -- so we have like a target ROE of, say, 105 and then we minus 100 to 125 basis points of holdco debt and then 100 to 150 basis points for regulatory lag. Where do you see that migrating towards?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I think the 150 basis points of regulatory lag is declining as we get discs in place and as we get declining usage built into place. Now obviously, the best approach is when you have an automatic adjustment mechanism. But in other states, like we've done in New Jersey, we have a future test year and then have forecasted 1 year forward in terms of consumption and then that's what's being put in. So by the time rates go into effect, they're recovering costs. You go 2 years and you start to still have more lag. So I think that 150 basis points is what we're trying to shrink. Do we ever get it to 0? Well, probably not. But if we can squeeze it down to 50 basis points, that's 100 basis points pickup. Plus in some of our jurisdictions, I'll use New York as an example, we have a dead band where we're allowed to earn above our allowed return for a little bit and then we start sharing excess, if there are any additional returns. So our goal is to drive it to 0. And we're not going to be satisfied til we get there. But you'll always have a little bit of friction. And on the parental debt, obviously, that percentage -- when I first came, it was about 125 basis points. It's already shrunk down to about 100 just because it's static and our total business is growing. And so that will continue to happen. But obviously, until something is done with that debt, it won't go to 0. It'll slowly migrate down to 75 basis points and lower.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. You don't mind if I ask one more question. I noticed in some recent presentations, you've put in a new area charge, that kind depicts your 7% to 10% EPS growth, like the sources of that. And I guess, can you kind of talk about where you think we are in -- when I look at the X axis because over the short term, it depicts, say, half of EPS growth comes from ROE improvement. I think we have achieved a good chunk of that, right?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: In that way, you start going towards the right, it leans more into new services and then acquisitions?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. We started using this, frankly, at the Analyst Day 1 year ago, a little over 1 year ago, February of 2011. And its purpose is to conceptually present and there's no specific timeline because, frankly, we're in different parts of that curve or different parts of each of these curves today. So for example, on the ROE improvement, frankly, we're making more progress than -- we're making faster progress. Here's the way I think about it long term. We are investing $800 million to $1 billion of CapEx a year. Call it a mid-point of $900 million. That $900 million is offset by depreciation of about $300 million. So that's a net rate-based addition of about $600 million. As you add that into our existing rate base, we're driving 6% to 7% growth in earnings just off that fundamental driver. And that does not include, for example, acquisitions, new services, the value of efficiencies that we build in because we think about the efficiency as really creating headroom of add this capital. So that's where we're comfortable with the 7% to 10% growth rate is it's basically given -- the baseline of that comes from the investment strategy. Now the key is, obviously, could we recover that? And that's why the focus on efficiency because it gives us that headroom. Remember though, one of the kind of rules of thumb that we talk about is $1 of O&M has the same impact on rates as $6 of capital. But that $6 of capital generates $0.30 of earnings for you. So that's the way we think and work on how do we drive operational efficiency to create headroom for capital growth.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up question for that. So with regards to the drift in equity needs, how big has the drift got and would you agree that through use of a drift into the NOL, it looks like you could be equity free from a long time?
Ellen C. Wolf: Let me first address the drift and employee stock purchases. Last year, they provided about $5 million worth of cash for the company. So they are not huge providers of cash. And year to date, we've seen about $700,000 that's come in for the first quarter. So again, we're not seeing them as large inputs. As we have said, there won't be equity offering. We don't foresee one in 2012 because we had around $450 million come in as it relates to Arizona and New Mexico and another $60 million that came in as a result of our acquisition of New York and divestiture of Ohio to on May 1. So we have sufficient cash to get through this year. And we have not yet talked about the future years. But again, we're continuing to see our equity ratio improved and I should note that for the first quarter, actually, we moved up to 43% equity. We were at 42% as of yearend.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions here. First is, Jeff, if you could talk about the way you're thinking about a potential dividend raise and your dividend payout as you think about the cash that's coming in from some of these asset sales.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Okay. Obviously, we think about dividend as efficient use of capital decision in terms of what can we invest to continue to build the business and what's an appropriate cash return. As you know, our payout ratio has now drifted below 50% because of our strong earnings growth. And what we're seeing, obviously, is our dividend growth has been about 5% but our earnings growth has been substantively higher than that. That's something we're taking a hard look at as to what that appropriate mix on a go-forward basis. I think when the first company first came public, I think we used the payout ratio of 50% to 70% as a guideline. Frankly, that's fairly broad. We're obviously, now even a little bit below that. So we're taking a look at what's appropriate going forward. I think you'll see from us a little more specific conversation relative to the dividend and what our policy is going forward as we move forward through a little more time this year.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And the second question relates to volumes here. At some point, you've got to think they're diminishing marginal returns of efficiency and changes in customer behavior, where all the easy gains have been won and the volume decreases associated with it will start to fade a little bit. How are you thinking about that? Or do you think that 1.5% that we saw in the first quarter is sustainable for a long period of time?
Ellen C. Wolf: What we're seeing is it's been sustainable for a long period of time. We would expect it to continue as a lot of the areas that we serve are older areas. And so over time, their homes continue to take out the older appliances and put in the newer appliances. We have seen it start to flatten only in a very, very few places. And again, as you talk about more water-efficient devices, we've now seen that move to the outdoors, so more watering devices have become more efficient as well. So I would expect that to continue for a while.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes, I'd agree, Neil. The big thing that Ellen hit on and this is one of the things that, I think, you'll see is on the irrigation side. More people have not just gone to drip irrigation but now, they're starting to use sensors. And so I think we'll continue to see -- I think to begin house stuff, yes, you hit a point of diminishing returns. I think out of house that we probably see more potential for that. And that's why we're focused on making sure that we get appropriate mechanisms in place. At some point, does it level out? Yes, I would agree with you. But I don't think it's in the next -- we personally aren't expecting it in the next 3 to 5 years, let's say.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then the last question is on a quick update on the New Jersey rate case. When I looked at the final outcome here, a little bit of lower hit rate than we historically see versus your ask. Can you help us understand some of the components of the delta between the request and the final outcome?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. I'm going to let Walter take that.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. thanks, John. Yes, there are 2 real reasons. The final revenue requirement and the rate case showed a decrease in expenses from the original filing. And it was in our press release that we issued a couple days ago, that there's about $10 million less expenses in the filed revenue requirements than when the original filing occurred. And also, we've taken a more aggressive approach in our declining usage mechanism. The original filing, we filed for a 2-year look ahead to get the revenue recognition for that and in the settlement, in the $30 million, we got about 1 year of that. So that really explains some of the gap.
Jeffry E. Sterba: When you take a hard look through it, there's no capital that was disallowed. Costs were allowed. All of our operating costs, we got a 1-year forward look on declining usage. So in a sense, I think, making -- because some people will look just at the $98 million and the $30 million sale, you only got 1/3. Well, that's not really the appropriate comparison because of the O&M change, which is really a savings and you bet we're going to pass it on to customers, as well as the way that we approached the declining usage caused the size of the increase to look much larger than, for example, it has in prior years.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Connors with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Timothy Feron - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: This is actually Tim Feron filling in for Ryan who's on the road. I just have another question on the New Jersey case. We obviously have the numbers, but I was just curious if the whole process was more or less contentious than in the past? And do you think the fact that the disk was attached to the case could have some effect on the ultimate award?
Jeffry E. Sterba: I don't think the disk really had much effect on it. I think this is one of the reasons why we are being much more active in communicating with our customers on issues around value of water. New Jersey has had a series of rate increases and it's because we hadn't done what needed to be done there for a while. And so I think that attracted a bit more attention, particularly in -- there's a couple of individuals who took the mantle up about just no rate increases. We understand that. I think the notion that this was a settled case with all of the major parties continues to speak well for a stable regulatory environment in the state of New Jersey. And it's -- obviously, it's a settlement we believe we not only live with but think it's fair and reasonable. I think the media coverage, because of some of the stir up, if you will, from a couple of folks in the political world, created more attention, if you will. Well, that's fine, we understand the concerns and we're going to continue to work with those folks to help them better understand why you have to invest and what that means to rate long term.
Ellen C. Wolf: Tim, I'd also add that this was actually a separate filing from the rate case. And it just so happened they were on the same agenda. But up until now, the comments we have had are very favorable around the disk. So I want to separate, we don't believe the disk was in any way driving reaction to the rate case.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of David Paz of Bank of America.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just on New Jersey on the disk specifically. Can you just walk me through how that will be implemented if we look close to next year? And then just any expected earnings impact but more specifically, maybe capital deployment impact?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes, Dave, this is Walter. I'll take that question. The board of public utilities has approved the disk program on May 1. But it's not effective until it's published in New Jersey register. We expect that to occur in early June. And then American Water in New Jersey, American Water will file the foundational filing shortly thereafter. You either have 90 days or a few that filing and when it is reviewed, and we'll start investing and we'll invest for a 6-month period and then we'll make our first filing. The board of public utilities will then have 60 days to review that filing and approve it and then the rates will go into effect at that point. We expect the impact to be sometime in the third quarter of 2013.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And in terms of just how you allocate capital, what should we expect? Higher percentage going in New Jersey versus other states versus historically?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. I mean, with this mechanism, it's an incentive to invest in New Jersey. And we're going to increase our investment there.
Jeffry E. Sterba: You've seen, Dave, I think, a flow of capital into Pennsylvania, into Missouri and now into New Jersey because that's what these mechanisms incent.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: All right, okay. And then on declining usage. Can you say which states that you believe you have the mechanisms in place that address declining usage?
Ellen C. Wolf: I'm sorry, which states we have mechanisms in place that address the declining usage?
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Yes.
Ellen C. Wolf: Clearly, California, which has a balancing account for declining usage.
Jeffry E. Sterba: New York.
Ellen C. Wolf: New York also has a similar account that takes into effect defining usage as well as costs. And then in New Jersey, we now have a 1-year forward look on it. Illinois has always been a future -- has been a future test year for us, so that has a 1-year look in it. Missouri has recognized some of it as well and Pennsylvania definitely this time through has recognized a 1-year future on declining usage. And I'm sure I missed one. Iowa and Kentucky.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, Kentucky also. Kentucky is also a future test year. So that has built in. Now a future test year in and of itself, it does not fully meet what we believe is necessary. But if you do a future test year plus a roll forward, we're getting pretty close. And that's what happened in New Jersey.
David A. Paz - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then just last, to clarify, Jeff, I think, you said that you filed 2 cases here today, and, Ellen, you said one. Just to clarify, how many cases have been filed here today?
Jeffry E. Sterba: We have filed 2, 1 of which has already been resolved. And so it's kind of odd but it's a very small operation and we filed a notice and it has already been accepted and approved. So that's why we have only one outstanding.
Ellen C. Wolf: We have this internal debate whether Michigan really filing or not since we have the ability to put in rates after we have submitted our letter notifying them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heike Doerr with Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Not to belabor this New Jersey rate case, but I wondered if we could talk a little bit about the ROE, I believe, you [indiscernible].  Walter, you mentioned that there was $10 million that was related to O&M if we look at that 95.5 as our starting days. Maybe it makes more sense to think about it as maybe 85.5. I know the ROE is a little bit below what the going rate has been in New Jersey. Is there anything you can comment on that?
Ellen C. Wolf: We believe, Heike, our ROE is in line with what Aqua and United and others have perceived as well.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. I thought that those companies had during their last rate proceedings, the most recent being completed in February, had been at a 10.3.
Ellen C. Wolf: No. I think they're at 10.15, I think, is what Aqua just got.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And as we look ahead, Ellen, I believe you mentioned we were expecting 4 rate cases in 2012. Does that include the Michigan and the Virginia case that's already been filed or is that 4 more from here on out?
Ellen C. Wolf: It does include the Virginia case that has been filed.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. Can you share with us what states those are?
Ellen C. Wolf: No. Heike, it is our philosophy and belief that really the first person we share that with is the regulator and their staff.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we do have a follow-up question from the line of Kevin Cole with Crédit Suisse.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can I just ask a quick follow-up question on the dividend? I believe you have been doing some, I guess, a grass-roots-like conversation with your investors to see what they want from a yield and a payout perspective. I guess, how did that shape up and were you able to get an indication from your investors that they want to keep -- they want to stay, I guess, in the sub 3.5% water, I guess, normal payout ratio or be elevated to more in electric, in the mid-4% range?
Jeffry E. Sterba: What you find in those conversations, which I have found very helpful and interesting, is people are obviously have little different perspectives on the basis of what kind of a run they run, et cetera. But the fundamentals were predictable, stable and growing. And those are the 3 components that, I think, were common in all of the folks that we've talked to. And so that -- the effect to that is that is what we'll be guiding us going forward. Remember, when I say stable, that doesn't mean that you don't change at all, but it means that it's -- there's not a risk of it having to be cut, obviously. And the predictable really goes to the -- more of the notion that the dividend policy as opposed to what the specific dividend is. We had good conversations with different approaches that have been used by different firms. And I think you'll see from us an approach going forward that will be predictable, stable and growing.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So I guess from recent years, the dividend increases have not tracked the EPS growth? Should we think of there's going to be like a one-time true up in the payout?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes. Kevin, as you know, the dividend decision is a subject matter for the board and their action. I think what you'll see is something that fits those criteria of predictable, stable and growing. I'll tell you that I have a personal bias against things where you do 1x, whether it's big jumps or X dividends. Those are rare times when I think those kind of approaches are appropriate.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then did you say earlier when the board was deciding the dividend?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, we meet often on all throughout the year. So no, we have not said when a specific decision. Our next declaration, I can't remember when the date is.
Kevin Cole - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. But your investor meeting is next week? Is that right?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Our annual meeting is next week.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Spencer Joyce with Hilliard Lyons.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: I had to hop on here kind of late, so I apologize in advance of you may have already covered this but just a couple of quick questions. The $1.90 to $2 guidance range, that is continuing operations, correct?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Correct.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. And just the other one regards to the expense side. It looks like we had a real nice quarter. bringing down some employee related cost, I'm just wondering if you all can provide a little color on maybe how close you all are to sort of a terminal destination there or should we expect some significant improvement in some future quarters?
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, we've given -- we've made public a goal of having an operating efficiency ratio of at least no greater than 40% by 2015. We're certainly on target, I think, to hit that kind of a goal maybe even be able to be a little bit. It's not just what our absolute level of operating costs are because we have rerun 2 very different businesses. Our regulated business is capital intensive. Our market-based business is operating cost intensive. So we really look at the 2 as separate pieces. Also keep in mind that one of the major things we've got going on now is our Business Transformation project, which is bringing to the table new platform IP systems that we have not had. Over time, we expect that to be able to help reduce operating costs because we will not have to do as much as we're doing today manually. That doesn't happen on day 1 that the systems get implemented and those systems start being implemented in August of this year through about the same time frame next year in 3 different phases. But it takes a bit of time to get people comfortable to these systems and then we can use attrition and the like to help continue to reduce the employee side expenses of running the basic business. Ellen, anything you'd add?
Ellen C. Wolf: I think that's it. And again, when you look at our operating expenses, the total transformation going through with our systems will impact all lines of our expenses, including things like today, we can't do an electronic bill. So we will be able to do that in the future, so we will expect to see less printing costs, less mailing costs. So again, we're looking at all lines that will be impacted as we put new and much more customer-friendly systems in.
Spencer E. Joyce - Hilliard Lyons, Research Division: Okay. Yes, so it looks like we do have some ongoing things there.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Yes.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Jeffry E. Sterba: Well, I guess, thank you for your continued interest and support with what we're doing at American Water and again, invite you to participate in our annual meeting and we look forward to seeing you down the road.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-27 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Year End 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com.
 Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through March 5, 2012, by dialing (303)590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 4510317. The online archive of the webcast will be available through March 27, 2012, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] 
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr.  Vallejo, you may begin. 
Edward Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to American Water's 2011 Year End Conference Call. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimate. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings.
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba. 
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to all, and thanks for joining us today. Ellen Wolf, our CFO, is here with me and will join in the presentation. We also have Walter Lynch, our head of Regulated Operations; and Kellye Walker, our General Counsel and Chief Administrator Officer, with us. 
 We're pleased to announce continued strong performance for 2011 on virtually all fronts. My comments will be brief, since we've previously covered our general performance during the earnings guidance call that we just held a few weeks ago. Additionally, we'll be discussing results for the full year of 2011. Details around the year and the fourth quarter in specific will be able to be found in the 10-K, which should be filed tomorrow. 
 Turning to Slide 5, you can see that we delivered solid results for the year all around. Total revenues increased $111 million year-over-year to approximately $2.7 billion. Adjusted net income and earnings per share increased to approximately $320 million and $1.81 per share, respectively. 
 These adjusted earnings are represented in the same manner that we have throughout the year, and Ellen will go through those adjustments in more detail. In 2011, our regulated O&M expense was flat to 2010, which when coupled with a 3.6% increase in regulated revenues, drove 170 basis point improvement in our O&M efficiency ratio, from 45.5% to 43.8% over the last 12 months. 
 We also generated a 4.3% year-over-year increase in consolidated cash flow, and when you take into account a onetime tax refund that was received in 2010 and an additional pension contribution that we made at the end of 2011, cash flow from operations really increased about 16%. All of these items resulted in slightly more than 100 basis points increase in our earned ROE to just over 7.5%. 
 While we're not yet where we want to be, significant progress has obviously been made. In recognition of this financial performance, as we previously announced, our quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.23 per share was declared in December. And additionally, on February 24 of this year, our board declared a quarterly cash dividend payment of $0.23 per share payable on June 1, 2012, to shareholders of record as of April 20, 2012. We also reaffirm the 2012 earnings guidance range we provided a few weeks ago of between $1.90 to $2 per share for ongoing operations. 
 Before turning the call over to Ellen to go into more detail on this year's financial results, let me just note that Slide 6 shows that we successfully accomplished all of the items we laid out for 2011 at our Analyst Day a little over a year ago. We're very pleased with this progress and look forward to continuing that trend into and through this year. With that said, Ellen, let me turn it over to you. 
Ellen Wolf: Good morning, and thank you, Jeff. And good morning to those of you who are listening to our 2011 year-end earnings conference call. As Jeff mentioned, our 2011 10-K will be filed within the next day, as we continue to work with our auditors to make sure all the Is are dotted and Ts are crossed. Jeff has just reviewed with you some of the highlights for 2011. I will also briefly add some additional detail around the results for the year. 
 Turning to the Slide 8. Our overall 2011 was another year of strong financial performance with increases in revenue, net income and cash flow, as well as continued improvement in our regulated O&M efficiency ratio. For 2011, we reported operating revenues of approximately $2.7 billion, a $111 million or 4.4% increase over the $2.6 billion reported for 2011. GAAP earnings per share increased approximately 14%. Included in the GAAP number and related only to our discontinued operation is a per share benefit of $0.09 related to the cessation of depreciation, as well as a noncash charge of $0.14 related to the write-down of parent company goodwill associated with these discontinued operations.
 This write-down should have been recorded in the first and second quarter of this year. Therefore, when reviewing our 2011 financial statement, you will note in footnote 22, we have recast the 2011 quarterly results. This recast had no impact on ongoing net income, EPS or cash flow, and our year-end financial statements are correct. 
 As some of you may remember, when American Water was purchased by RWE in 2003, the premium RWE paid for American Water was booked at the parent company level. Even though American Water was sold in 2008 through a public offering, that goodwill remains on our books. When we sell subsidiaries, the goodwill associated with those subsidiaries also needs to exit our book. Since I'm sure that someone will ask this question, let me say that the annual goodwill impairment test, which we performed at the end of 2011, showed that there was no impairment to the $1.2 billion of goodwill that is on our books. 
 For the full year 2011, net income and diluted earnings per share, adjusted for the cessation of depreciation and the write-down, was approximately $319 million compared with the approximately $268 million for 2010; or $1.81 per diluted share, compared with the $1.53 per diluted share in 2010. The adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share represent American Water's ongoing operation, which is, as we have mentioned on previous calls, we feel is more appropriate way to view our business results. 
 Now I'd like to turn the discussion to the various components of our net income, starting, of course, with revenue. Overall operating revenues increased $111 million year-over-year. Operating revenues from our Regulated business increased approximately $83 million or 3.6%, driven by $134 million in rate increases obtained through rate authorizations for a number of our operating companies, which is related to our continued prudent investment in infrastructure to ensure reliable service. Revenue increases related to rates granted were offset by decreased revenues of approximately $57 million, attributable to decreased water sales volume in all customer classes in 2011, compared to 2010. And I'll be addressing water sales shortly. 
 As of today, we have 8 rate cases filed and awaiting final orders totaling approximately $258 million. There is, of course, no assurance that the filed amount of the rate cases will be what is finally awarded. A list of rate cases resolved and outstanding can be found in the appendix of this presentation. 
 And finally, our market-based operations revenues increased by $33 million during 2011, compared with the prior year. The increase was primarily attributable to the increase in contract operations group's revenue of about $22 million. This increase is mainly the result of incremental revenues associated with military construction and O&M projects of $43 million, partially offset by lower revenues associated with other expired or terminated contracts. 
 Now let me spend a few minutes talking about our water sales, the trends we are experiencing and the actions we are taking. The bar chart in this slide shows total water sales volumes from 2007 to 2011 in millions of gallons, and the tables show you the breakdown of the different customer classes. Except for 2010 which, if you remember, was characterized by a hot and dry summer in the Northeast, the overall trend has been one of declining water usage across all of our customer classes throughout all of the states in which we operate regulated subsidiaries. 
 The rate of decline over the past 5 years in our various states has ranged between 1.3% to 3.4%. Some of the variations are attributable to weather conditions and the overall economy. But increased water conservation, including the use of more efficient household fixtures and appliances, as well as declining household prices are affecting our water sales. This decline in usage contributes to regulatory lag and is an issue that we addressed in the rate cases that we filed in 2011 and will continue to address in all future rate cases. 
 Now in Slide 11, you can see total operating expenses for 2011 increased by approximately $36 million or 2% from 2010. Regulated operating expenses increased $21 million or 1.3% for 2011, compared with 2010. But really, that is primarily due to higher depreciation expense of just about $21 million resulting from additional utility plants placed in service and increased general taxes of $5 million, primarily attributable to higher gross receipt tax in our New Jersey regulated subsidiary. 
 Now offsetting these increases is lower O&M expense, mainly due to a decreasing usage, as we noted, mainly in our New Jersey subsidiary due to record rainfall in August. Our market-based operating expenses increased by about $22 million, mainly driven by expenses associated with our contract operations group increased activity in our military construction project. 
 Our continued focus on operating expenses can be seen in the continued improvement in our O&M efficiency ratio. As Jeff mentioned, for the year, our regulated entities O&M efficiency ratio decreased to 43.8% compared with 45.5% in 2010 and 47.7% in 2009. Our long-term O&M efficiency ratio goal of less than 40% is an important goal for this company, as it allows us to continue to invest needed dollars in our infrastructure, including IT systems, while lessening the impact of rate increases to our customer. 
 Let me talk a little bit about capital expenditures both for 2011 and '12. In '11, American Water invested $925 million in company-funded capital improvement, compared to $766 million in 2010. The company's continued investment in pipes and plants to ensure reliable service included the start of 2 large capital projects: a $100 million project in Pittsburgh to upgrade 2 water treatment plants and associated pumping capacity that will benefit over 0.5 million people; and a $75 million project to replace a 1920s era water treatment facility in New Jersey. 
 In '11, we also moved forward with our Business Transformation project to upgrade technology systems, which will ultimately provide more cost-effective and value-based services to customers, and result in enhanced value for our shareholders. We expect the ERP application to go live in August of '12, and the new customer information system and enterprise asset management system to be implemented throughout 2013. Total expenditures spent for our Business Transformation project through the end of '11 was approximately $140 million, of which about $100 million of that had been spent in 2011.  As we mentioned in our guidance call for '12, we intend to invest about $900 million to upgrade and maintain our water system. 
 And lastly, on Slide 14, we've provided a bridge to take you from our 2011 GAAP earnings per share of $1.75 to the ongoing adjusted earnings per share of $1.78, so you can have an apples-to-apples basis to compare against our 2012 ongoing operations guidance of $1.90 to $2 a share. Of course, these forecasts are subject to numerous risks, including those described under forward-looking statements in our earnings press release and in our 10-K. As a result of American Water's 2011 portfolio optimization effort, the company does not anticipate the need for an equity offering in 2012. 
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call back to Jeff for closing comments before opening it up for your questions. 
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. So in addition to growing ongoing earnings to $1.90 to $2 per share, what else should you expect from us in 2012? Well, if you look at Slide 15, we have laid out, once again, the expectations that you can judge us by as we go through the year for this next year. First and foremost, we'll remain dedicated to providing safe and reliable water services to our customers and the communities that we serve. We'll also continue our portfolio optimization effort with the closure of the Ohio-New York transactions and continued evaluation of other opportunities that may present themselves. 
 We'll also continue to be active on the regulatory front, both in filing appropriate rate cases needed to earn an appropriate return on our investments, to actively addressing regulatory issues like regulatory lag and usage trends that Ellen talked about, and continuing to champion the increased use of infrastructure surcharge mechanisms to help minimize rate impact, as well as provide the cash flow necessary to maintain the level of investment that we do. 
 And lastly, in our market-based operations, we will continue to expand the businesses that show promising growth like our homeowner services and military contract operations, while seeking to optimize the contribution from our muni contract ops group. These efforts will anchor our long-term earnings per share growth range of 7% to 10%. With approximately a 3% dividend yield, we seek to provide investors with a double-digit investment return with a thesis centered around investing in our country's critical water infrastructure. Again, we're very pleased with the 2011 performance and believe that we will keep the momentum moving through 2012. 
 With that, we'd be happy to take any questions that you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Dan Eggers from Credit Suisse. 
Dan Eggers: Jeff, I wonder if you could maybe talk or help walk us through the O&M efficiency target ratios you guys were using and kind of the goal of getting that down below 40% by '15. What leverage are you seeing to pull right now and kind of give you the confidence you're going to continue to be able to grind that number down over the next few years? 
Jeffry Sterba: Yes. Dan, there's really a series that focus on our operating excellence mantra. So trying to drive operating cost, for example, we have initiated 2 rounds of new efforts regarding our supply chain, where we have over $2 billion of flows through it. But quite frankly, we found that we're not really leveraging it across the system as much as we could. We do a good job, just not great. And so we're finding opportunities. For example, just from a recent pipe acquisition, we saved somewhere in the $3 million to $5 million range. We've got one in process on our fleet and meters, and we're seeing really good, solid results as we move from really -- move more into what I like to call strategic sourcing initiatives. We also, with the bringing forward of the elements of the SAP system through what we called Business Transformation, the first of 3 phases of which will go into service in August, we won't really see savings this year. But as we go forward, particularly starting in '14 and out, we will be able to drive savings in both our -- largely labor, which we can, hopefully, manage mostly through attrition, because these systems are going to enable a much higher degree of automation, a much higher degree of data that we can mine. And then last, I would just put it as, really, driving a culture of continuous improvement, where we're already starting to see the impact of projects that -- they may save $0.5 million here, $0.25 million there. But frankly, that starts to add up. So there is not one big thing, there are a series of things of which we are tackling: the processes we use to get our work done, to procure the materials for it, and how we deploy our skilled labor to meet the needs of our customers. 
Ellen Wolf: And Dan, if I can add, these strategic sourcing savings that Jeff is talking about is really around our capital and capital spend. And the money that we would save there, we can then reinvest in other capital projects within the system, which over the long run, as we replace those pipes faster, can help us on our O&M number. 
Dan Eggers: So the idea is that the base would be O&M savings as the efficiency of reinvestment, not so much the money being saved by getting the supply chain cheaper. 
Ellen Wolf: Not -- on the strategic sourcing side. 
Jeffry Sterba: Yes. Just on the strategic sourcing. All the other items -- because some of the sourcing, a lot of the sourcing that we're doing does affect our O&M costs, obviously, the labor side and being able to hold our labor cost constant through increased efficiency, as well as -- give you an example on the supply chain where it directly hits the O&M: our chemicals and power acquisition. So for example, what we've done with this entity called ENBALA to be able to sell power back into the grid, not just in a regular demand-management way, but really selling ancillary services, which have high value in markets like PJM. That drives down operating cost right away. So Ellen was referring just really to some of the strategic sourcing, which is more geared around our capital side. But we're exercising the same kind of approaches relative to the operating cost we procure through the supply chain. 
Dan Eggers: Not to belabor this issue, but when you think about the savings you get, there's also a regular cycle of rate cases being filed with the utilities. How much of this O&M benefit do you guys expect to retain at the bottom line rather than being a reduction in customer rates or need for increased customer rates? 
Jeffry Sterba: Over time, Dan,  we won't retain -- we don't anticipate retaining it. What it really does is help mitigate rate increases over time, that allows us to invest more capital on which we earn. So the way we look at it with our employees is, look, for every $1 of O&M expense we're able to take out of rates we can, in turn, invest $6 of capital with the same rate impact and earn $0.30 a share per year. So it's really a matter of helping structure what rates are made of to create more value for customers by infrastructure investment, which in return creates value for our owners because of the returns on that investment. The challenge, and what we want to make sure we avoid, is kind of what happened to the electric industry back in the early '90s when we pushed too far on rates. And all of a sudden, with O&M costs going up and capital being invested, regulators said, "Wait a minute. This is just too much pressure on customers." And so we ended up getting capital disallowed and all the things that I really don't ever want to go through again. So we expect, over time, we'll get back all the O&M savings. We'll keep it for windows of time until the next rate case, et cetera. But it really is given back and it creates headroom, if you will, for capital expansion. 
Dan Eggers: Thank you for explaining that. I guess, Ellen, just to make sure I understand this, the no equity for 2012 does that include a DRIP program equity raise? Or is that really 0 equity for coming in the door this year? 
Ellen Wolf: We'll still have slight, a very small amounts of equity that will be raised through the dividend reinvestment plan, as well as through any employee stock purchases. But that is, as you see historically, is minimal. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Roomberg with Ladenburg Thalmann. 
Michael Roomberg: So I'm looking at the broader trend. You guys underspent your, I guess, $800 million to $1 billion soft target for capital expenditures in '09 and '10. And it looks like you're now back on track in '11 and into '12 to meet or exceed those goals. And I guess, what I'm trying to get at was, in '09 and '10 I would imagine that construction cost came down a bit. And now, since then, they have now rebounded. And I'm just wondering whether or not you could quantify the impact of that, so as to determine whether or not the same volume of projects was completed as expected in '09 and '10 and therefore there wouldn't be a backlog that exists into '12, '13, '14. Or that's not necessarily what drove the less CapEx in 2009, 2010? 
Jeffry Sterba: Michael, I understand your point. It's very hard to filter through. I mean, there are obviously certain costs like copper and some components of steel that have increased in '11 versus earlier, versus, say, for example '08. But really, I think that's a pretty small impact on the overall cap spend. It's more driven by -- in '11, we had a couple of significant projects. One in Pennsylvania, or it's really a series but all associated with our Pittsburgh system. And then another major one in New Jersey. So it's -- are there some changes that have happened in individual components? Yes. Some have come up and there's a few that have gone down. So I think that's a relatively small impact. And part of that is also when and how we procure those materials. I think the strategic outsourcing, our strategic supply sourcing that we've talked about, is really geared around trying to create greater efficiency in our capital spend so we can get more done with the same dollars. But I think the thing that really drove 2011 is the completion of the projects, or the movement through the projects in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. Ellen? 
Ellen Wolf: Prices came down a little bit in '09 and '10. But not all that much, if you'll remember, because there was a lot of federal dollars going towards construction. So there wasn't that same amount of drive down to get business. And as Jeff said, a lot of this is around major projects. The Pennsylvania and New Jersey projects continue into '12. We have, as we've talked about before, a major project starting in California related to the supply issues out in California. So the capital continues to increase based on the needs. 
Jeffry Sterba: And a lot of the items where you're seeing more rapid escalation -- for example, copper, frankly, we've reduced our use of copper and are reducing it further by going to other materials. So it has had less impact on us than it probably would have had 5 years ago. 
Michael Roomberg: Got you. Okay. That's very helpful. And just moving on to rate cases. It looks like, based on your slide deck here, that you've settled the Missouri case. I'm just wondering if you have the terms available of that settlement. 
Ellen Wolf: Go ahead, Walter. 
Jeffry Sterba: Walter? 
Walter Lynch: This is Walter. No terms available yet, but we did reach a non-unanimous settlement and it's going to be going in front of the commission at some point. 
Ellen Wolf: And we'll disclose those to you as soon as we have them, we will let -- as soon as we know that they can become public, we will make them public. 
Michael Roomberg: Okay. And then just a couple of other quick rate questions as well... 
Jeffry Sterba: Michael, just a clarification. When we say it's a non-unanimous settlement, all parties have agreed not to contest it, even though they may not have signed onto the stipulation. So it's not going to be a contested stipulation. 
Michael Roomberg: Okay. Understood. In New Jersey, you guys have settled previously a lot of your prior cases a pretty short order. And we noticed that the rate council had, in this case, filed a formal recommendation. I'm just wondering, in terms of your thinking, whether or not you're surprised by that, your inability to settle it and how you look at this case now in the larger lights of what appears to be steadily improving regulatory environments in New Jersey? 
Walter Lynch: Well, the New Jersey rate case is going through its normal process. And right now, we're in discussions with all parties to try to reach settlement. And so it's a going through its normal process with a normal timing. 
Jeffry Sterba: I think they're coming out and releasing what their case, et cetera, is. It's really kind of, as Walter said, part of the process. I think there's certainly more focus on increasing rates. But I think we're reasonably -- we're hopeful that we'll be able to get to a good place for customers and for us, and have a reason to believe that will occur. 
Ellen Wolf: And I'd like to remind, normally in New Jersey, it's a 9- to 12-month process and we're still well within that timeframe. 
Michael Roomberg: Sure. Okay. And then lastly the New York-Ohio swap, any update on the timing of that? 
Jeffry Sterba: It should close -- well, I guess, one tick after midnight on April 1. 
Ellen Wolf: On April 1. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta from Goldman Sachs. 
Neil Mehta: So you completed, since our guidance call here, the sale of your Southwest operations. Just wanted to confirm that the cash inflow associated with construction, that's $470 million and you expect  to book it in Q1? 
Ellen Wolf: The actual cash flow which came in was $461 million. The difference is debt that was assumed and yes, we are booking it. The cash has come in, we've used it to pay down our short-term debt. And we were very happy to have it. And any other items related to the transaction will be booked in the first quarter. But as we noted, because there was the technical loss on the sale due to the goodwill at the parent company, all of that was now booked in 2011. 
Neil Mehta: Got it. And the second question, any regulatory events we should be keeping our eyes on, whether it's a set date that's in the public domain for staff, or a final decision in any of your major rate cases? 
Ellen Wolf: The only one that is truly mandated and less biased that we see is the Illinois  rate case. And as we've said, that's 11 months. So that won't be until much later in the year. But again, it's something you might want to look at. And as Walter said earlier, there's settlement in New York and Missouri. So we would watch for timing on those as well. 
Jeffry Sterba: The only other one I'd mention would be California, where we do have a partial settlement that covers most of the rate case. And we did have hearings on the cost of capital, which seemed to go very well. They were, quite frankly, fairly short. And so we remain optimistic that the cost of capital element will get put in place and the rate case will get resolved. We do have the assurance from the commission that the rates will be retro to January 1 of 2012. So while we'd like to get them in place, we're not losing anything. 
Neil Mehta: Okay. And then year-end estimated company-wide rate base, do you have that number? 
Ellen Wolf: No. We'll get it worked up for you and supply it. We don't have it at the moment. And again, I just need to caution you, it's an approximate number because each state has a very different nuance to it, so we do a very high-level rate base number. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Steven Fleishman: A couple of things. First, is there any update on the New Jersey DSIC process and just either timing or update there? 
Jeffry Sterba: Everything seems to be going according to plan, as we -- we believe that the commission will be holding -- they've gotten comments, they've received comments from parties. I'd say that the comments that were received on the proposal were generally positive and supportive of what's been in place. So we would expect that the commission would act on those comments and put forward the order within the next 30, 45 days, something like that. I don't think it should go much longer than that. So it's really -- now that it finally got through after the election, I think it's moving according to the schedule. And again, remember that, that probably won't have an impact on our earnings until we move into the second half of '13. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And then, when you talked about seeking other types of infrastructure charges and the other mechanisms to reduce regulatory lag, are there other certain key cases we should watch where those are pending right now, or to be pending, so we can kind of track how that's going? 
Jeffry Sterba: I'll let Walter address any that are pending. There's a few states where we had a proposal and we ended up modifying its timing, so for example, extending in Missouri beyond the St. Louis district. Others that you would mention, Walter? 
Walter Lynch: No. I think that's it. Getting New Jersey DSIC in place is obviously one of our keys. But we continue to look at the declining usage mechanisms in each of the states and working through some and [ph] to recognize that the decline, as we've said in this discussion here, is a little more  steep than what's been going on in the past and we want to get recovery of those revenues. So that's really a huge focus for us. 
Steven Fleishman: Okay. And one other question, and pardon if I didn't recall this, but in your guidance for 2012, did you give an assumption for your -- for sales? 
Ellen Wolf: No, we did not. We did say that we do continue to look at the decline as we put together our revenue figures. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff Sterba for closing remarks. Please go ahead. 
Jeffry Sterba: Well, again, thanks very much for joining us today. And we look forward to -- if we don't talk to you before the next quarterly call, we'll talk to you then. Have a great week. 
Operator: This does concludes this morning's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Walter J. Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Jeffry Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Ellen C. Wolf - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC Christopher J. Purtill - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to American Water's Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings conference call, an audio archive of the call will be available through November 10, 2011, by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 4478086. The online archive of the webcast will be available through December 5, 2011 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions] Following management's prepared remarks, we will then open up the call for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everybody, and welcome to American Water's 2011 Third Quarter Earnings Conference call. As usual, we'll keep our call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of this conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimate. However, since these statements deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. Now I'd like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to you all, and thanks for joining us. Besides Ed, I've also got Ellen Wolf, our Chief Financial Officer, who will join me in the presentation; as well as Walter Lynch, the President of our Regulated Operations, who will be available depending on the question they have.  We're pleased to report results in another quarter that demonstrates growth, increased financial performance and effective execution of our strategic initiatives. If you flip to Slide 5, you can see the results of this execution with solid performance for both quarter and year-to-date. Total system revenues increased about 2.3% quarter-over-quarter to a little over $766 million, while adjusted net income and earnings per share increased about 8% and 7%, respectively. So adjusted earnings per share was $0.76 a share for the quarter and $1.46 per share year-to-date. Now remember, these earnings levels exclude the benefit from the cessation of depreciation for the assets under agreements for sale in Arizona, New Mexico and Ohio. And recall that we're reporting adjusted earnings, so that it's comparable to the guidance that included the basic earnings from properties we are selling, but does not include the added earnings that come solely from stopping book depreciation on those assets from discontinued ops. As you know, the East Coast was hit this quarter, or last quarter, with extreme wet weather and overall, we experienced the 3.7% reduction in water sales volume. However, revenues for our regulated segment increased by 1.1%, driven largely by the rate case decisions that we've gotten. And I think also importantly, our regulated operations and maintenance costs decreased 1.7%. This, of course, drove down our regulated operating efficiency ratio, and has continued to improve to approximately 39.6% for the last quarter. On a rolling 12-month basis, the O&M efficiency ratio improved about 50 basis points to 44.9%. Just quickly on cash flow from operations for the quarter, it improved about 8%. It remains slightly down year-to-date, due to a 2010 tax refund and pension contributions. But obviously, it's moving back into the right direction with an 8% improvement quarter-over-quarter. So the solid results of this quarter allow us to reaffirm the increased earnings guidance range of $1.75 to $1.82 per share that we announced in September. If you flip to the next slide, Slide 6. This continuing performance improvement has resulted in our consolidated return on equity for the last 12 months, increasing to 7.02%, which is a meaningful improvement from the roughly 6.4% level of the prior 12 months. So this is obviously moving in the right direction, with more to come. Now let me just touch briefly on growth, a couple of items relative to that. As you know, as part of our portfolio optimization initiative, we've entered into an agreement to acquire 7 water systems in New York, that will substantively expand both our Long Island operations, as well as position us for what we believe can be some good growth up in the northern part of the state. During the quarter, we also completed the acquisition of the Roark Water & Sewer entity that serves about 1,300 total customers between its water and wastewater operations, and we also closed on another small water tuck-in Pennsylvania. We've signed another tuck-in acquisitions that we think are probably likely to close by the end of the year. On the Marcellus Shale front, which is obviously an area where there's a lot of activity, we've added 3 new drilling customers, so we now have a total of 15 customer relationships, along with 3 more points of interconnection for a total of 32. We continue to see a lot of interest and are exploring a number of different approaches and options with these customers that we've developed relationships with. Now let me switch briefly to something that I think in our industry is somewhat unique to American Water, and that's our focus on innovation. In the past few months, we've announced 3 new innovations all in the area of energy.  In August, we entered into a partnership with ENBALA Power Networks to utilize Smart Grid technology that allows us to harness the flexibility of our demand-side assets to deliver regulating margin to the electric power grid. Now we successfully piloted this technology in Pennsylvania, and it has worked very well, so we're now expanding this to our other facilities in the PJM region, as you know, PJ or probably those of you that follow the electric side, know PJM is a structured power pool that has embraced the ability to enable real-time integration of demand side resources. As that moves forward into other parts of the country, we'll also extend this technology and application to those other areas. Second, in September, the company was awarded a patent for a new wastewater treatment process that reduces energy consumption for membrane [ph] treatment by some 30% to 50%, as well as reducing the amount of chemicals used. Power and chemicals are the 2 biggest operating costs after labor involved in the wastewater treatment process. And last, in October, our New Jersey operations installed a floating array of solar panels, the first such array on the East Coast. This was done at the Canoe Brook plant, and it enables us to use the reservoir space for clean energy development. And it's also designed to withstand a freeze/thaw environment. On the capital investment front, we've invested $622 million in the first 9 months of 2011 compared to about $522 million for the first 9 months of '10. We expect to end the year having invested somewhere between $900 million to $950 million. One other thing I want to touch on though is, we discussed earlier the impacts of Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee had on the eastern seaboard in August and September. And I think that this is proof positive, not only of our investment in infrastructure and the benefit that, that has, but also the operating practices we deploy, and the -- frankly, very strong dedication of our employees. Through the -- both of those storms, we only lost temporary service to less than 2% of our customers in all of the states that were affected. And when you think about that compared to what can happen and what did happen in other parts and other systems, that's fairly dramatic. And there's lots of things that I think could drive that. We had employees that actually camped out on the roof of a water treatment facility that was flooded. We had employees that made their own decision to switch to self-generation in advance of the storm so we would avoid interruption of service, and a number of other things that I think really helped ensure great service to our customers. And I raise this because increasingly, the value our customers perceive they get from their service provider is going to impact regulatory actions, whether it be on rate cases or other matters. And we believe that this investment in helping ensure we provide a greater value-added service to them will be proof positive with the regulators, and will clearly be in the best interest of our investors. Last thing I want to mention on this front is really more relative to our employees and the company in large. We've made great strides over the past 12 months to better manage our healthcare expenses, which as you know, is one of the most rapidly growing expenses for corporate America. And we've done this by putting a very strong focus on wellness and condition management. And given what we have accomplished and what we're seeing with now over -- well over half of our employees being involved in wellness programs, we've been -- we're able to go into 2012 without significant increases in the healthcare cost to either the company or employees, and I think that's something that's fairly rare these days. Turning to Slide 7. We just talked about how our commitment to making investments in our systems and our people pays off in terms of being able to deliver high-quality reliable service to our customers. There was an interesting report recently published by American Water Intelligence, that makes some points I think you might find interesting. Their analysis of EPA data shows that investor-owned water utilities, especially larger ones like American Water, have a very strong compliance record when it comes to the Safe Drinking Water Act. The report shows that no major investor-owned water company has been fined by the EPA for Safe Drinking Water Act violations, and then enforcement actions are few and far between, particularly when you compare them to the rest of the industry in large. And American Water stands out among the industry, with an outstanding track record in exceeding those water standards. There are about 11,000 violations of clean drinking water standards across the country per year. We're roughly 5% of the market, so if we had 5% of the violations, that would be 550 violations a year. Last year, we had 4. Again, I think that demonstrates our commitment to ensure the quality of service we provide our customers, which is as I said, clearly in our investors best interest. So with that, let me ask Ellen to go into our financial performance in more detail.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thank you very much, Jeff, and good morning to everyone. Jeff has just reviewed with you some of the highlights of our third quarter and now I'd like to turn to the major factors that drove those results.  On Slide 9, as Jeff mentioned, you'll see, overall we had a solid financial results for the third quarter of 2011, with increases in revenue, net income and earnings per share, as well as continued improvement in our regulated O&M efficiency ratio. These results are driven by our team's commitment to strategy that focused around value to our customers, that results in value for our shareholders. For the quarter ended September 30, 2011, we reported operating revenues of approximately $767 million, that's $17.5 million or 2.4% increase over the $749 million reported for the third quarter of 2010. GAAP earnings per share increased approximately 10%. However, the GAAP number includes a benefit from the cessation of depreciation of our discontinued operations. For the third quarter 2011, that benefit was $0.02 per share. Adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share represent American Water's results as if we had continued to depreciate the assets of our discontinued operations, which we feel is a more appropriate way to view our business results. For the third quarter 2011, adjusted net income was approximately $134 million compared to approximately $124 million for the third quarter of 2010 or $0.76 per share compared with $0.71 per share in 2010. It should be noted that our net income for the quarter also has a discrete tax benefit of $4.5 million or about $0.025 per share related to the contribution of appreciated land to a county authority in Kentucky.  Now I'd like to turn the discussion to the various components of our net income, starting of course with revenue. Overall operating revenues increased $17.5 million quarter-over-quarter. Operating revenues from our regulated business increased approximately $7 million, driven by new rates and various surcharges granted by regulators related to our continued prudent investment in infrastructure.  For the quarter, the impact of these rate increases, some of which were granted and became effective during 2010, was approximately $27 million. These increases were offset by decreased revenues of approximately $18 million, attributable to decreased water sales in 2011 compared to the third quarter of 2010. I will be addressing the water sales for the quarter shortly. In our Market-Based Operations, revenues increased by around $11 million during the third quarter of 2011 compared to the prior's quarter. The increase was primarily attributable to incremental revenues of approximately $8 million from our Contract Operations Group, related to water and wastewater services we provide under several of our military services contracts. On Slide 11, as I had previously mentioned, the drive to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment, the ability to earn this return is driven by our ability -- drives our ability to invest in infrastructure. The awarding of an increase in rate cases by our regulators is a measure of the recognition of the value of our investment. This slide shows rate cases and infrastructure charges that have been recently granted. From April 2010 through November 3, 2011, we have been granted approximately $256 million in annualized revenue increases and infrastructure charges, assuming normal usage pattern. Included in this amount are infrastructure revenues of around $8 million, which we were granted in our Pennsylvania and Missouri subsidiaries, subsequent to the quarter end. Just as a reminder, for those of you viewing the chart, shown on this chart are the annualized increases, which will be realized over a 12-month period, from the date the new rates were effective. This may or may not match our calendar year for reporting purposes. This next slide shows the rate cases that have been filed and are awaiting a final order, as well as those rate cases where a settlement or a partial settlement has been reached among the various parties involved in the rate case, but still awaits a final order from the commission. During the third quarter of 2011, we filed general rate cases in Ohio, requesting additional annual revenue of around $8 million, and in New Jersey, requesting additional annualized revenue of around $95 million. Subsequent to the quarter end, we filed a general rate case in Illinois for $38 million in annualized revenue, if granted as filed. These rate cases are primarily driven by our continued investment in [indiscernible] infrastructure to ensure reliable service to our customers. As Jeff mentioned, the benefit of these investments was demonstrated in our ability to maintain service in the majority of our Eastern operations through some very severe summer weather.  Settlements or partial settlements have been reached in our general rate cases in Pennsylvania, Iowa and Hawaii, which would provide approximately $40 million of revenue if approved in accordance with the settlement agreement. And also late yesterday, California time, a cost of capital settlement was filed to be effective on January 1, and applied to our outstanding rate case. The cost of capital granted was 9.99% with an equity ratio of 53%. This settlement still needs to be approved by the commission.  As of November 3, excluding those general rate cases with full or partial settlements, we are awaiting final orders in 10 states requesting additional annualized revenues of around $277 million. There is of course no assurance that the amount filed or any portion thereof, to any requested increases will be granted. As a reminder, through these rate cases, we are working with regulators and their staff to address some significant regulatory issues, including declining usage and return on infrastructure spend, as well as pass-through mechanisms for key expenses that are an essential part of the service we provide such as chemicals and power costs. Turning now to our water sales volume for the quarter and year-to-date, Slide 13. Overall, our sales volume decreased from the quarter ended September 30, 2010 to 2011 by about 3.7%. On a year-to-date basis, the overall decrease in water sales volume was 2.9% from the prior year's comparative period. The year-to-date and quarterly volumes show continuation of the decreasing usage trends that we have noticed over the past 5 to 10 years, and that we are addressing on a rate case filings. But it is also reflects some of the extreme swings we have seen in the weather over the past couple of years in the third quarter. Last year, New Jersey had minimal rain and record high temperatures. This third quarter, in August alone, in parts of the Eastern United States, the rainfall for the month exceeded total rainfall in any month in recorded history. As we have noted in the past, we can never be completely sure of the reason for the declining usage for the given period of time, but we do know that a majority of the decrease of the third quarter was in our New Jersey, Pennsylvania and New York subsidiaries, which suffered extreme wet weather conditions and severe storms, including Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm Lee. Our Midwest operations were not affected by similar weather extremes during the third quarter, partially offsetting the weather impact of the East. Turning our attention now to costs. Total operating expenses for the third quarter of 2011 increased by approximately $2.7 million or 0.6% from the third quarter of 2010. Regulated O&M expenses actually decreased $5 million or 1.7% for the 3 months ended September 30, 2011, compared to the third quarter of 2010, mainly from lower production costs and lower purchased water expense. The decrease in production of costs is mainly due to decrease in usage, most notably in our New Jersey subsidiary due to the record rainfall in August. And the reduction in purchased water expense is in our California subsidiary, as we were able to meet our customer needs with water from our own system. Operating supplies and services decreased approximately $1.5 million. This 3-month period includes the recording of an anticipated recovery of around $2 million of expenses related to costs incurred, as a result primarily of Hurricane Irene, which costs have been recorded in the respective expense line. And finally, our market-based operating expenses increased by $6 million, mainly driven by expenses related to the Contract Operations Group's increased activity in our military construction projects. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back to Jeff for closing comments, before opening it up for your questions.
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. Turning to Slide 15, let me summarize the status of our accountability list, and recall, we presented this at the investor conference in February and we touch on it at each quarter to show where we stand on those initiatives. Relative to the divestiture of regulatory water and wastewater operations in Arizona and New Mexico, those are on track to close either at the end of '11 or very early in 2012. We have basic agreements in both states, but we need to go through the process of having preliminary order issued and the commission acting on it. We've also filed for regulatory approval in both Ohio and New York on our transaction with Aqua, and we expect that, that transaction will close in early 2012 also. Ellen went into detail on the rate filings, and I think we're on track to get the anticipated rate case decisions that are important to us for this year. As well as the filing of solid rate cases in a number of our jurisdictions. Let me also just mention that the New Jersey DSIC is on the commission's agenda for November, so we hope to have a rule in place, probably by late in the first quarter of next year. Declining residential usage, as Ellen mentioned, is of significant import. And it's been addressed in a number of different ways in every single rate case filing. We're continuing to work with our regulators on this issue, both from a structural side, as well as in the individual cases that we filed. As we talked about before, we're seeing solid progress in both our regulated operating efficiency measure, and our earned ROE and we'll continue obviously to drive for performance improvement in both these areas. While we have a number of initiatives going on at American Water on the business development front, some of which I mentioned earlier, let me just maybe give updates on 2 things we didn't talk about. First, Homeowner Services. This quarter, we launched the test offering of an electric and gas line, as well as appliance care program to a segment of our homeowner service customers to see how they respond to that, and we've also expanded the test that we've had ongoing relative to the hot-water heater initiative, because it's getting good response. We're also seeing good results from direct mail efforts to customers in geographies beyond the American Water footprint. On the military operations side, there are several utility privatization opportunities that we understand are under development, with notice given by the Army and Air Force that there will likely be additional request for proposals to be issued in the next 6 to 12 months. And as I mentioned, we're also continuing to work on the Marcellus Shale region, with both current and prospective water customers, expanding the number of drilling customers, points of interconnection and the proximity, increasing the proximity, to which that water is delivered to where they're drilling in order to minimize trucking costs and the other associated things associated with the trucks moving up and down these reasonably rural roads.  So in summary, we're on track, and we are pleased to report these results to you today. So let's close our comments and turn it over to you all for any questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Michael Roomberg with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just had one question, first, on the nonregulated business. It seemed like the operating margin in the third quarter leapt up from 8% in the second quarter to about 15% in this quarter. I think clearly, in the past, the third quarter has been somewhat seasonal, and certainly margins are a bit higher when volumes are higher. But I'm just wondering whether or not this large increase in the third quarter represents a new kind of paradigm in terms of the profit profile of that business or it's something that was more kind of related to the third quarter?
Jeffry Sterba: Yes, I'd say it's more cyclical, because it's seasonal rather than -- we're obviously focused on improving it, but I wouldn't read more into that than exists.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. But the jump I guess from 11% and a historical run rate of high-single digit, low-double digit operating margins in that business, so I guess that's kind of where we're going to continue to shakeout in this somewhat of a quarterly thing that is not likely to be sustainable or?
Ellen C. Wolf: Well, I think you see 2 things going on. One is, as we've talked about optimizing that portfolio in terms of what projects we go after and where our focus is. And second, as Jeff mentioned, this is seasonal, and we see a lot more of the military capital spend generally in the third quarter, and that is a different margin business from other existing contracts.
Jeffry Sterba: Remember that the military operates on the federal budget cycle, and so as you get the third quarter is really kind of the last quarter before they end that fiscal year. And so they're trying to move through the things, the projects that they can fund. So we typically will see that as a bit of a higher period of performance.
Michael G. Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc., Research Division: Got you. Got you. No, that's very good. And I guess from a larger picture perspective, clearly the acquisition environment is always kind of the gravy, if you will, to the story. I'm just wondering whether or not you guys have seen any changes in recent months that encourage you or discourage you about the opportunities that exist on that front?
Jeffry Sterba: I would say that we are seeing an increase in the general volume of inquiries or interest in discussing. Again, our business plan is not predicated on that happening. It is, as you said, gravy. We're obviously going to be very focused on what kinds of things we will do. There are a lot of municipalities that are -- that even though they're interested in talking, it may not be around a full acquisition for political reasons or what-have-you. The one thing I would just point out to you is as we've talked before, we are much more focused on doing those kinds of arrangements where we can be very helpful, but we can also make money. And kind of traditional O&M contracts with the municipalities is not a business that we see serving that latter objective of making a good return.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Christopher Purtill with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Christopher J. Purtill - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess, first, I was hoping maybe you could add a little bit of color, put some numbers around your long-term plans for improvement in that O&M ratio. When you look at that internally, is there like an annual reduction target that you've set? Or I guess, bigger picture, maybe a target level that you would like to hit as you look kind of a few years out?
Jeffry Sterba: Sure, CJ. We've established a goal, a 5-year goal last year to get our regulated operating efficiency ratio down below 40%, and I think we're on track to do that. It can be a little lumpy, because obviously it's affected by weather, on the one hand. But on the other hand, it is also the efforts that we've got to reduce our operating cost levels has -- is a very structured approach, and it's got a number of things, some of which are system related, and so we don't see the reductions until we bring in new systems, and so it can be a little lumpy by that, as well as other major initiative related. So for example, we've got a major initiative underway on supply chain and some of that takes a little while to get into effect. So it's not necessarily a year-by-year thing, but it's clearly to be below 40% within the 5-year window.
Christopher J. Purtill - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Got it. Okay, great. And then also on California, can you give us a little bit of an update there on what's happening with the Monterey desal project. I know that there were some meetings held recently to explore different supply options. So any color you have there would be helpful or maybe, Jeff, just you're kind of broader thoughts on desal as a viable supply option in California.
Jeffry Sterba: Yes, let me have Walter give some thoughts, and then I'll -- I may add some at the end. Walter?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. There've been a number of meetings with the 3 parties out in Monterey to resolve the water supply issues. I think we're making progress, we've been in mediation over the last several weeks. And I think we're making progress to get to the place where we're going to be constructing that desal in the near term. So that's really key to our water supply on California, in the Monterey Peninsula. Because as you know, we have a cease and desist that we cannot take out of the Carmel River beyond 2016. So it's key that we get that going, and I think we have the team in place working very cooperatively with the other agencies up in Monterey to get that done.
Jeffry Sterba: Let me just add, more of a general comment. Desal, from everything that I've seen and taking a hard look at that market, it's unique to it's location, right? It's not a "be all and end all." But desal, you're seeing increased interest in the -- in relative to produced water. Ocean water is probably the one that lags the most, but Monterey is a very unique location that has very limited options. And that's why we believe that this is probably the best option. None of them were cheap, but -- so I don't -- we don't look at Monterey as a resurgence of desal developments countrywide or just along the coast. I think it's going to be much more specific to the individual situation.
Edward Vallejo: Anything else, Walter, you wanted to add?
Walter J. Lynch: I think that's good, Jeff.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jonathan Reeder with Wells Fargo Securities.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Couple of questions for you. The, I guess, the land contribution in Kentucky, the $0.03. Do you have anything similar to that in the past or kind of plan for the future?
Ellen C. Wolf: Kentucky was a unique circumstance. It -- we don't have any land that we've done of this size in the past. You may find very small parcels of land that we have contributed, but they are immaterial in terms of our total asset base. This one was unique, and this is in Lexington, it's a park that they have been renting from us for $1 a year. And we felt this was the appropriate thing to do in terms of the community in Kentucky.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I guess this sale was probably contemplated when you guys raised guidance, is that correct?
Ellen C. Wolf: This is not included in the guidance. This was a unique, we were not sure of the timing of this. And again, it was not a sale, it was a contribution. So the only benefit to us is through the tax benefit on the value of the land versus its book value.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: But the tax benefit is not included in the guidance range?
Ellen C. Wolf: That is correct. $0.025.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess could just talk us through, I guess, Q4, it looks like you guys will need to do then, if the tax benefit isn't in there like $0.34, $0.35 to kind of get to the midpoint of your range, which seems abnormally high compared to the past Q4s, can you kind of talk about the drivers as to how we're going to there?
Ellen C. Wolf: So one of the key drivers, if you'll remember is one, the New Jersey rate case, which was not in effect at the end of the year last year. But did come into effect on January 1 of this year. So again, if you look at the rate case schedule, you'll find there a number of rates that became effective towards the end or latter half of the year, that will have an impact towards the end of the year. Pennsylvania wastewater which came in on January 1, Arizona which came in on January 1 as well, and then, later in the year, Tennessee, West Virginia and Virginia. So we have a number of cases that came in throughout the year, again, of revenue that did not exist at the end of last year.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So you just think the rate increases can get you to where you need to be?
Ellen C. Wolf: Again, it's a combination of that, and as Jeff has mentioned, our focus on cost containment, and becoming more efficient and as well as our continuing ability to take advantage of low interest rates.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Was there any impact on Q4 early on from weather last year. Do you recall if there was -- if it was rainy or anything like that?
Ellen C. Wolf: Off hand, I can't remember, but that's requiring me to remember yesterday. I'm not sure.
Jeffry Sterba: No. I think in a word, no.
Jonathan Reeder - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. All right.
Jeffry Sterba: Let me just for -- under the rubric of full disclosure, note that in our California deal, if it were to go forward, assuming it goes forward, which is what we believe, we've got a fairly large tract of land over 900 acres, that would be a public donation. We've got an agreement in principle that's been disclosed regarding that. So that's the only other one that we've got that's sizable. But it's predicated, we've got -- it's associated with demolition of the dam and...
Walter J. Lynch: Rerouting of the river.
Jeffry Sterba: Right. Rerouting of the river. So it's a couple of years off, but we want to make sure that we remind you of that.
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes, sorry.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Michael Gaugler with Brean Murray, Carret & Co.
Michael E. Gaugler - Brean Murray, Carret & Co., LLC, Research Division: Jeff, if you would, I'd like you to go back to your comments on the ENBALA partnership and the initiatives you're looking at in the PJM area. And I'm wondering if you're planning to add any type of generation for internal or external sales?
Jeffry Sterba: We have looked at some specific opportunities. We don't have anything to announce at this stage. What we're really doing is, we've developed this with ENBALA on the notion that it is our ability to store and regulate our water volume is a more cost-effective storage medium than trying to store electricity. And so we both have a demand side management opportunity from a capacity side. This one with ENBALA focuses on the regulating margin, the ability to provide real-time integrated capacity into that marketplace. So the installation of generation has largely occurred in New Jersey where we've focused on solar. I think, we've now got 3 installations that are in operation or -- yes, that are in operation. We've looked at some other things that involve water, but at this stage, we haven't. We don't have anything to announce.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Heike Doerr with Robert W. Baird.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted to follow-up on Jonathan's question, and I wondered, Ellen, if you could maybe talk to us how we should be thinking longer term about your effective tax rate. It seems that in past quarters, we've had these non-onetime, but still infrequent tax items that seem to give you a benefit. How should we be thinking about that as we look ahead?
Ellen C. Wolf: Generally, Heike, I would look at our effective rates anywhere -- trying to pinpoint this is difficult, but around 40%. We do every now and then, have unique items, this Kentucky one was unique, we were never sure of the timing of this. It's been in discussions for 5 or more years. So again, it's hard to predict. As Jeff mentioned, the only other large one that we're aware of that would be coming up is the one related to the San Clemente Dam, and again, that's been in discussions about what to do with the dam for several years. So again, we're not sure of the timing on that. I will tell you unique things will always pop up, it is unfortunately the nature of taxes and the tax rules.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, sometimes fortunately.
Ellen C. Wolf: Fortunately. Sorry, fortunately, they pop up. But at this time, I'm not aware of any or we would have gone ahead and booked them.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And about the New Jersey DSIC, what's the process? Once, let's say, that, that gets approved in November, what's the process before you can start quarterly reconciling the increase in rate base that you're putting into effect?
Jeffry Sterba: Walter?
Walter J. Lynch: Yes. Thanks, thanks, Jeff. Heike, well, if gets approved, it's on the agenda for November 9, then it gets published in the state register. And then there is a 60-day comment period, and the DBO will consider those comments, and then issue a final ruling. We're hoping at the end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then -- so you wouldn't need to...
Walter J. Lynch: Just for clarification. Yes, sorry, Heike, just for clarification. It's a 6-month filing for this, what's is in the proposal order not a quarterly.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And would each company need to then file their own request? Or after this action, you would all start to be able to every 6 months start submitting the filing or whatever it's called?
Walter J. Lynch: No, each company would have to file their own.
Heike M. Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So we wouldn't see this impact earnings until 2013, by the time you kind of go through the process?
Walter J. Lynch: Well, I think it would be the latter half of 2012, is when we'd start seeing the impact. If it goes according to that schedule that I just said.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs & Co.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So latest thoughts, Jeff, on portfolio optimization. Are you happy with the mix right now? Or there's still segments of the business that you would view as non-core?
Jeffry Sterba: No, I think the -- both from a geographic, regulatory and business opportunity base, we feel pretty good about the driving down to 16 states. There are a few states where we have very small operations, but they don't require a lot of overhead. So they're not -- typically, you're looking for scale, so you've can manage the overhead in a reasonable way. And these states really don't require that. I would say that there remain to be a couple of states that we still have an interest in the potentially moving into, so you could see growth on that side. And if the right opportunity comes along, whether it'd be through a trade to rationalize our positions, we'll continue to look at it, but we're pretty comfortable with where we are.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: In the timing of the Southwest sales?
Jeffry Sterba: I think there's a very chance they could either close right at the end of the year or there is a possibility it could slip into January. We have -- Arizona has -- and if it slips into January, it may not go till the end of the month just because it's easier to have these things clear at the end of the month. But in Arizona, we've had -- we've made great progress. We have an agreement that in fact, is now being shared with New Mexico, the potential of having the Arizona Commission act on it before we hit December 1, which would enable a closing by the end of the year. So whether it's December 31 or the end of the year, we have seen nothing come up that has -- creates the opportunity for this not to go forward in that time frame.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then, Ellen, you talked about some of the demand weakness in the East, potentially driven by the storms, offset by strength in the West, do we have a regional breakdown of demand?
Ellen C. Wolf: We do not disclose or talk about the regional breakdown or by states at this point in time. It's something we will consider for the future. I appreciate your input.
Neil Mehta - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then the last question, on CapEx. It looks like we're trending above last year. What's the driver for the higher CapEx? And is 900 to 950 the right run rate going forward, closer to that midpoint of the guidance range for CapEx as opposed to the lower end?
Jeffry Sterba: Ellen?
Ellen C. Wolf: The drivers 3 things. We have a major project going on in Pennsylvania, out in Pittsburgh. We also have a renovation of an old plant in New Jersey that's happening. And then finally, we have the cost connected with our transformation, is in full swing in 2011 and will continue into 2012. And then finally, a plant that we've put in in Indiana for about $25 million. So they are -- while we continue to refurb and upgrade all of our plants, this is really a year where we've been focused in 3 states.
Jeffry Sterba: And Neil, we'll talk about it when we provide guidance for next year. But I think, you're -- for the next couple of years, you're safe thinking about the midpoint of the $800 to a $1 billion. I know we had trended on the lower end of that for a couple of years, some done purposefully and others just delayed some projects. But I think we'll be more in the midpoint of that range.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of David Paz with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Just had a question on -- just your O&M efficiency ratio? What was that for the last 12 months ending September 30, not the year-to-date.
Jeffry Sterba: Ending, ending when?
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: September 30.
Jeffry Sterba: Of months? Yes. It's 45, 4, I believe.
Walter J. Lynch: Yes.
Ellen C. Wolf: 45.4 and we've reduced it to 44.9, LTM to LTM.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, 44.9 was this year, September 30?
Jeffry Sterba: That's correct.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Sure.
Ellen C. Wolf: So 50-basis point improvement.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Right. Okay. Also just to confirm, there's no change to your long-term growth rate of 7% to 10% earnings growth rate?
Jeffry Sterba: No.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And that's just still off of 2011 earnings?
Jeffry Sterba: Well, it's a long-term growth rate. We don't -- we have exceeded that range in the last couple of years, there'll be years in which it might be slightly lower or slightly higher. We think about it in terms of not an individual year abnormality that always happens, but what's the long-term growth rate.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: And then the higher CapEx that you plan this year, 900, 950, now I know your New Jersey rate case reflects on the renovation of that plant. And then I believe the Pennsylvania rate case had some of the spend from the Pittsburgh plant. But how should we look at that, in terms of rate cases that will need to be filed going forward? I mean, I know you have an above trend number of rate cases this year. Does that fully capture the increase in CapEx that you see this year? Or should we see kind of that trickle over to next year in terms of rate case filings?
Jeffry Sterba: It's one of those that it depends on the state. Because they're all unique and individual. Obviously, the 2 big ones for us are Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and in both of those cases, the settlements -- well, in Pennsylvania, the settlement reaches forward, and we feel very good about the inclusion of the capital, through known measurables, sense it's a historic test year. So it reached forward into 2012, and certainly includes the Major CapEx projects. On New Jersey, obviously, we've filed that case. It does have a -- the capital that is being spent, we're not at a point yet, obviously, to know what the settlement may be or what an outcome would be. But I think in most of the states, we have not -- I'm trying to think, Ellen and Walter, I don't recall where we've had any capital that we filed in a rate case, whether it's a future test year or a historic test year with known and measurable. Where we have had capital pulled out in this last round of rate case.
Ellen C. Wolf: That we've spent? No.
Jeffry Sterba: So I think, it's always hard to say the amount that we're spending in '11, when will it be actually reflected in rates. Some of it is being -- going to be reflected in rates starting at the first of 2012 or possibly even in '11, in the Pennsylvania case. And other amount of it will be coming on the states, say for example, Indiana, we're in the midst of a rate case in which that investment is included in the rate case. So it's a little bit of both, I guess would be the easy -- the short answer, Dave.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on your call, that you -- I think, in the news release you said that you have a call to release 2012 or announce 2012 guidance. That's timing -- is that when year end? Should we say December, can you give us any more kind of timing?
Jeffry Sterba: We'll give -- we'll certainly give you advance notice of when it will be. It will either be mid-December or early in January. It's more calendar driven and stuff like that. I promise we won't do it the week before Christmas, and we won't do it the week between Christmas and New Year's.
Operator: We have time for one last question from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: Most of my questions have been answered, but if you could just take look at the operating expenses out until next year, is there anything that jumps out as far as being a potential headwind or tailwind over the next 12 months that we should be aware of?
Ellen C. Wolf: The one issue, and one that I think every company who has a pension plan is facing in the U.S. is around pensions, and 2 things that drive it: The return on assets and what's happening in the stock market, and the second, the discount rate which calculates the liability. I think, that's one area we will continue to watch very closely, and as many other companies are doing the same throughout the U.S.
Garik S. Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: So beyond pension, there -- cost we should think of it is relatively stable year-over-year?
Jeffry Sterba: Yes. In fact, we plan on doing things to help use innovation and/or efficiency to offset any escalations that come from inflation.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Jeff Sterba for any closing remarks.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, thank you, again very much for joining us today. We enjoyed the visit, and obviously, it's always good to talk about good quarters, but we will let you know as soon as we've resolved when we'll be announcing guidance. And if we don't talk to you before Thanksgiving, have a great Thanksgiving holiday.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call. You may now disconnect, and thank you, for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Walter Lynch - President of Regulated Operations and Chief Operating Officer of Regulated Operations Ellen Wolf - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Jeffry Sterba - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Edward Vallejo - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Ryan Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Barry Klein - Citigroup Inc Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc. Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Research Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the American Water's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company's website, www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available through August 11 of 2011 by dialing (303) 590-3030 for U.S. and international callers. The access code for replay is 4456951. The online archive of the webcast will be available through September 6 of 2011 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to introduce the host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Edward Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to American Water's 2011 second quarter earnings conference call. As usual, we will keep our call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared statements, we will have time for questions. But before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that during the course of the conference call, both in our prepared remarks and answers to your questions, we may make statements related to future performance. Our statements represent our most reasonable estimates, however, since these estimates deal with future events, they are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company's SEC filings. Now I would like to turn the call over to American Water's President and CEO, Jeff Sterba.
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ed. Good morning to all of you, and I appreciate you joining us this morning. In the room with Ed and I is Ellen Wolf, our Chief Financial Officer who will join me in the presentation; Walter Lynch, the President of Regulated Operations; and Kellye Walker, our Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel.  It's a pleasure to once again announce strong performance for the quarter from all of our lines of business, and this continues the trend of improving financial results that you've seen over the last year.  As you can see on Slide 5, total system revenues increased 6.2% quarter-over-quarter to just under $675 million. Adjusted net income and earnings per share increased by 11.8% and 9.5% respectively over the prior year to a little over $81 million and $0.46 a share. You'll recall that we are showing these results with an adjustment to our GAAP earnings to exclude the benefit from the cessation of depreciation for assets under agreements for sale. And remember last quarter, that included our Arizona and New Mexico properties. For the second quarter, it also includes Ohio. This adjustment that we make enables there to be an apples-to-apples comparison to our earnings guidance.  You'll note that cash flow from operations is the only one of the indicators that's slightly down from 2010. This is driven by a onetime tax refund received last year and an increase in pension investment this year. As you saw on our press release, we estimate that our earnings per share as adjusted will now be in the upper end of the guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75 per share based on our performance to date. And then Ellen will go into more details on this and our financials. But let me first speak about our portfolio optimization efforts and some other highlights of the quarter. Moving to Slide 6. You'll see that upon completion of the transactions we've previously announced as part of our rationalization process, our regulated footprint will be reduced from 20 to 16 states. Our scale and cost efficiency will be improved, as will our financial performance. And each and every one of these transactions, when you include the use of proceeds, is additive to the value of the company and will enable us to increase our earned ROE more rapidly. Now these are all relatively small transactions when you compare them to our overall system size. So they don't move the needle dramatically, but they will improve both our short and long-term performance. Our most recent news on this front was the announced agreement to purchase Aqua [ph] 7 regulated water systems in New York. This will about double our New York customer base, adding approximately 152,000 people in 4 counties, and it will make our operations in New York the largest investor owned water utility in that state. Not only does this agreement allow us to take advantage of economies of scale, it gives us a platform for growth in areas north of New York City. And the sale of our Ohio properties doesn't diminish our opportunity to continue to participate in the important growth of the Marcellus Shale region, given our strategic positioning throughout many of the active drilling areas in Pennsylvania. As to the pending sale of our Arizona and New Mexico properties, regulatory hearings will occur later this month. We really haven't run into any opposition to the transaction at this stage, and so closing by year end remains feasible. We've also closed on both the Missouri acquisition, which added approximately 10,000 people to our service along with the sale of the small Texas properties.  Turning to Slide 7, let me just touch on a few other quarterly highlights. Our earned return on equity increased to 7.1% over the last 12 months, which continues our drive to reach our allowed rates of return. We increased our dividends to shareholders by 5% to $0.23 per share, continuing the consistency of yearly increases to dividends since the IPO issue. During the second quarter, we filed general rate cases in 6 states requesting additional annualized revenues of just over $150 million. And then in July, we have filed another 2 cases in Ohio and New Jersey for approximately $104 million.  So far, year-to-date, we've also continued our strong investment track record, and we've put in almost $392 million to improve infrastructure and service reliability, which reflects about a $65 million increase from the same period in 2010. We also completed the industry's first report on environmental, social, and governance performance against GRI guidelines. I think, for me, the important part of this is that we really have a strong corporate commitment to sustainability and integrated water resource management, which I firmly believe will enable growth opportunities for us in the future while also just being the right thing to do. And we'll talk more about particularly the integrated water resource management and how we see that fitting into growth opportunities in the future at a later meeting.  Now I've already discussed the transactions that have been driven by our rationalization review. In addition, we just completed the acquisition of the Roark Water & Sewer operation that operates in some counties near Branson, Missouri. And we, I think, also announced the receipt of 2 design, build operate wastewater contracts in Massachusetts.  We're continuing to expand service in the Marcellus Shale region where we now have 29 points of interconnection serving 12 different drilling companies. These are mostly hard line connections, so that we are not adding to the movement of trucks and the environmental issues that are associated with that. We're adding pipe into the ground. And one thing I want to touch on that I think represents -- on the one hand, it doesn't -- you could say, how does it add to shareholder value? In my mind, it adds dramatically because it demonstrates the commitment we offer to our customer.  As you may know and recall that in June, Joplin was hit by a devastating hurricane and killed over 130 people, and about 8,000 structures were either completely destroyed or significantly damaged. And this is in a town of only about 55,000 people. I really couldn't be more proud about what our people did, coming from all over parts of Missouri to help ensure that we could get water pressure for fire and other reasons back from 0 to full pressure within 24 hours, and to be able to do the things necessary to move off of a mandatory boil advisory because of all the entrant points that had occurred with the rupture of lines, the demolition of hydrants and the like within 6 days. I really couldn't be prouder of our folks.  And along that line, as you know, having engaged employees obviously makes a business better. And with all the technology challenges, businesses face, having your IT group named as one of the Top 50 Best Places to Work, we did score in the Top 50 of the entities in the Top 100. It gives me some comfort about our ability to meet our technology challenges. And the value of our employee wellness program is really direct and fundamental. With what has and will continue to occur in healthcare cost, having a culture in programs that focus on employee wellness and disease management is the greatest tool to managing those costs in the future. The payoff is both in healthcare costs but also employees who feel good and are more productive. These are the kinds of things that add up to sustained value creation for our customers and shareholders.  With that, let me turn it over to Ellen to go into the details of the financials.
Ellen Wolf: Thank you, Jeff, and welcome to those of you who are joining us for our second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Jeff has just reviewed with you some of the highlights of our strong second quarter. Now I'd like to review with you some of the key drivers of those results. For a more detailed discussion, please feel free to access our 10-Q through our IR website. The Q was filed with the SEC yesterday after the market closed.  As Jeff just mentioned, overall, we had solid financial results for the second quarter of 2011, with increases in revenue, net income and earnings per share, as well as continued improvement in our regulated O&M efficiency ratio. These results are driven by our team's commitment to strategies that focused around value to our customers that result in value for our shareholders.  For the quarter ended June 30, 2011, we reported operating revenues of approximately $674 million, a $39 million or approximately 6% increase over the $635 million reported for the second quarter of 2010. GAAP net income and earnings per share increased over 14%. However, they do include a benefit from the cessation of depreciation of our discontinued operations. Adjusted net income and adjusted earnings per share represent American Water's results as if we had continued to depreciate our discontinued operations. Our second quarter 2011 adjusted net income was approximately $81 million compared with around $73 million for the second quarter of 2010 or $0.46 per share compared with $0.42 per share in 2010. Included in these numbers is approximately a $0.03 per share contribution after depreciation from these discontinued operations.  Now I'd like to turn the discussion to the various components of our net income starting with revenue. As Jeff mentioned, operating revenues increased $39 million quarter-over-quarter, with approximately 80% of that increase being driven by our Regulated Operations. Operating revenues from our Regulated business increased $28 million or around 5%, driven by new rates and various surcharges granted by regulators relating to our continued investment in infrastructure.  For the quarter, the impact of these rate increases, some of which were granted and became effective during 2010, was approximately $41 million. These increases were offset by decreased revenues of approximately $16 million, attributable to decreased water sales in 2011 compared to 2010. I will be addressing shortly the water sales for the quarter.  In our market-based operations, revenue increased by approximately $12.5 million or 16.6% during the second quarter of 2011. The increase was primarily attributable to incremental revenues of around $11 million from our contract operations group relating to water and wastewater services that we provide to several military bases. Now as has been previously mentioned, the ability to earn an appropriate rate of return on our investment is a key element of our creating value for our shareholder, customer and employees. Our rate cases are one measure of the recognition of the value of our investments.  This slide shows increases and infrastructure charges that have been recently granted. During 2010 and into 2011, we were granted approximately $251 million in annualized revenue increases and infrastructure charges, assuming normal usage pattern. In the second quarter, our Tennessee and West Virginia rate cases, both of which were filed in 2010, were approved, authorizing additional annualized revenues of $5.6 million and $5.1 million respectively.  In July of 2011, additional annualized infrastructure revenue of $3.3 million was granted and became effective relating to infrastructure investment in both our Pennsylvania and New York subsidiaries. And on July 29 of 2011, just last week, interim rates, which provide for an additional $2.3 million of annualized revenues, were put into effect under bond subject to refund for our Iowa subsidiary. Just as a reminder for those of you viewing the chart, shown on the slide are the annualized increases which will be realized over a 12-month period from the date the new rates were effective. This may or may not match our calendar year for reporting purposes. This next slide shows the rate cases that have been filed and are awaiting a final order. As of August 3, 2011, we have approximately $315 million in general rate cases filed in 11 states awaiting final order. During the second quarter of 2011, we filed general rate cases in 6 states, Pennsylvania, Iowa, New York, Indiana, New Mexico and Missouri, requesting additional annualized revenues of about $151 million. And within the past months, we have filed general rate cases in Ohio, where we are requesting additional annualized revenues of around $8 million, and in New Jersey, where we are requesting additional annualized rate revenues of about $95 million. In addition to these general rate cases, we also have outstanding requests for annualized revenue increases for infrastructure surcharges, purchased water and sewer treatment surcharges amounting to approximately $3 million. There is, of course, no assurance that the filed amount of any portion thereof to any requested increases will be granted. As a reminder, through these rate cases, we will be working with regulators to address some significant regulatory lag issues, including declining usage and the timing of infrastructure spend, as well as pass-through mechanisms for key expenses that are an essential part of the services we provide such as chemicals and power costs. Turning now to our water sales volumes for the quarter and year-to-date. Overall, the sales volumes decreased from the quarter ended June 30, 2010 to 2011 by approximately 3.7%. On a year-to-date basis, overall, water sales volumes have decreased 2.3% from the prior year's comparable period. The year-to-date and quarterly volumes show continuation of the long-term decreasing usage trend that we have noticed and which has accelerated over the past few years.  We can never be completely sure of the reason for the decline in usage. While weather is certainly a factor, at this time, it also appears that for residential, the decline is related to conservation and more efficient water-related appliances. For our industrial customers, usage appears to have flattened out year-over-year. And for our public and other usage customers, we did see a decline of about 4.4% year-to-date, which may be an indication we'd believe of the economic hardships that many municipalities are now facing. We will continue to monitor water consumption carefully and to address this decline with our state regulators and have done so in our rate case filings for this year. Now many of you on the East Coast may have noticed some very hot weather in June continuing into July, which in some ways is similar to last year's weather pattern. However, the major difference between the 2 years, particularly in New Jersey, is that in 2010, there were significant periods of time without rainfall in the summer, which triggered discussions of the need for drought mitigation. In 2011, while we also have had a very hot weather, we also have had more rain. Supplies are at or above normal levels in New Jersey, and there have been no drought discussions from either state or regional authorities. And then also, as a reminder, in the Midwest, during the second quarter, there was an unusual amount of rain leading to floods throughout many of these Midwestern states.  Turning our attention now to expenses. Total operating expenses for the second quarter of 2011 increased by approximately $27 million or 5.9% from the second quarter of 2010. Regulated O&M expenses increased $9.7 million or about 3.7% for the 3 months ended June 30, 2011, mainly from increases in employee-related costs, which were driven by pension expense, and also increases in operating services attributable to filling open positions with temporary labor as a result of our business transformation project, as a number of our employees are now working full time on that project.  As mentioned previously, our regulated O&M efficiency ratio improved from 43.6% for the quarter ended June 30, 2010, to 43.2% for the same quarter ended in 2011. And on a 6-month basis, our O&M efficiency ratio has improved to 45.5%, a 70-basis point improvement versus the comparable period last year. We continue to see improvement in this ratio as we remain committed to cost containment and long-term margin improvement. Our market-based operation expenses increased by about $9 million, mainly driven by expenses related to the contract operations group's increased activities in our military construction projects.  And now finally, as you heard from Jeff, we reaffirmed our overall earnings guidance for 2011 from $1.65 to $1.75 per share. While there are no changes to the earnings guidance, we anticipate being at the upper end of the guidance range based on our performance year-to-date and assuming no unusual events that would impact water sales volume for the remainder of the year.  The guidance range, based upon what we call adjusted earnings per share, does not recognize the benefit of earnings per share of the cessation of depreciation for our discontinued operations in Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Ohio. And that impact is expected to be around $0.09 per share for 2011. I would also like to note the board's decision to increase the quarterly cash dividend reaffirms our commitment to providing to our shareholders a total return, consisting of both stock price growth and dividend.  And with that, I'd now like to turn the call back to Jeff.
Jeffry Sterba: Thanks, Ellen. If you look at Slide 16, this is the slide -- the standard slide that we've talked about in the past in which you can track our progress. Most of these items, we have not talked about, so I'm not going to go back over them in detail. Let me just highlight a couple. First, one of the items that we've talked about before and Ellen also addressed was the issue of declining residential usage. And every rate case that we have filed this year, it has been addressed there. It is being addressed in different ways. I mean, as you know, there are really 3 different approaches that are being used, and which approach is used is really kind of dependent on where the negotiations and discussions are with that state and what the particular situation of that state may be. So in one instance, we filed, what I call, a more full decoupling mechanism that's like what we have in New York. In other states, we have filed changes in rate design that move us to more emphasis on the fixed and less on the volumetric component of the rate. And in other states, we have used regression analysis over a shorter period of time to do a forward-looking adjustment to residential consumption. So it kind of depends on, which approach we use depends on the state and their particular situation. But it is being addressed in all of the states, and we will continue to push on that hard.  Ellen touched on both the improvements of operating efficiency and earned ROE. Let me just touch on one other aspect of growth. Let me use Homeowner Services this time to just highlight a few things that are going on. We are now moving warranty products into the commercial segment, which is something that we haven't in the past done. We've been focused on the homeowner side, and we're seeing a good opportunity into the commercial side.  We're also exploring ways to expand home service warranty offerings into gas and electric line and appliance care areas to expand the portfolio of offerings that can be available to customers. So those are just a few of the things that continue to help us view that we'll be able to have reasonable growth out of our market-based operations. And as you can tell in the second quarter, as Ellen highlighted, we've picked up revenue of over $12 million and cost decreased of around $9 million. So adding to the bottom line.  With that, we will be happy to take any questions that you may have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Ryan Connors with Janney Montgomery Scott.
Ryan Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: A very detailed review of the quarter, so I've actually got a couple of bigger picture questions. And first off, just actually on the market-based side. I know Jeff, you've talked, since you have joined the company, about rolling out kind of an innovative approach to contract operations on the municipal side, and there was an interesting kind of beta test of that in California with Rialto that did not work out. I wonder if you could just briefly summarize how that situation went down from your perspective? What the key drivers were behind that ultimately not making it across the goal line, and what the company learned about how it approaches those types of opportunities going forward? How you might tweak that model? And then finally, just what that says about the state of the appetite for contract operations on the municipal side?
Jeffry Sterba: Good question. A couple of things about the Rialto. A, it's not over. It's not been decided what happened as we ended up with a 2-2 vote out of the city council, and that's not a definitive vote. It just did, meant that the deal could not go forward at this stage. So there's still ongoing discussions because they still face a fairly significant problem back in some respects. It seems to be manifesting itself more significantly for them. But I think there are -- there's clearly are some learnings. One of the major challenges, and this can occur in a lot of the situations, is that there's a significant rate increase. Now in this situation, the significant rate increase is there regardless of the proposal we had in front of them. But I think one of the things that happened is that, that rate increase got tied to our proposal because it was a specific proposal. And their own analyst, the old R.W. Beck, SAIC firm, even demonstrated that they would still be facing a significant rate increase. But I think you get that label and it creates tension in a community, particularly during these economic times. The reality that Rialto and other communities have to face is okay. So if not this, then what. And it's the then what that I think some communities will struggle with. Our position and commitment is that we're interested in finding a different way to be able to provide value to those markets. We will not go back to doing it in the traditional, short term, contracted O&M way. And if we can't find a way to do that, well, then we just won't do it. I do believe, though, that there is a market. It's targeted. It's not a broad-based desire of cities to sell out their systems or to do something like this. But there are definitely multiple entities that do have an interest, and those conversations are starting to continue to move. And as I said, Rialto is still on the table. So I think the learnings for us, one, is that the rate impact that a city faces has got to be understood by the city, independent of what we propose. And they really have to help their constituency understand the need to raise rates. And that this is a way -- maybe the same rate increase, but it will create greater longer-term value. And if we can demonstrate that, then I think that business model could be successful.
Ryan Connors - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay, and then on the regulated side, I just wanted to get some view on this issue of portfolio optimization or the swaps or whatever people are calling it. I think there's a broad consensus that, that game plan makes sense strategically. And obviously, there's more -- there's further overlap with your listed peers. There are other deals taking place, obviously, outside of even your own company. So it seems to be a very active period here in terms of assets management by you and your peers. What are the limits to that process continuing at this pace or even accelerating. I mean, are there limits to how quickly the industry can do these deals whether they're personnel, internally, whether they're regulatory in nature, or can we kind of expect this period of accelerated activity to kind of sustain itself for a little while?
Jeffry Sterba: Well, in any of, each of these transactions, you have to look at it on its own merits. And in one of the things that at least we're sensitive to is also transaction cost. So there are times you may be able to do something but the transaction costs that could be associated with regulatory approvals, et cetera, can take those whatever the benefits may be to something that just doesn't make it worthwhile. That said, I think the good thing that has happened is that the dialogue has opened up, instead of people kind of hunkered down behind their own walls to have the conversations about how can we benefit the overall industry and our customers. And if there are ways to do that, that are sensible for owners and customers and passed regulatory muster, then there will be a basis to pursue them. I'm not sure that I would forecast that we're going to see a huge rash of this because transactions are still fairly labor-intensive, and there's a pace at which it can go. And I think we and others in the industry were fundamentally based on being utilities that provide service to customers. Transactions are not our business. They can be a way in which we enhance our business.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Mike Roomberg with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: I just want to start off with the New Jersey rate request that was just filed last week. It was a bit earlier than we had expected previously. I know that you guys have been on about a 24-month filing schedule. And I guess, given that you have a 10 3 ROE in the state right now, and/or from what I understand, also in the midst of the proceeding with prospective bids. I just want to get your perspective on why now and kind of the rationale behind that?
Walter Lynch: Okay, this is Walter Lynch. I'll take the question. The New Jersey rate request is really tied to the significant capital that we've been putting into the system since our last rate increase. It's really about $300 million, and a big portion of that is the new plant that we're putting up in Short Hills, New Jersey. And that will be completed the summer of 2012. So it's really tied to the capital and the necessary infrastructure investment that we're making in the systems in New Jersey.
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay, understood. But is there any kind of read-throughs to, say, other states that you have filed on a more rapid filing? I think you last filed 16 months ago as opposed to, again, the 24 months historical precedent. Is there any read-through in terms of your filing timelines in other states that we can read from this?
Ellen Wolf: Hi, this is Ellen. The way we file rate cases is really around our capital investment. And as we noted in New Jersey, what we have is an accelerated capital investment because of the need to upgrade and update and put a more modern plant in replacing something that's over 100 years old. You'll note we also filed in Pennsylvania because we have a major project that we had talked about going on there, as well in Pittsburgh. So really the drive around our rate cases is the timing of any major capital investment.
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay, understood. So I guess -- you mentioned Pennsylvania. We follow 2 other companies that have very significant presence in Pennsylvania. And both of them this year are recording a tax benefit related to -- a unique tax benefit in Pennsylvania for bonus depreciation. One has been reporting it as onetime item. One has been reporting it as a lower overall general tax rate. Do you guys -- it seems that your tax rate is up a bit this year on a consolidated basis. Given that PA is about 25% of your company, is that something that you guys are not accruing and I just -- in terms of figuring out how that compares to next year's results or estimates, I'm just trying to get a handle on that, can you help me with that?
Ellen Wolf: Sure, and let me do that in 2 parts and not just Pennsylvania. Let me go back to 2008 where as a company, we were very -- took the position to apply for a repairs and maintenance deduction, which was not required but was something we took the initiative on because it does provide a cash flow benefit to us, and therefore, our customers. We filed for that back in 2008 and have recorded the benefit of that back at that time and in 2009. And that is one of the main drivers of our tax loss carryforwards that we have that are going to benefit us for a number of years. In 2011, you might remember, on our first quarter, we did announce a benefit of a little under $5 million for Pennsylvania related to adopting bonus depreciation and therefore, realizing a state benefit in the first quarter. And again, we did announce that and took that benefit in the first quarter of 2011.
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: Okay, I see. And then, I guess lastly, we were impressed to see the dividend grow at a 9% year-over-year rate and with this most recent increase. I'm just wondering, as you go forward and think about the payout ratio, et cetera, whether or not you see that as being a sustainable rate or something that you even could grow. Can you comment on that?
Jeffry Sterba: You said 9%. I mean, I think it is a 5% growth rate. That's what we have sustained since the IPO. We've talked to an awful lot of our owners about the issue of dividends and the balance between being able to reinvest that capital at a strong regulated rate versus paying it out in dividends, and what's really come out of those conversations in our belief is striking the right balance. And then, what's really important to people is consistency in its growth. And that's really where we're focused. We don't necessarily look at the payout ratio as driving the decision. But obviously, we're in a situation where earnings are growing a bit more rapidly than the dividend is increasing, which has been increasing at 5% a year.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Heike Doerr with Robert W. Baird.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I had a couple of questions. First, on your infrastructure surcharges. On Slide 10, Ellen, can you tell us how much of this $41 million in revenue increase is attributable to base [ph] rates versus how much of that is from these infrastructure surcharges?
Ellen Wolf: Yes, and Heike, the majority of that is from rate increases. When you look at the total amount for the year, it again helps us close regulatory lag. It is really around the rate cases that drive that increase.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: But would you say it's 25% of that $41 million, maybe only 10%. How should we think about it?
Ellen Wolf: I would think about it as a small portion of that.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, and on Slide 11, where you list the infrastructure surcharges by state, is this as of the beginning of 2010, this $34 million? Or is this just in 2011 you've had $34 million of infrastructure surcharges awarded?
Ellen Wolf: This would be those infrastructure surcharges that have been awarded in 2010 or 2011 that have not been covered by the rate cases above. So to the extent, if we had had an Illinois decision, that Illinois -- that $1.6 million that's on the chart, that is since the rate case has been decided.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, do you know year-to-date, how many infrastructure surcharges have been awarded just in calendar 2011?
Ellen Wolf: I will have to get you that number, Heike, offhand, I don't know. We'll be looking at -- we can get to this.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And on the consumption pattern, if we look at the differences between the first quarter and the second quarter, what jumps out is that you had seen a modest increase in industrial consumption in the first quarter. And in the second quarter, we saw that going back to being a decline as it had been with residential and commercial. Can you tell us what's going on there?
Ellen Wolf: Heike, it's difficult to tell what goes on in any one category. But generally, we look at the first quarter as a cleaner quarter, and that is not impacted by weather.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Is industrial impacted by weather, though?
Ellen Wolf: Just to the extent they're watering their lawns or their plant sites and things like that.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, and also remember that some of our industrial load is in that floodplain area, that in the second quarter had real challenges relative to their operation. If you think about the food processors, a number of the food processors actually got stranded. They couldn't even get to their plants for processing, and that's where we saw some of the volume.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay, that's helpful. And as a final question, just to make sure that we're all talking apples-to-apples for how your guidance looks compared to what the earnings are. In the first quarter, we had been talking about $0.24 from continuing operations and $0.03 of discontinued operations. But I don't recall us really talking about the cessation of depreciation. Can you reconcile that for me, so that first quarter and second quarter, we're looking at them the same way?
Ellen Wolf: Yes. I think in the first quarter, we did talk about cessation of depreciation. The number for that first quarter was about the same, $0.03. So when you look at the discontinued ops, it has a $0.03 boost in it for the first quarter related to that depreciation.
Jeffry Sterba: And Ellen, for the year, we expect that to be equal to $0.09.
Ellen Wolf: About $0.09. This is a little higher than you heard at the end of the first quarter because we've now added Ohio to the discontinued operations.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Brian Chin with Citigroup.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: There's been quite a bit of activity from other high-quality credit players about placing capital out there at very, very low cost. Is there any opportunity that you guys see about potentially refinancing some of your fixed-rate debt just to take advantage of a little bit lower cost debt that's out there.
Ellen Wolf: Okay, let me -- if you look at our interest rate year -- our interest expense year-over-year, you will notice that we are about flat in our interest expense. And included in there is about a $3 million benefit that we got from doing some refinancing. So pulling that out, year-over-year, you'll see a decrease in our interest. And that is really driven by the fact that we did a number of refinancings back in 2010 and are seeing the benefits of them this year, as well as some -- we will always continue to look at refinancing opportunities throughout 2011.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Given the magnitude of where bond yields have fallen, since you did that large set in 2010, are there sort of any items that come to mind as being readily available now?
Ellen Wolf: Yes. And again, we just look at it on an ongoing basis. We have nothing out there at the moment, but we will continue to look.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Barry Klein with Macquarie Research.
Barry Klein - Citigroup Inc: I have 2 unrelated questions. Can you please expand on Jeff's comments with regard to your strategic positioning in Pennsylvania and the Marcellus Shale? And what your plans with regard to the Marcellus Shale are? Also with regard to your NOLs, where do they stand and over what period do you expect to utilize them?
Jeffry Sterba: Let me ask Walter to answer the first one.
Walter Lynch: Yes, particularly the Marcellus Shale. Our service territories overlap many of the drilling sites in Pennsylvania, primarily in our Northeast and Western operations, and that's where we've been selling a lot of water to the 12 different drilling companies we're working with. Year-to-date, through 6 months, we've sold approximately 120 million gallons of these 12 drillers through 29 connection points. So we've been working very closely with them, and again, many of our service territories overlap the drilling sites in Marcellus shale areas.
Jeffry Sterba: One of the things that I'm just thinking we may want to -- we may post on our web would be the map that shows all of where the wells -- the current wells are and the new wells are being drilled relative to our service territories because we're not heavily concentrated in the Eastern part of the state. We're more concentrated in the Western and up in the northeastern parts of the state, which are in fact, in that Marcellus region to a much greater degree.
Walter Lynch: And again, Jeff mentioned that some of the drillers extended lines to reduce the traffic in the areas where we serve. So that's a big benefit as well, and also prolonging the infrastructure of these roads that are in -- many of them are in rural areas. They're not designed for that kind of truck traffic.
Brian Chin - Citigroup Inc: Are you also looking at wastewater opportunities there as well, or is it purely selling the water?
Jeffry Sterba: We certainly are looking at wastewater opportunities. Frankly, what's happening today is the water is going through a reuse. So they dilute the liquids that come back up. About 40% of those liquids come back up fairly quickly to the surface through the well hole and are put into line pits. Then that's being diluted and being used for the next frac-ing. But there are certain situations where already we're starting to see the need for wastewater processing. And Pennsylvania has limited the ability of these high TDS water sources from being put through traditional wastewater treatment. We see wastewater treatment as an integral component of the integrated waste -- of the integrated water cycle. And in fact, are -- have a number of initiatives underway to expand that. So I won't comment any further on specific initiatives, but we are very definitely looking and working in the wastewater treatment area.
Ellen Wolf: On your NOLs, we have significant NOLs. We have over $1 billion of NOLs. These NOLs do not begin expiring until sometime after 2024. But we anticipate utilizing those NOLs in a much shorter timeframe, somewhere in the next 7 to 10 years. A much more detailed analysis, if you would like, it is available on our 10-K on footnote 14.
Operator: The next question is from the line of David Paz with Bank of America.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: I just want to confirm, have you incorporated the July weather into your current guidance?
Ellen Wolf: What we have said is our guidance assumes "normal weather patterns" for the remaining 6 months of the year. You never know, as a matter of fact, today, it's actually raining, and that's as we go into August. So we don't go into sort of predicting the future, and I don't know what will happen for the rest of the quarter. So at this stage, we assume a normal weather pattern.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and does the lack of drought conditions in New Jersey, Pennsylvania, at least in July, how should we think about that affecting sales versus last year when there were drought conditions? In other words, when there are drought conditions, you cannot sell as much. And now that there aren't, maybe some more, however you -- whatever color you can add, that will be helpful.
Jeffry Sterba: What you have is that -- I don't know, if you want to call it a tipping point or what have you. But as you get hot and dry weather, obviously, that increases sales. You hit a point where drought conditions are imposed and people are first voluntarily and then maybe mandatorily restricted. So they do start to see a decline, but it's a decline from a pretty high level. So you've got to get there before you see the decline.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just speaking of long-term usage declines. I think you or maybe others in the water industry have said that the long-term decline has been roughly about 0.5%, maybe 0.6% per year. Is that still valid or now that you see an acceleration in the declines, should it, maybe is it a little higher?
Walter Lynch: Yes. We're looking at 0.5% to 1.5%. And we've done a lot of analysis on this using regression trend analysis, particularly in the winter months where weather is not impacting the results. And we're looking at that range of 0.5% to 1.5% typically.
Jeffry Sterba: And probably a little on the higher.
Walter Lynch: Yes, a little on the higher recently.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: Great, and one final question. Just you're -- I have noticed -- or maybe I missed it, but your long-term growth rate, is that still applicable, and does that apply to the upper end of the guidance which you guys expect to earn this year?
Jeffry Sterba: As a long-term growth rate, yes, it is still applicable. It is not an individual year-over-year. It's a trend. But yes, it is still applicable.
David Paz - BofA/Merrill Lynch: So the base being the upper end of the guidance?
Jeffry Sterba: That's correct, yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Garik Shmois with Longbow Research.
Garik Shmois - Longbow Research LLC: I just have one question. Just with respect to the recent debt deal in Congress and the potential cuts to the Department of Defense. Does that change your view at all as far as the long-term growth of the military contract business and maybe the rate of contract awards going forward?
Jeffry Sterba: That's something we've really taken a pretty close look at, and you never really know. I don't think it is going to alter or slow down the pace at which outsourcing and privatization is done. Over time, it certainly may impact the overall number of bases because I think it is a reasonable expectation through this process, you'll see another brack. So over time, it will certainly impose or that the potential for base closings. But in fact, it may accelerate some things. So, for example, in the base privatization today, there's a requirement that privatization bids must provide at least a 10% savings. When you really get into a budget crunch, if it's not 10%, you go to 0. Or do you, as the government say, "Wait a minute, if we can, say, save 3% or 5% or help avoid some capital expenditures that we don't have the money for, then privatization still makes sense." So there's a counterbalance where it can, in fact, speed up some of the opportunities to take over bases that are currently not in that state.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Mike Roomberg with Ladenburg Thalmann & Co.
Michael Roomberg - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. Inc.: I just have a follow-up for Ellen, if you will, on the NOL point. I just want to know, are the NOLs held exclusively at the parent company level, or are some portion of those NOLs held ais the utility level only because I believe there's different regulatory treatment for those. If they are, indeed, held at that level?
Ellen Wolf: Yes, the NOLs I mentioned are the federal NOLs, but there are state-specific NOLs as well that are down at the different states. And then even at the federal NOLs are taken into account differently by each state and the rate setting process, not so much the future NOLs but the historic, anything we have in the way of deferred taxes.
Operator: The next question is from the line Cleo Zagrean with Macquarie Capital.
Cleo Zagrean - Macquarie Research: Can you help us understand the different factors that quarter-to-quarter affect the progress on the regulated O&M efficiency ratio? For example, Q1 of this year versus Q2. And then longer-term, what are the key drivers that will get you to the 40% level within 5 years?
Jeffry Sterba: Ellen, touch on the quarter-to-quarter, and I'll take the longer one.
Ellen Wolf: One of the reasons we look at O&M over a 12-month period is because we do have fluctuations in the revenue that go up or down. And remember the calculation of that amount is O&M expenses less the impact of purchase order divided by revenue. And so you will see fluctuations quarter-to-quarter just based on weather or usage impacts in the quarter on the revenue side. But our expenses are controlled and you'll see that except for power and chemical, they do not or not impacted by quarter-over-quarter variations. So again, you will see that difference from quarter-to-quarter, but the way to look at is really over a 12-month cycle.
Walter Lynch: And for the long-term, year-over-year, some of the actions we're taking obviously is to reduce our labor expense, make sure that our employees are as efficient as possible. And also leveraging our purchasing. And I mention this every quarter, but we continue to realize significant savings year-over-year in energy, doing a reverse options in our big states, New Jersey and Pennsylvania. And then some of the other expense items such as paving services, our fleet and chemicals where we've been able to show significant reductions year-over-year.
Jeffry Sterba: Just to add to what Walter said. Our biggest expenditure other than labor is power. And so we've got a number of major energy efficiency elements going into place. Then after that is chemicals, and as Walter said, this is where our supply chain really gets exercised. At the end of the day, though, the major element for us will be efficiency and productivity and the ability to utilize systems we currently do not have relative to both our financial record keeping, our human resource record keeping, our asset management and our customer care system. As you know, we're going through a replacement of those major systems as we speak.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from the line of Heike Doerr with Robert W. Baird.
Heike Doerr - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Just to follow on this topic of efficiency ratio. I know over the longer term, you are looking to get below 40%, in I believe the next 5 years. Do you have a more shorter-term goal, and where we're expecting you to be by the end of this year?
Ellen Wolf: Heike, as we said, our longer-term goal is 40%. It's being driven as was mentioned a lot by putting in new systems because our infrastructure in terms of IT systems is very antiquated and old, can't do some basic things that need to drive our expenses down. And again, we're looking to see continuous improvement within the majority of it coming towards the end as we put those systems in.
Jeffry Sterba: Heike, yes, I think it's fair to say there will -- it's probably a little back-end loaded for the reason that Ellen mentioned. But with that said, we're going to continue to drive it down every year.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer portion of the call. I would like to turn it back over to Jeff Sterba for closing remarks.
Jeffry Sterba: Well, let me thank you for joining us this morning and appreciate all the questions. Feel free to obviously get hold of Ed or any of us. If you have questions in the meantime, and we will certainly be back on the line after the third quarter, which you know is important to us and be able to report on what I believe will be continued great progress. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference call. You may now disconnect, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward D. Vallejo – Vice President of Investor Relations Donald L. Correll – President & Chief Executive Officer Ellen C. Wolf – Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Maria Karahalis – Goldman Sachs Debra G. Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC Ryan M. Connors – Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Timothy Winter – Jesup & Lamont [Jonathan Reader] – Wachovia Securities
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to American Water's 2008 Fourth Quarter and Year End Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with an accompanying slide presentation through the company’s website www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available at 11:00 AM Eastern Time today, by dialing 800-475-6701 in the U.S. and 320-365-3844 for international callers. The pass code for replay participants is 982411. The call replay and online archive of the webcast are scheduled to be available through March 6, 2009, by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company’s website located at www.amwater.com. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. Following management’s prepared remarks, we will then open the call for questions. (Operator Instructions). Today’s call is scheduled for one hour including questions and answers. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward D. Vallejo: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to American Water’s fourth quarter and year end earnings conference call. With me on [warranties] are Don Correll, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Ellen Wolf, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. We released our earnings announcement last night and we anticipate filing our 10-K shortly. If you did not receive a copy of the earnings release, you can find it by visiting our website at www.amwater.com. As usual, we will keep our call to about an hour. At the end of our prepared remarks, we will have time for questions. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone that in accordance with the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are advising you that certain matters to be discussed by members of management during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in company’s SEC filings. I would like to turn the call over to Don Correll.
Donald L. Correll: Thank you, Ed, and good morning everyone. I want to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest in American Water. It’s with great pleasure that I am able to comment on our fourth quarter and our year-end results. This time last year, we still not had our initial public offering, but what a difference a year makes. American Water has been a public company since April 2008. We’ve had many accomplishments that the entire company can point to with pride for this past year. But before I comment on the highlights of our fourth quarter and year-end results, I think it’s fair to say that even at the time of American Water’s initial public offering in April, few would have predicted the economic downturn that would soon follow. Having said that, I think that our results for the year show that despite all of the external conditions. American Water strategy is proved to be a solid one that has allowed our business to weather these times and stay the course to provide our customers with high quality drinking water and reliable water and wastewater services. These strategies include investing in our infrastructure, earning an appropriate rate of return and growing through acquisitions and public private partnerships. Although, the country has seen credit and investment scarcity, American Water managed through the credit crunch that reached its peak in the fall of 2008 by accessing our $840 million unsecured back-up credit lines without a problem. This past November, the company successfully completed a debt offering of $75 million aggregate principle amount, 10% Senior Monthly Notes. We closed a similar debt offering this month of $75 million aggregate principal amount of 8.25% senior monthly notes. Despite the harsh stock market conditions as I mentioned in the last earnings call, the American Water share price continued to outperform both the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 indices, since our IPO in April this sell through the fourth quarter and year end. I should also mention American Water was added some multiple Dow Jones Wilshire Indexes and to the Large-Cap Russell 1000 Index since going public. 2008 was also a solid year for the company financially. Revenues for the quarter ending December 31, 2008 rose 2.7%, and revenues for the year increased 5.5%. Excluding goodwill impairment charges earnings per share for the fourth quarter 2008 totaled $0.23 per share, compared to $0.17 per share for fourth quarter in 2007, an increase of 35.3%. For the year, again excluding goodwill impairment charges, earnings per share grew from $0.99 per share to a $1.10 per share and 11% year-over-year increase. Ellen will discuss our financial results in more detail a little later. In 2008, the company completed rate cases in 14 States generating $206.3 million in additional revenues annualized. This includes the New Jersey rate case, which will result in approximately $72.1 million in additional revenues. The Missouri rate case, which will result in approximately $34.5 million in additional annual operating revenue, and the Illinois rate case, which will add approximately $22.7 million in annual operating revenues per year. As of December 31, 2008, the company has general rate cases awaiting final order in seven states that would provide $104 million of additional revenues, if approved as filed. The extent to which these rate increase requests will be granted by the various regulatory agencies will vary. Again, the increase in revenues reflects a recognition of our commitment to making the necessary infrastructure investments to deliver the reliable service to our customers. We began or completed some major projects to ensure reliability this year, including the $20 million gallon a day water treatment plant and 31-mile transmission main in Kentucky. Once complete, we estimate this will be an approximately $162 million investment. We also completed $44.5 million water treatment plant in Missouri and $51 million water treatment plant in Illinois, and a $48.5 million water treatment plant expansion in New Jersey. We are on plan to invest between $4 billion and $4.5 billion over the next five years in our infrastructure. American Water also had success in growing the business with acquisitions in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and New Jersey. In total, we had 10 tuck-in acquisitions in 2008, equating to approximately 5,000 water and 1,700 wastewater customers. On the non-reg side of the business, we were awarded two major military contracts in Texas and the Louisiana. And our Homeowner Services expanded its customer count to more than 680,000 customer contracts in 15 states. This type of growth in our non-regulated business compliments are regulated business and our capabilities. It also demonstrates American Water’s capacity to provide water resource solutions to communities and need. We are also pleased that we are making progress towards the acquisition of certain assets of the City of Trenton’s water system located in force of urban townships. The transaction would add approximately 40,000 customers to New Jersey American Water's customer base. This type of acquisition is not only aligned with our business strategy, it is a great example of how American Water can work with communities to assist them with sustainability and infrastructure issues. As a Mayor of Trenton said, this is a model of great public private partnership. This has been a year of successes for American Water. We appointed two additional independent board members, Julia Johnson and Richard Grey, reinstituted a long-standing traditional American Water, the declaration of quarterly dividend payments and recently announced William Paterson has joined American Water team as a Senior Vice President of Corporate and Business Development. Bill will lead the advancement of American Water's integrated business development strategy and no work to bring water solutions to communities in our existing markets as well as pursue other opportunities including public private partnerships.
 : After the first six years of working with American Water, the City of Buffalo recognized $21 million in savings through operational and financial improvements. In April, the company successfully completed, [but] was one of year's biggest initial public offerings. In conjunction with the IPO, the company launched its new brand and communication strategy that educate our customers on the value of the services the company provides. Nearly a half-year later, the communication plan and its materials earned 35 MarCom Awards one of the most prestigious forms of international recognition for marketing communications excellence. And rounding out the year, the Lake Pleasant Water Treatment Plant, operated by American Water and owned by the City of Phoenix earned the 2008 National Design-Build Award from the Design-Build Institute and recently won the outstanding award for Public/Private Partnerships from the U.S. Conference of Mayors. Our Applied Water Management team also won an Achievement Award from the Environmental Business Journal for the Design-Build of the Solaire in Battery Park, New York City. The year ended in a similar fashion [to how it] began, with American water being recognized for its industry leading expertise. This expertise in the many accomplishments achieved in 2008, were due to the hard work of American Water 7,000 employees. We are proud of the progress that company has made in 2008 and we are excited about the potential for our future successes. Before turning the call over to Ellen, I would like to briefly address the 2009 stimulus package that President Barack Obama have recently signed in the law. Stimulus still provides for $2 billion for drinking water projects, and $4 billion for wastewater projects. While these numbers may seem small compared to the total package. I think it's important that Congress has recognized this critical area among the nation’s infrastructure challenges. Too [often] because many of our assets are buried beneath the ground, the need to invest in water and wastewater systems is over shadowed by more visible crumbling roads and bridges. While this money may represent just a small portion of what the EPA has estimated at the trillion-dollar challenge for repairing and updating water and wastewater infrastructure over the next 20 years. We are pleased that the legislation includes incentives for States and Local Governments to take advantage of financing and Public/Private Partnerships. The increase in money towards the State Revolving Funds as well as the increase in the cash placed on private equity bonds equating to about $15 billion. We will allow municipalities to tap into much needed private sector capital. The challenge now is with the public and the private sectors that work collaboratively to make the most responsible use of this new funding. We, American Water have had a solid history working with the public sector. And we look forward to helping to deliver more water and wastewater solutions to communities and systems indeed. And with that, I will turn the call over to Ellen Wolf to discuss the fourth quarter and year-end financial results in more detail.
Ellen C. Wolf: Good morning and thank you very much Don. Good morning everyone. I would also like to thank each of you for your continued interest in American Water as we approach our one-year anniversary of our return to being a public company. As Don mentioned, our results for the year and the quarter ended December 31, 2008 were driven by continued implementation of our core strategies of prudently investing in our infrastructure applying for and receiving appropriate rates of return on that investment, while also making continuous improvements to the service provided to our customers. Through a disciplined approach to executing our strategies, we delivered solid results in 2008 despite the unusually wet weather experienced in the Midwest State as well as increases in certain employee related expenses. While the state of the economy has had some impact on our industrial sales and other aspects of our business, we continue to see growth in revenues and net income to continued focus on the rate recovery aspects of our strategy. Also as we will discuss shortly our results for the quarter and the year also reflect to decline in those expenses that were necessary to enable our transition to a public company. For 2008, American Water reported a net loss of $562.4 million or $3.52 per common share, compared to a net loss of $342.8 million or $2.14 per share common share in 2007. Included in both '07 and '08, our goodwill impairment charges of $501.5 million and $738.5 million respectively. After adjusting for goodwill impairment charges in '08 and '07, net income for the year was $176.1 million versus the $158.7 million in '07, and earnings per common share was $1.10 and $0.99 respectively, resulting in an approximate 11% increase in both net income and earnings per share year-over-year. For the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2008, American Water reported net income of $36.4 million, or $0.23 per share, compared with a loss of $234.6 million or $1.47 per share for the comparable quarter of '07. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge taken during the 2007 fourth quarter, 2007 earnings would have been $27.3 million, or $0.17 per share, representing an earnings per share growth rate of 35.3% quarter-over-quarter. On the following slides, I will be discussing in more details the main drivers of the growth from 2007 to 2008. A more detail discussion of our 2008 results will be provided in our 2008 Form 10-K, which we anticipate filing shortly. For the year, American Water reported revenues of $2.3 billion, a $123 million increase in revenues, or 5.5% over the $2.2 billion reported in 2007. Revenues from our regulated business increased by $95.2 million, or 4.8% from 2007 to 2008. The non-regulated businesses 2008 revenues increased by $29.5 million, or 12.2% compared with '07. The 2008 regulated revenues increased by $132.8 million, primarily due to rate awards and various surcharges granted by regulators in both 2007 and 2008. We received $206.3 million and $158.9 million and annualized rate authorizations in '08 and '07 respectively. By comparison, in 2006, we received only $41.3 million in rate awards. This is one example of our commitment to executing our strategies. Regulated revenues also increased slightly due to organic growth and tuck-in acquisitions. As I mentioned earlier, offsetting the impact of rate awards on our regulated revenue was a decline in revenue or in water sales driven mainly by historically wet weather in our Midwest State Operations, as well as less dry weather compared to 2007 in the Mid-Atlantic region. To a lesser extent, we continue to see a reduction in per customer consumption, and the economic downturn appears to also reduce industrial and other sales. As a result, reduced overall demand offset revenue increases from rate awards by $52.3 million. The overall demand reduction can be seen in our water sales volume for the year. For the company as a whole, sales volume decreased from 2007 to 2008 by $18.5 billion gallons or 4.4%. Our residential customer usage decreased 4.2% to $214 billion gallons. The volume of water sold to commercial customers decreased by 3.3% to $89.9 billion gallons and the volume of water for our industrial customers decreased 5.8% to 42 billion gallons. This year’s increase in revenue for the non-regulated business comes mainly from our Contract Operations Group and Homeowner Services Group. For the year, revenues from our Contract Operations Group increased by $31.1 million, a result of incremental revenues derived from a design-build-operate project for a large treatment plant, as well as from military constructions and O&M contracts in Texas and Louisiana. Our Homeowner Services Group revenues increased by $7.1 million, due to increased penetration within its existing customer base and expanding into new markets. These increases were partially offset by the decline in design and build activity for smaller facilities associated with new housing developments. This is the result of the downturn in the new home construction and primarily impacted our applied water management group. For the fourth quarter of 2008, American Water reported revenues of $568.6 million, a 2.7% increase in revenues over the $553.8 million reported in the fourth quarter of '07. This included a $15.7 million or 3.2% increase from our regulated business, and a $2.6 million or 3.9% increase from our non-regulated businesses. For the fourth quarter of 2008, regulated revenues increased by $32.6 million from rate awards and various surcharges in the fourth quarter of '07 and throughout '08. During the quarter, we received rate authorizations totaling a $120.1 million in regulated revenue. Two of these rate awards granted in our larger operations of New Jersey and Missouri were received in the later half of the fourth quarter and will be reflected in our 2009 revenues. As was the case for the entire year, the increase in revenue for the quarter from rate awards was offset by declines and demand associated both weather and for customer usage. Throughout October, we continue to see the impact on our revenue of the unusually wet weather in the Midwest, and also experienced wet and weather the normal during the quarter and portions of the West. The economic downturn appears to have had a more noticeable impact on revenues in the fourth quarter. Compared to the same quarter of '07 Water sales volume decreased in the fourth quarter by $7.1 billion galloons or 6.7%. Our residential customer usage decreased 6.3%, commercial customer usage decreased 5%, and industrial customer usage declined 11.6%. The reduction in Water sales volume offset our increase from rates by $27.3 million. For the quarter, revenue growth totaled $2.6 million in the non-regulated businesses for reasons similar to that for the full year. Taking a look at our expenses in 2008, operating expenses for the year increased by $324.7 million, compared to the same period in 2007, primarily the results of an increase in impairment charges of $240.7 million over the last year. Adjusting for goodwill impairment charges of $715 million in '08 and $509.3 million in '07, operating expenses increased by approximately $84.1 million or 5%. Operating expenses of our regulated business increased by $63.9 million, or 4.3% from $1.49 billion last year to $1.55 billion this year. Directly related to the increase in revenues; our non-regulated businesses saw an increase in operating expenses of $22.8 million. Overall, employee related expenses for the year increased $42.2 million, or 9.1% compared to the prior year. These expenses consist of salaries and wages, pensions, group insurance and other benefits. Salary and wages increased $27.3 million over the last year. With a focus on continuous service improvement, salaries and wages increased due to growth in number of employees, wage rate increases and other compensation expenses. This included stock-based compensation expense of $3.7 million, mainly related to the issuance of awards granted in connection with our April IPO as well as $4.3 million of wages related to job reclassification of certain hourly employees for services performed.  Associated with the increase in employees other related expenses such as the 401(k) and defined contribution benefit plan, our stock purchase program and group insurance increased $2.5 million, or 3.9%. In addition, our pension expense increased by $9.3 million, or 31% over 2007. Our pension cost could increase substantially in 2009 as a result of the stock market performance. I will be discussing this in more detail shortly. During the year, consistent with economic trends, we experienced an increase in our production cost of approximately $10.5 million, or 3.8%. This includes fuel and power costs, chemical cost waste removal and purchased water costs. Chemical cost increased 12.5% due to escalating prices, as well as additional usage requirements related to weather related source of supply conditions in some states. Whenever possible, we seek to manage the timing of chemical and other production cost increases to correspond with rate recovery procedures. Our other production cost increases were more modest and held relatively flat. Operating supplies and services decreased $10.2 million or 3.5% for the year, compared to the same period in '07. The majority of the decrease is due to lower expenses incurred to ensure our compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley and remediation of any material weaknesses. For the year, these costs decreased by $22.6 million. Our Sarbanes-Oxley remediation costs are substantially complete. And I will provide further information regarding our SOX status later in the call. Higher contract services expenses in our Contract Operations Group associated with the design-build-operate project offset some of the decline in the SOX clause. Maintenance, materials and supply services, which include emergency repairs as well as cost for preventative maintenance, increased 8.3 million or 6.5% to $136.3 million in '08. The main driver of this increase was the higher cost of removal expenses of $5.5 million in certain of our operating companies, and an increase in expenses of $1.7 million as a result of higher usage frequency for our service line protection customers. Customer billing and accounting expenses increased by $5.8 million, or 15% for the year. As I’ve spoke about on our last call, this increase was primarily due to an increase in uncollectible accounts in the third quarter. We have addressed this by implementing stricter and earlier shut-off practices. We can see the benefit of that action by the reduction in uncollectible expense in the fourth quarter of 2008, compared to the prior year. Uncollectible accounts also increased in our non-regulated businesses by $2.9 million, primarily related to uncertainty around the collection of receivables from home developers, a result of the downturn in new home construction activity. Depreciation and amortization expense increased by $3.9 million, or 1.5% when compared to '07. This increase is primarily associated with additional utility plant assets being placed in service. Our weighted average composite depreciation rate for 2008, which relatively unchanged when compared to 2007. General tax expense, which includes taxes for property, payroll, gross receipts and other miscellaneous items increased by $15.9 million, or 8.7%. The increase for the year is primarily due to increased gross receipt taxes of $7.6 million in New Jersey, where gross receipt taxes are assessed based on prior year revenues. There is also higher property tax expense of $4.2 million in a number of our states. And additionally, payroll taxes increased $2.7 million consistent with our increased salaries and wages. Other items affecting net income not included in operating expenses. Our interest expense and allowance for funds used during construction or AFUDC. As we relayed on our last call, we continuously monitor the capital markets both debt and equity to most efficiently fund our capital needs. Interest expense, the primary component of our other income increased by $2 million for the quarter compared to '07. The increase for the year is primarily due to the increased borrowings associated with our capital expenditures. Offsetting the change in interest expense is an increase in AFUDC of $11.5 million for '08. As a result of increased construction work in progress. Our consolidated provision for income taxes increased $25 million, or 28.8% to $111.8 million for the year, as a result of our increase in pre-tax income adjusted for the impairment charge. I would like to spend only a few minutes on our operating expenses for the quarter, as many of these areas have already been touched upon in discussing the year-over-year results. Operating expenses for the fourth quarter were $439.5 million in '08 and $708.9 million in ’07 resulting in an overall decrease of $269.4 million. In 2007, operating expenses included a goodwill impairment charge of $266 million. Excluding the effect of the impairment, operating expenses decreased $3.7 million. Operating expenses of our regulated businesses increased by $2 million, or 0.5% from $382.8 million last year to $384.8 million this year. Our non-regulated business experienced a decrease of $3.4 million, or 5.3% from last year. For the quarter, employee related expenses decreased $2.3 million, or 1.9% over the fourth quarter of ’07. The decrease in expense as a result of reduced group insurance expenses related to post retirement benefit expenses. Including a subsidiaries rate case regulatory asset adjustment. Production cost did increase by $2.2 million, or 3.4% from $65.5 million in the fourth quarter of '07 to $67.7 million in '08. Increases in chemical prices were largely responsible for this increase. Operating supplies and services decreased by $7.6 million, or 9.2% to $74.8 million in 2008. Cost associated with our SOX compliance efforts were $6 million lower than in the prior year quarter, and was the most significant driver of this decrease. Maintenance, materials and services expenses decreased by $8.7 million due to several factors including lower tank painting cost and other maintenance expense reductions in several of our regulated subsidiaries and in our non-regulated Contract Operations Group. And in 2008 for the quarter, customer billing and accounting was a $1 million left in the same quarter of the prior year due to lower uncollectible expenses resulting from the efforts that I had mentioned earlier. For the fourth quarter of '08 compared to the same period last year, depreciation expense increased $6.8 million or 10.5% reflecting our substantial investment [in plant] placement service. And general taxes increased $5.7 million in the fourth quarter of '08, compared to the same quarter in '07, the reasons for this increase parallel those for the yearly increase. Other items affecting net income in the quarter not included in operating expenses are interest expense and AFUDC. Interest expense increased by $1 million or 1.4% for the fourth quarter of '08, compared to the same period in the prior year. And similar to the full year, the increase for the quarter is primarily due to the increased borrowings associated with capital expenditure. Offsetting the change in interest expense is an increase in AFUDC of $2.6 million over the same quarter of last year. Our consolidated provision for income tax increased $15.6 million, or 122.8% and $64.6 million for the year, as a result of our increase in pre-tax income. We continue to file and receive rate case awards during 2008. Rate authorizations were received in New Jersey, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indiana, West Virginia and Arizona, as well as other states. Of these we’ve received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases in Ohio, Missouri, Pennsylvania and New Jersey in the fourth quarter, amounting to approximately $115.5 million. For the year, we’ve received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases of $187.7 million, assuming constant sales volume. Our allowed ROE for the rate cases finalized during 2008 were generally above 10% with the range being from 8.8% to 10.8%. Several of these rate cases remain outstanding, while we are awaiting the final orders in seven states, one of which is for Hawaii, which did put in interim rates. The six other states, we’re awaiting final orders for general rate cases filed in ‘08, requesting additional annualized revenues of $102.7 million. There is no assurance that the filed amount or any portion thereof of any requested increases will be granted. As Tom mentioned earlier, we either completed or started some major projects this year, all reflecting our continued commitment to providing Water Resource solutions to communities in need, and our commitment to our customers to continue to deliver reliable service.
 : In 2008, our cash flow from operations was $552.2 million. This represents a $78.5 million, or 16.6% increase over the prior year. As of December 31, 2008 American Water had approximately $369.1 million available capacity under its $840 million credit facility and had no outstanding commercial paper. As of February 23, 2009, we had outstanding commercial paper of $178.5 million, and we have $345 million outstanding under our credit facility. We also during the fourth quarter successfully completed a debt offering of $75 million aggregate principal amount of 10% senior monthly notes due 2038, and then subsequent to year-end, we issued an incremental $75 million at 8.25% under similar terms and conditions. Earlier I had mentioned the significant increase expected in our pension expense for 2009. Similar to other businesses, due to the impact of the decline in the capital markets in 2008, and the resulting losses in our pension plan in 2008. There is a potential for a significant increase in our 2009 pension expense. To the extent that we are not able to minimize any regulatory lag or otherwise recover the increase through rates. This is a direct result of the volatility in the capital markets and is not germane to our company or industry or the quality of the investments we had in our pension plan. Because of the current volatility in the capital markets, pension expenses might also be somewhat volatile over the next few years. We are prepared to navigate to these potential volatile times and expect to make sufficient cash contributions to our plan to avoid any at-risks status. This year, as many of our continued remediation efforts to address the material weaknesses that we had mentioned in the past quarters, we established necessary policies and procedures and taken actions that we believe address the areas of material weaknesses. Based on these actions, and the length of time controls have been operating at a level that would prevent or detect a material misstatement in the consolidated financial statements. We no longer consider control deficiencies to be material weaknesses as of December 31, 2008 except for control deficiencies relating to the maintenance of contracts and agreements, which in our opinion does remain as a material weakness, until we can complete further testing in the first quarter of this year. As of December 31, 2008 the company had incurred $58.4 million to remediate these material weaknesses and to document and test key financial reporting controls. As a condition of State PUC approval of the RWE divestiture, we agreed that cost incurred in connection with our initial internal control and remediation initiatives would not be recoverable and rates charged to our customers.
 : And finally, as Don mentioned, we are proud to announce since going public, we initiated our quarterly dividend and in 2008 we declared and paid two quarterly dividends. Additionally, we began the year by declaring our first quarter 2009 dividend. Our policy subject to approval by our Board of Directors is to declare and pay a dividend on the quarterly basis of $0.20 per common share and in the long run, we do expect to have a payout ratio in the 50% to 70% of net income. That concludes our prepared statements on American Water's year-end and quarter financial results. To echo Don, it is a great feeling to be a public company again and to be able to relay our year-end results to those of view for are interested and investing in our company. Thanks again and with that I will turn the call back to Don.
Donald L. Correll: Thank you, Ellen. In closing and before we move to the Q&A I want to repeat some of American Water's attributes that we discussed on this call. We demonstrated our leadership through the third-party recognition received and the awards we earned throughout the year. We grew our revenues to our commitment to invest in our infrastructure and to seek an appropriate rate of return. The increased in revenues also reflects our progress in the regulatory process contributing to our favorable risk profile, and our management led the company through one of year’s largest IPOs and one of the largest utility IPOs in U.S. history, all while, we implemented our core strategies. 2008 has been a strong year where we met our stated earnings goals and while acknowledging the challenge that our company in nation face, we remain committed to achieving the goal that we laid out at the time of our IPO growing our earnings per share in the 7 to 10% range over the long-term. With that I thank you for your continued interest in American Water. And I will turn the call back to the operator for our question-and-answer period.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question is coming from the line of Maria Karahalis from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Maria Karahalis – Goldman Sachs:
 :
Donald L. Correll: Ellen you take that.
Ellen C. Wolf:
 :
 :
Donald L. Correll:
 : 
Maria Karahalis – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you, Don.
Donald L. Correll: Thank you.
Maria Karahalis – Goldman Sachs: Thanks, Ellen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will come from the line of Debra Coy from Janney. Please go ahead.
Debra G. Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning all.
Ellen C. Wolf: Good morning.
Donald L. Correll: Good morning
Debra G. Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Two questions as well. One on the consumption decline Ellen thanks for the detail on the various customers impacted. But can you break down on a relative percentage basis. How of it you think was weather related versus how much may have been conservation or economic related. And obviously the reason for my question is, if we assume normal weather always a difficult assumption, but if we could count on normal weather going forward, what would be the impact. How much of the decrease was, do you think was weather versus these other factors?
Ellen C. Wolf: Yeah, Debra. It’s extremely hard to break that down into the consumption versus weather versus economic, namely because we – it’s hard to tell what’s driving and let’s we go knocking door to door. I think on the customer side, consumer side most of that is either weather related very little consumption related. As I mentioned earlier what we are starting to see more the economic impact is on the industrial side and again particularly in the Midwest area, which is connected to the auto industry, very heavily connected to the auto industry. And so I would think on our industrial side as where you may see more of the economic impact. And then on the consumer side I think some of that is consumption, but the majority of it is weather.
Debra G. Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC:  So that we would expect to see the industrial we could expect to see that continue through 2009 most likely?
Ellen C. Wolf: I guess it will depend on some cases what happens in other industrial sectors for example, I can give you one example in January, some of our industrial customers were closed down two days a month. They are back being open through February. So, it really does depend on what's happening in the related industries.
Debra G. Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Okay. That’s helpful. And then secondly on the capital spending side. Don you mentioned that you are on track for the 4 – 4.5 billion over the five years, $1 billion of that obviously in the first year of the five. Can you talk a little bit more about your CapEx plans for 2009? And perhaps in some of the individual states such as Governor Corzine asking for utilities to the step-up CapEx kind of there is on economic stimulus. How are you thinking about CapEx for this year? Given the uncertainties in the debt and equity markets, particular the equity market?
Donald L. Correll: Thank you for the questions. Its obviously very valid question given these economic times and that something that we looked at very carefully the fall of last year, because while we were committed to the anywhere from 800 million to a $1 billion range, which is now we get to our 4 to 4.5 over the next five years. You can only spend it if you access the capital markets since we do need to we don’t generate all of our funds from internally generated operations we need to have access whether it’s debt or equity. And we like every other business last fall took a hard look at what might we need to do under a variety of contingency plans. We are still prepared to be in the $800 million to a $1 billion range going forward. We have to adjust a little bit based upon the some of the activities last fall. So we’re probably at the lower end of that for 2009, but we still have confidence borne out by our recent ability to raise some debt to be able to continue to fund this, at this level going forward. We certainly want to be able to access both the debt and the equity markets going forward, but we are looking to spend at that level for 2009. Frankly, we’ve always invested in, to use your example in New Jersey and Governor Corzine. I know he has had some initiatives for the energy companies and we are doing, we have always invested $100 million give or take a little bit in New Jersey and continue to plan to do that. We have an application pending before the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities now to implement something similar to what we have in other states, where we would have a an infrastructure surcharge. And where we are encouraged that it’s getting some momentum now, and that will also support the continued investment in infrastructure in New Jersey as well as in other places. So we don’t see ourselves returning to the days of our industry where we were replacing our infrastructure on a 3 to 500 year replacement cycle. We think it is important to be doing it in accordance with the physical lives of the assets, which is more like a 100 years for some of the long-lived pipe and we’re committed to doing that throughout our systems.
Debra Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just one followup on that, Ellen you talked through the sources of capital for 2008. And I know, you can’t comment on the equity offering per se can you talk through the sources of capital for the 800 for ’09 assuming perhaps somewhere again in the 500 plus million operating cash flow range. Then I would leave you about a $300 million or so. What you still have left than that capacity versus what you need to raise on equity to meet that 800?
Ellen C. Wolf: Yes. Without going through a specific numbers Debra, we will address our capital needs through as you mentioned operating cash flow, raising of debt and raising of incremental equity. So that as we told the market before, our goal is to be between 45% and 50% equity in our debt equity ratio. We will also be to the extent we qualified the looking for debt through the economic stimulus package and the items that Don had mentioned earlier to the extent we can access that we will also be looking to access that source of cash.
Debra Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC:  Thanks. And then just the last question. Just to follow up with Maria’s question on the pension expense. Can you just roughly characterize which half of the state allow the regulatory asset versus which have don’t, in other words is that your bigger operating states that allow that or smaller kind of how would we drop?
Ellen C. Wolf: Its…
Debra Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC:  Customer base in…
Ellen C. Wolf: It's about 50/50 Debra.
Debra Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC:  50/50 on customer base not just number states…
Ellen C. Wolf:  That is correct.
Debra Coy – Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC:  Okay. Great, thank you.
Ellen C. Wolf:  Sure.
Operator: And next we will go to the line of Ryan Connors from Boenning & Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Ryan M. Connors – Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Donald L. Correll:  Good morning Ryan.
Ryan M. Connors – Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: I had a question for you on the issue of rate cases, we spend a lot of time talking to the municipal utilities to try to get an idea of which – what the key trends are in the industry and one of the things we are hearing is that a lot of the municipal utilities are trying not raise rates in this environment just given the economic times and the pressure on the consumer et cetera. So, my question is, to the extent that is the case does that make it tougher just politically for you all to try to sell your own rate cases and if so how do you see that impacting, the 100 million plus that you have pending and anything that’s filed in the near-term.
Donald L. Correll:
 :
Ellen C. Wolf: Ryan, if I could just also add, while we cannot predict the future. We can only take a look at the most recent decisions in both New Jersey and Missouri, where even though those were large increases, they were a continued recognition by the regulators that even in these times they need to encourage us to continue to put money into the infrastructure. And they do see a connection between that and the job that it creates. So, again we can only look at the past right now.
Ryan M. Connors – Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Great, that’s helpful and then kind of staying on the same theme, one of the other things that we hear in our conversations with the municipal side, as many of them say that the costs, I have been stubbornly high for things like the basic materials, the hydrants, the valves et cetera that cost for those things have not come down as much as they may have expected given the steep declines in the underlying input cost, the commodity prices. So, I would be interested to hear what you are seeing there whether you are seeing those things not coming down also and if so how that impacts your outlook in terms of operating cost for '09?
Ellen C. Wolf: In terms of the capital hydrants et cetera all of that goes into our capital budget and that’s included in our $4 billion to $4.5 billion in terms of commodity prices as I've said we have seen the drastic increase in chemicals, I think you as well as rest of us can see what's happening with fuel prices it was sort of hit a high mid summer and it has been coming down since, and we did not see much of an impact of that as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, what really drove our expenses in the fourth quarter were the chemical costs, which some of those still have continued to remain high.
Ryan M. Connors – Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Okay. Great, thank you.
Donald L. Correll: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go the line of Tim Winter from Jesup & Lamont. Please go ahead.
Timothy Winter – Jesup & Lamont: Good morning, Ellen and Don.
Donald L. Correll: Good morning Tim.
Ellen C. Wolf: Good morning Tim.
Timothy Winter – Jesup & Lamont: Thanks for quantifying some of the customer segment. I was wondering if you could quantify the industrial revenue decline for the quarter and the year. And if there is any more color there, are there large industrial customers that have shutdown or is this a seasonal thing with trying to deplete inventory at year-end.
Ellen C. Wolf:  Sure. In terms of quantifying it, as I mentioned and Ed mentioned earlier, we will be filing our 10-K shortly. And I think at that point there is a lot more detail in there, that I would ask to you go through. It is difficult for us to quantify each and everyone in terms of dollars, because every state has a different industrial customer rate, but as I mentioned the Midwest seems to be the area right now. We’re not seeing any customers, a lot of customers closing up on the industrial, but what we did see they may close for a day or two, which they hadn’t done before. And we are seeing a couple of bankruptcies, but not significant that it would make a huge impact at this stage.
Timothy Winter – Jesup & Lamont:  Okay. And can you remind me where your California Americans subsidiaries in the implementation of the ram or the de-coupling? Did what were as we…
Ellen C. Wolf:  As you know we have a couple of rate cases outstanding right now, one is on the rate case for the overall return on equity, we have a couple that have been filed individual areas, and then finally we will be filing the one consolidated rate case, where I believe this will must like be a addressed in an another year. We do have it in one of our smaller subsidiaries out there and that is going through the process right now and...
Timothy Winter – Jesup & Lamont: So for the most part you have not experienced a benefit of the de-coupling yet?
Ellen C. Wolf: Not at this point, although we do have ram accounts on a [couple], where we have been able to start to see some benefit and that would be ’09 not in ’08.
Timothy Winter – Jesup & Lamont:  Okay. Thank you.
Donald L. Correll:  Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Next we will go to the line of [Jonathan Reader] from Wachovia. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Reader – Wachovia Securities: Good morning Ellen and Don.
Donald L. Correll: Good morning, Jonathan.
Ellen C. Wolf: Good morning.
Jonathan Reader – Wachovia Securities: Two more questions, I have most of them have been asked, but is there any way you can quantify the increase in the 2009 pension expense, or just give us a rough ballpark as its still probably a bit of a working number?
Ellen C. Wolf: It is very much a working number and again we have, I think if you would wait to take a look through the financials, the 10-K both the pension footnote as well as further disclosure in the liquidity section about or increase in cash contribution that will help you get there, again remember that some of our states are ERISA-type states.
Jonathan Reader – Wachovia Securities: Okay. And then the last one, could you just talk about I guess what you're expecting as far as the weather normalized sales trends go in 2009. I mean, obviously 2008 we saw that deceleration as the year went on. Are you seeing, I guess a stabilization, at what point during the year might it kind of pickup, may be you can expand on that.
Ellen C. Wolf: I could go to the consumption area, I think as you look through, but our S-1 and 10-K you will see that you we do expect and have seen continuously a decrease in consumption ranging from 0.6% to 1.5% and that’s a sort of ten year average as it goes down. So once you normalize for the weather, we do expect to continue to see that consumption decrease and that is also what we do try, but its part of the regulatory lag that you’ll see in our ROE between our net income and our authorized returns of let’s say 10% you’ll see a lag generally its related to this decrease in consumption as well as increases in expenses. So, we do expect to continue to see a decrease in consumption along those lines.
Jonathan Reader – Wachovia Securities: Kind of the economic that I mean I know it’s hard to separate it out, but I'm trying to get at more just, through the economy not just the long-term I guess declining consumption trend?
Ellen C. Wolf: And while I appreciate where you’re trying to get to I don’t think we could predict what’s going to happen.
Jonathan Reader – Wachovia Securities: Okay, thank you.
Ellen C. Wolf: Thanks.
Operator:  This concludes the question and answers portion of the call. I would now like to turn the conference over to Don Correll for closing remarks.
Donald L. Correll: Well, thank you all for joining our call and your continued support of American Water. This does conclude today's call. And if you have any more questions, please feel free to call our Investor Relations team directly. And I will turn it back to the operator now. Thank you again.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today conference call and webcast.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-06 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Edward Vallejo - VP, IR Donald L. Correll - President and CEO Ellen C. Wolf - Sr. VP and CFO
Analysts: Ryan M. Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc. Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to American Water's 2008 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. As a remainder, this call is being recorded and also being webcast with companying slide presentation through the company's website www.amwater.com. Following the earnings call, an audio archive of the call will be available at 11:00 AM Eastern Time today, by dialing 1-800-475-6701 for within the United States or Canada and 320-365-3844 from outside the U.S. or Canada. The pass code for replay participants is 955087. The call replay and online archive of the webcast will be available through November 7, 2008 by accessing the Investor Relations page of the company's website located at www.amwater.com. At this time, all participants have been placed in a listen-only mode. Following managements prepared remarks we will then open the call for question. [Operator Instructions]. Today's call is scheduled for one hour and including the question-and-answer session. Participating on today's call from American Water are Donald L. Correll, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ellen C. Wolf, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Edward Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ed Vallejo, Vice President of Investor Relations. Mr. Vallejo, you may begin.
Edward Vallejo - Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to American Water's 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. If you did not receive a copy of the earnings press release, you can find it by visiting our website at www.amwater.com. Before we begin, let me remind you that in accordance with the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we are advising you that certain matters to be discussed by members of management during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in company's SEC filing. Today American Water's President and Chief Executive Officer Don Correll and Ellen Wolf, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will be discussing our third quarter and year-to-date results. Following the presentation, we'll have our question-and answer-session. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Don Correll.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Ed and good morning everyone. Today we are going to be commenting on our third quarter as well as our year-to-date results reviewing some of the highlights and discussing important news for the quarter. Before I begin with an overview of our key financial results, I'd like to address the recent market conditions. Although the country has seen fallout from the continuing economic downturn and resulting credit and investment scarcity, water utility like American Waters still need to provide a critical and basic service, while continuing to invest capital in the nation's water infrastructure. As such, American Water continuously monitors the availability of capital in the financial markets, maintains an open dialogue with our banking advisors and regulators and is prepared to implement alternatives should credit scarcity or higher capital cost issues persist. I'd also point out that as many municipalities across the country face amounting pressures also, forced to choose between funding for education, and safety and other local priorities or replacing water and waste water infrastructure. American Water may realize opportunities to assist them continuing to grow through tuck-in acquisitions or public/private partnerships as the capital market stabilize. When you consider our size our national put print and the success we've had in the past helping communities, this is a relevant time for American Water to offer our expertise and experience to municipalities facing huge financial and infrastructure challenges. Although Ellen will cover this in greater detail, I want to reiterate that we have adequate credit facilities in place today to continue to prudently invest in our infrastructure. That our credit ratings are stable and that our geographic diversity gives us the flexibility to plan prudent capital spending programs that enable us to deliver quality service to our customers and grow as the country works to ride its economic shift. And despite the harsh stock market conditions, the American Water share prices outperformed both the Dow Jones and the S&P 500 industries since our IPO in April this sell through the third quarter and through the month of October as well. Since RWE announced its intention to divest almost three years ago, we have been focused on improving our operating performance and our earnings. As a result, since that time, American Water has been methodically re-establishing the co-relation between net utility plan and net income that exist to prior RWE ownership. Moving to the financial results; for the quarter, the company reported an operating revenue increase of 6.2% to approximately $672 million. Net income was $88.2 million or $0.55 per share, compared with a loss of $160 million in the third quarter of 2007. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge, the third quarter 2007 net income would have been $79.5 million, showing approximately an 11% growth quarter-over-quarter. The third quarter 2007 earnings per share would have been $0.50, showing a 10% growth quarter-over-quarter. The increase in operating revenues is predominantly a result of successful rate cases. For the quarter, we received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases of approximately $27 million which brings the total for the year to $73.9 million. As of September 30, 2008 we have filed general rate cases in nine additional states that would provide approximately $268 million of additional revenues if approved as filed. The extent to which these rate increase requests will be granted by the various regulatory agencies will vary. Again the increase in revenue reflects our regulators recognition of our commitment to prudently invest in infrastructure and our ability to achieve an appropriate rate of return on those investments. We also had some exciting growth news during the quarter on the non-regulated side of our business. Our Military Services Group was awarded a contract for operation and maintenance that the water distribution system and the wastewater collection system at Fort Hood Army installation in Texas. Ford Hood serves a population of 218,000. According to the agreement, the award of this contract is estimated at approximately $329 million over a 50 year period and is also subject to price re-determination. We were also awarded a similar contract for the Water and Wastewater systems at Fort Polk on the installation in Louisiana. The award of this contract is estimated at approximately $348 million over a 50 year period and is also subject to price re-determination. American Water also currently operates and maintains the water and/or wastewater networks at Forth A.P. Hill in Virginia, Fort Bragg, North Carolina, Fort Chill [ph] Oklahoma, Fort Leavenworth Kansas and Scott Air Force base in Illinois and Fort Rucker in Alabama. This type of growth in our non-regulated business complements are regulated business and our capabilities. American Water continues to look for opportunities to grow our regulated business as well. And for the quarter, we acquire four systems adding approximately 2,500 water customers and 1,700 wastewater customers to our overall customer count with a combined purchase price and acquisition cost of approximately $7.8 million. These acquisitions took place in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and New Jersey and we are aligned with our strategy to grow our regulated footprint to tuck-in acquisitions of small water and/or wastewater systems. I should also mention that just last week American Water announced that it had acquired the assets of the Clarion Area Authority wastewater system in Pennsylvania. The newly acquired system provides wastewater treatment services to a population of approximately 6,600 people and at a purchase price of approximately $4 million. All of these successes demonstrate American Water's capability to provide water resource solutions to the communities in need. Other recent news for American Water includes the August 27th appointment of our newest independent board member, Richard R. Grey. Dick currently serves as Executive Vice President of FirstEnergy Corp. and President of FirstEnergy Utilities Group. FirstEnergy is a diversified energy company head quartered in Akron, Ohio is the vast amount of experience in the utility industry and brings the wealth of knowledge to our board that will help strengthen our company as we move forward. His appointment follows the August 1st appointment of Julia Johnson, our former Commissioner of the Florida Public Service Commission to our board as also an independent member. American Water's nine member board now has a total of five independent members. And on October 17th, we also declared our second dividend payment of $0.20 per share since going public this past April. The tradition of consistently paying dividends to our shareholders is part of American Water's long history and one we're proud to reinitiate and continue in our new public life. Earlier this year in January of 2008 in Tampa Bay, American Water cut the ribbon on what is the nation's largest seawater desalination plant in the United States. The 25 million gallons per day, the plant provides about 10% of the Tampa Bay region's drinking water supply and it continues to earn awards. Already named the desalination plant of the Year by Global Water Intelligence, the Tampa Bay plant was recently selected as 2008 Trendsetter by Public Works magazine. This list which appears in the magazine's November issue, names of 50 people, places and events that have the greatest impact from a nation infrastructure over the year. The Tampa Bay plant was also selected by the National Council for Public Private Partnerships for 2008 Annual Public Private Partnerships Award in the Innovation category. This is the second time American Water was recognized by the MCPPP. We also earned an award for our work with the city of Buffalo. And finally this quarter we also announced that American has joint forces with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's Water Sense program. The goal of this program is to use water resources more efficiently, to preserve them for future generations. As new challenges in the water industry arise, so will the opportunities to leverage sustainable water solution and American Water intends to play an important role in that arena. We're proud of the progress the company has made over the last three quarters and we are truly excited about the potential of our future success. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Ellen Wolf to discuss the third quarter and the year-to-date financial results in more detail.
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you very much Don and good morning everyone. Before I begin, I'd first like to take a moment to acknowledge Don for recently being named a 2008 Trendsetter by Public Works Magazine. He was recognized for his many accomplishments leading up to one of the largest initial public offerings in 2008 when he efficiently took American Water Public. Congratulations, Don. Moving on to the quarter, American Water's strategy to divest... to invest prudently in our infrastructure, a five, four and received appropriate rates of return of and on that investments and to make continuous improvement in all areas of customer service with the key drivers in our results for third quarter. In addition, as we saw in the second quarter, very wet weather continued to be a factor in limiting our revenue growth. For the third quarter ended on September 30th, 2008 American Water reported net income of $88.2 million or $0.55 earnings per share compared with a loss of $160.1 million or $1 loss per common share for comparable quarter of 2007. Excluding the goodwill impairment charge, the third quarter 2007 earnings would have been $79.5 million or $0.50 per share, representing an earnings per share growth of 10% quarter-over-quarter. For the nine month period, we reported a loss of $598.8 million or $3.74 per common share, compared to net loss of $108.3 million or $0.68 per common share in the first nine months of 2007. After adjusting for the goodwill impairment charge in 2008 and 2007, net income for the nine months ended September '08 was $139.6 million versus $131.4 million in the same period in '07, resulting in an approximate 6.3% increase in net income or a 6.1% growth in earnings per share. Factors contributing to net income growth for the third quarter after adjusting for the goodwill impairment charge were our growth and revenue from rate awards, non-regulated activities and higher allowance for funds used during construction. The full benefit of these achievements were offset by adverse weather in certain parts of our service areas, a slight decline in normal consumption and higher employee expenses due mainly to our continued focus on enhancing customer service. The following two slides provide a bridge from revenues and expenses in the third quarter of '07 to the third quarter of '08. For the third quarter of 2008, American Water reported an increase in revenues of 6.2% to $672.2 million from $633.1 million reported in the third quarter of '07 or about $39 million increase. $31.6 million of the increase came from our regulated business and $7.5 million of the increase from our non-regulated business. The increase in our regulated revenues was driven mainly by awards of rate increases of approximately $33 million related to our infrastructure investments and recovery of prudent expenses. Today, we have received great awards during '08 in Iowa, West Virginia, Arizona, Long Island, California, Illinois, Tennessee and Virginia. Offsetting the increases in regulated revenue was a decline in overall usage. While we do continue to see a slight downward trend in water usage, the declining usage for this third quarter is driven mainly by the continuance of the extremely wet weather in our central regions that we'd seen in the second quarter. Historically, this has been one of the wettest summers in the last 100 years in Illinois, Missouri and Ohio. Further evidence of this can be seen in our water sales volume. For the company as a whole, sales volume decreased by almost 6 billion gallons or 5.4%. Our residential customer usage decreased 5.3%. Volume of water sold to commercial customers decreased by 3.5% and the volume of water for our industrial customers decreased 8.5%, resulting in an overall $11.4 million revenue decrease or approximately $5.8 million of net income or $0.04 per earnings per share. And non regulated business increase in revenue comes principally from our Contract Operations Group and Homeowner Services Group. For the third quarter of '08, revenue from our Contract Operations Group increased $7.6 million, mainly from design to operate contracts and military contracts. Our Homeowner Services Group increased revenues by $1.7 million due to expansion into new markets. These increases were partially offset by decreased revenues in other areas of our non regulated businesses, primarily our Applied Water Management Group which continues to be impacted by the slowdown in the housing market. Operating expenses for the three month period decreased $227 million, compared to same period in '07. However, adjusting for the 2007 goodwill impairment charge of $243 million, operating expenses increased $16 million. Our regulated business increased their overall operations and maintenance expenses by $11.2 million and our non regulated businesses increased their operating expenses by $3.50 million. Employee-related expenses increased $14.6 million or approximately 13% for the three months ended September '08, compared to same period in the prior year. A significant portion of this increase was on the regulated side of our business. Our employee-related expenses increased by approximately $13 million. The overall increase in employee-related expenses was primarily due to n increase in the number of employees to continue to enhance customer service and to meet regulatory requirements as well as a stock based compensation expenses did not exist in the prior year. Also included in the increase of employee related expenses is the $1.8 million increase in regulated pension expense. As mentioned on the last earnings call, we are seeing an increase in our production cost particularly related to fuel, purchase water and chemicals. For this third quarter, the increase was approximately $600,000 of the same quarter last year. Based upon these increases, we have updated our rate cases in states such as New Jersey, Missouri, West Virginia and others for these none and measurable increases. Offering supply for services decreased 11.8 million or 14% for the three months period ended September 2008. The majority of the decreases due to lower immediation expenses incurred to insure our compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley and to remedy any material weaknesses. These cost decrease by $8.5 million in the third quarter of 2008 resulting in an approximately $5.1 million and added net income for $0.03 per common share. The server all decrease in stand year-over-year demonstrates our success in moving towards resolving any and or material weaknesses. And I will address this further in a minute. Other factors contributing to the decrease of operating supplies and services include lower divestiture related cost of $2.6 million. There is also a $3.2 million increase in our non-regulated operations associated with several operating contracts which is offset by lower contracted services cost and the applied water management group again due to the down turn in New home construction. Maintenance, materials and services which include emergency repairs as well as cost for preventative maintenance increased $4.4 million or 15.9% for the three months ended September 2008 compared to the same period in the prior year. Regulated businesses maintenance expenses increased by $3 million primarily due to higher cost of removal expenses. Non regulated businesses maintenance increased $1.4 million, primarily due to increased cost in the contract operations group mainly attributable to the cost associated with the new military projects and higher frequency service line protection contract usage by the customers of our homeowner services group. Customer billing and accounting expense increased by $4.8 million primarily due to an increase of uncollectible accounts in our regulated business. Because of changes in the economy, we have begun to implement stricter and earlier shut-off practices which has resulted in acceleration and the recognition of bad debt expense. There have also been expenses increased in our non-regulated business, again primarily as a result of the downturn in the construction market. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased by $1.3 million or 1.9% for the three months ended September 30, '08. This decrease was primarily due to the depreciation rate adjustments resulting from rate orders particularly in our Pennsylvania subsidiary. This was offset by increased expenses due to additional utility plant placed in [ph] service. On a weighted average composite depreciation rate is 2.2%. General taxes expense which include taxes for property, payroll, gross receipts and other miscellaneous items increased by $2.3 million or 4.9% in the three months ended September 30, '08 compared to the three months ended September 30, '07. This increase is primarily due to increased gross receipt taxes in New Jersey of $1.9 million. Our consolidated provision for income taxes increased $17.8 million or 44.8% to $57.5 million for the three months ended September 30, '08. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2008 was 39.5%. Our effective tax rate in '07 was 33%, adjusted for the goodwill impairment charge as we consider that's an infrequently occurring or unusual event. During the third quarter of 2008, American Water continued to prudently invest in the water and wastewater infrastructure of our system. Recently, we achieved two milestones for major projects in Missouri and New Jersey. In Missouri the Joplin Blengo [ph] water treatment plant was successfully placed into service on September 26. The $44.5 million rehabilitation project improves plant reliability and expands the plant from 16 to 21 million gallons per day with the capability to expand to 26 million gallons per day. In New Jersey, the canal road expansion project which is a plant expansion from 60 million gallons per day to 80 million gallons per day is on-schedule for completion this year. The project is expected to be completed at a cost of approximately $49 million. Another major project underway is the construction of a 20 million gallon a day water treatment plant and a 31 mile water transmission line in Kentucky. This project will address a long standing water supply deficit in Central Kentucky. Our capital expenditures for the nine month period ended September 30, 2008 were $714.6 million. To fund these investments, we relied our access to the capital markets and our cash flow from operations which was $393 million approximately for the nine month period ended. This represents a $63 million increase over the prior year. As Don mentioned earlier, we continuously monitor the capital markets, both debt and equity to most efficiently fund our capital needs. Interest expense, the primary component of our other income or deductions, increased by $3.9 million or 5.7% for the three months ended September 30, 2008 compared to the same period in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to the increased borrowing associated with capital expenditures. We usually access the commercial paper market to fund our working capital needs. However, like other companies, we witnessed in the last quarter, the lack of available financing at reasonable rates and specifically on September 15, we were not able to fund our short term financing needs using commercial paper. However, we were able to access our $810 million of unsecured back-up credit lines with out a problem. As of September 30, 2008, American Water had approximately $596 million of available capacity under its credit facility and approximately $132 million of outstanding commercial paper. And recently, we have begin to see improved access to the commercial paper market, improvement in LIBOR rates and the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, science continue to point to the availability of these options again. One of our key strategies is ensuring that we receive an appropriate return on and of our prudently invested capital. During the three months ended September 30, 2008, we received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases in Eleanor, Virginia and Tennessee amounting to approximately $27 million. In the first nine months of 2008, we received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases of approximately $74 million assuming constant sales volumes. Our allowed return on equities for the rate cases finalized during 2008 continue to generally be in the range of 10 to 10.5%. In the first nine months of 2008, we filed general rate cases in 10 additional states to assure of corporate return on an up the capital we have prudently invested in the infrastructure as well as a recovery of any increase in cost or decreases in demand. Several of these rate cases remain outstanding. As of September 30, our subsidiaries are awaiting final order on rate cases that would provide approximately $268 million and additional annual revenue if approved this file. There is assurance that the filed amount on any portion there of our requested increases will be granted. We are proud to have recently announced our second quarterly dividend since our return to becoming a public company. As we noted in our S1, I want to reiterate that our policy subject of course to approval by a board of directors is to declare and pay a dividend on a quarterly basis of $0.20 per share. And in the long run, we expect to have a payout ratio in the 50% to 70% range of net income. I'd now like to take a few minutes to address our policy as it relates to goodwill that is on our balance sheet and again as a reminder, this goodwill relates to the premium that RWE paid for American Water in 2003 and for Eichan Corporation [ph] in 2001. Over the past few years, we have written off approximately half of that goodwill and we now have a balance of $1.7 billion remaining on our balance sheet as of the end of September. The company's policy is to reassess the value of that goodwill on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of every year and we expect to conduct that test at that time. As you may recall in light of the initial public offering price, we did perform an interim impairment test and based on that assessment, we have recorded an impairment charge to goodwill related to our regulated businesses of $750 million in our first quarter financial statements. Since the IPO, there have been no triggering events that would have warranted our performing another in our interim test. As part of our continued remediation efforts to address the material weaknesses that we have mentioned in the past quarters, we have established numerous policies and procedures and have taken management actions that we believe address the areas of material weakness and we have tested for their effectiveness. Based on these actions, the length of time these controls have now been in place and tested, we believe that certain controls have been operating effectively as of September 30, 2008. We no longer consider that inadequate internal staffing and skills and inadequate controls over month-end closing prophesies are material weaknesses. While we believe that remediation procedures related to the other identified material weaknesses are substantially complete, our testing procedures have not been fully completed, and therefore we can make no assurances as till the success of our remediation efforts at this time. As of September 30th, the company had incurred $57.8 million to remediate these material weaknesses and to document and test key financial reporting controls. Based upon our current adjustment, we expect to complete our remediation procedures related to identified material weaknesses during '08 with an estimated additional cost of under $1 million. With that, I want to thank you for your continued interest in American Water and this concludes our prepared statements on American Water's third quarter financial results. And I would like to turn the call back to the operator for any questions and answers you may have. Thank you. Question And Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Ryan Connors with Boenning and Scattergood. Please go ahead.
Ryan M. Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Hey, good morning and thanks for the prepared remarks. They're very thorough.
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Ryan M. Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: I had a question on current economic situation. Obviously to a large extent, things are still evolving but I'm just curious, what you expect the reactions of the regulators to be in terms of rate awards? I mean it seems reasonable to expect that the consumer advocates [ph] would get, a little bit more aggressive and say, hey, consumers are under enough stress right now, they don't need a rate hike for water as well. So, in your interactions with the regulators and with the regulatory process, and now you're just coming off a major industry event, are you seeing any evidence of that and in if so, to what extent do you think regulators would be receptive to those arguments and how would that, how might that impact to your business?
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well thank you for the question and you're right, we did just have a... an industry conference with all of the investor owned companies and with more than a handful, we had quite a representation of regulators and staff from across the country. To your first point, there weren't a large number of advocate types if you will, at the meeting. But there were a fair amount of regulators and whether it was the regulator, the commissioners or the staff [ph], I think there was a clear balancing that they recognized that their responsibility to make sure that we have the capacity to continue to provide the service to make sure that we have the financial profile and the flexibility to fund our infrastructure to cover our cost and that we have access to the capital markets and I think to that point they all recognized that the market is what it is. There was a fair amount of discussion about the increase in interest cost at the moment and that there was probably a corresponding increase in the cost of equity. They recognized it, they recognized their responsibilities. They also, they understand their responsibility to balance between the investors and the consumers. But I didn't sense any overwhelming sentiment that they suddenly needed to shift in one direction or other. They understand the need for the deal with customers that suddenly find themselves with an increased difficulty to pay their bills and they understand we have policies, procedures and practices in place to deal with a lot of those things. But as it relates to the financial markets and our ability to continue to serve and they're willingness or ability to give us the necessary rates to cover our capital cost, I didn't sense any hesitation on their part to continue to understand the nature of our business and that we need to invest for the long term.
Ryan M. Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Okay. And Don you have been in this business a long time. Is that consistent with what you have seen in the past whether in past recessions and economic downturns is not a real change in how regulators treat these rate cases.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I appreciate you reminding everyone that I have been in the business for a long time. I think in the... I can recall the rate shock that we were all dealing with as an industry in the late 70s and early 80s. Both when we had very high inflation and high interest rates and at that point high on top of that a whole out of new regulations that were coming out of the then the relatively new EPA requiring filtration for a lot of the water companies across the country. That was a triple hammer. And there was a bit more apprehension and push-back back then. I think if anything our industry has done a credible job in the last decade or two in explaining this to the regulators because back then we were the step child and we really didn't have the same kind of air time that the electric companies, the gas companies and then back then the telephone companies had. And we've done I think a better job in explaining to the regulators the need for continuous investments in our infrastructure and the need for us to have the financial flexibility to be able to deal with this. So I can't compare this to what we were seeing back in the 1980s and I think there is a general reception and a general understanding of the need to maintain the financial flexibility and the financial profile that all of us in the industry need to have.
Ryan M. Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Okay. And you mentioned in your prepared remarks that these capital market condition were to persist and obviously that's not necessarily your or any one else's base case but if these conditions did persist, what would be the alternatives. I know that normally you like to operate and then most your peers like to operate around the 50-50 somewhere near 50-50 debt equity split. I mean if you have flexibility to stray from that and if so would that be the way the route that you would go or would you have to sort of dial back your plans in terms of the magnitude of your capital spending?
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: I'll let Ellen speak more in a minute about our capital structure. I mean we have some flexibility but we've also set some targets and I think it's our goal to maintain those targets we set at the time of the IPO that we want to have a 45% to 50% equity ratio. We acknowledged that we're on the low end of that, we'd like to bring that up but we also acknowledged that if in the short run we needed to for variety of a reasons go a little bit below that, we could do that also but that's not a long-term sustainable proposition and its not one that we would really want to get ourselves into. I think what we did immediately following the market crash so to speak couple of months ago, the credit market ceasing, we promptly looked at a number of scenarios of how we might be financing, when we would be financing, how much capital we would be spending and that's part of what I think any prudent organization, any organization that prudently manages itself, but I would be doing, I'm sure a lot of other did the same thing. So we have a number of alternatives that we will pursue but at the moment we're not planning to alter our long-term deal that we're going to continue to invest in our infrastructure for the long-term and we're all watching closely and we're managing slightly differently than we were two months ago and we're all hopeful that the credit markets begin to come back as they appear to be doing now.
Ryan M. Connors - Boenning & Scattergood, Inc.: Okay, well that's great thanks. Thanks for your time and congratulations to you and all your employees on a great performance.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Great. Thanks, and your next question comes from the line of Debra Coy with Janney. Please go ahead.
Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Good morning Don and Ellen.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Looking at continuing on the kind of the rate outlook discussion and where you are on your elaborate turns. Ellen you mentioned that a lot of returns that coming in 10, 10.5 we're actually seeing some rate cases coming in more like 11 that does seem that the regulators are better understanding the need to attract capital into this industry. Can you tell us first of all about where you are on your actual returns? Obviously we have to back out the portion of goodwill that's not covered in rate base if there was of course for charging the first quarter. But on a normalized net income basis for this year where you would say you are in terms of the natural earned ROE? Somewhere around 5.5 may be?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes and Debra I think let me talk a couple of things. We have seen our return on equities as high as 10.8. Most of our rate cases that we have gotten have been prior couple small and prior to what we're seeing in economic downturn right now. Although the ones we just we recently got us still staying within that range. And I guess I've only seen one that's come in at 11% and so far but again I am feeling confident that regulators are acknowledging and starting to understand what's happening in the market as Don mentioned earlier. We are seeing a slight improvement on our return on equity which I have to say we have to offset that against what we're seeing in the way revenue decreased because of the weather. And so if you put that into the calculation, we are seeing a slight increase on that return on equity. As we've mentioned before, we expect that increase to get up to the normal coloration is three or four year process because we're putting a lot of new capital in today and need to get that into rates as well. But we are beginning to see an increase taking into account the fact that we've had some lower revenue because of the weather.
Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Is my back of the envelope calculation of where you are currently in 5%, 5.5% range is that right?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would say, we're probably a little bit higher than that, again taking into account the unusual item.
Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Okay. And then lastly your comments on the weather, leaves me to my second question. We doesn't seem that you've had more dramatic weather swings likely, I don't know it's climate change or what but it does seem to have become a bigger issue across the country. Obviously they are moving forward with the decoupling mechanism in California, what is your general thought that we are seeing conservation and weather impacts having a bigger impact across the rest of our territories in terms of pursuing potential adjustment... mechanisms in other states?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The largest area we're seeing it right now as you mentioned is California and very much the Western states. And in those states, our goal is to work with the regulators on the decoupling mechanism, so that conservation... we still have to recover the appropriate return on and off our capital. And regulators recognize that and are willing to work with us to find the right decoupling mechanism. So that we are not punished for conservation and also we want to encourage conservation as well from our customers. We're not seeing that as much of an issue here in the East, although occasionally a regulator may talk to us about doing some sort of trail on decoupling to see what its impact would be. Decoupling as you know it's a long way away for the water industry, we're slow to move. We recognized the issue but there will be a lot of thought and discussion around how to appropriate reflect it in our rates.
Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Okay. Because it certainly does seem that those issues are not having impact on earned ROEs in the interim. My last question is, you mentioned industrial use being down significantly relative to residential and commercial. Does that seem like an economic factor to you rather than a weather or some other extraneous factor? And then leading to the broader question of how are you seeing economic slowdown either in the industrial sector or elsewhere impacting your business now and over the next few quarters?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. The industrial customer decrease in usage is mainly due to weather. There is some but very few of our businesses that we're seeing our industrial customers are going out of this, as we have not seen that in any of the service territories that we have. Where we are seeing a slight impact as I mentioned earlier of what's happening in the economy, is along the lines of our bad debt and the way we have approached that is by moving up on our time frame to do shutoffs and notifications all within regulatory rules as it relates to that but trying to ahead of the game for people who are in foreclosure... maybe in foreclosure or who have moved trying to find them before they move to pay the bills. So we are accelerating and looking a lot harder at our collections policies and as you saw, we did see some impact in the third quarter and again part of that is our trying to get ahead of the curve on that.
Debra Coy - Janney Montgomery Scott, LLC: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Great, thank you. And our next question then comes from the line of Maria Karahalis with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning this is Debra Basin [ph] for Maria.
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: My main question stands from your tuck-in acquisitions and the opportunities you have there. You've been very successful in acquiring small water systems despite this current economic environment. But I was wondering whether because of this economic environment you have actually seen an increase for municipalities to present through out by their systems? And are you being more aggressive and trying to search for these opportunities?
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Its fair to say that we have compared to where we were at the company three or four years that over the last two to three years we've ramp up our efforts aggressive's probably too strong a term. But we've ramped up our efforts and the way we have been organizes the people we have on the ground, to make sure that the market place knew to with the municipalities that we were in business and that we had this as one of our priorities once again. So I think it took a little while for us to get the word out that in fact it was an option for municipalities cause frankly we had dropped the ball about five years ago on that regard and it wasn't a priority and it is a natural thing that we should be doing and it was something that we had done through out American Water's history and so we have gotten back out into the marketplace. We have had some successes. You've seen some of the statistics compared to where we were from 2003 to 2005. We've increased the last three years successfully and successively in the number of acquisitions and tuck-ins that we have done. And I think it's fair to say that as a result of our advancing marketing efforts that a lot more municipalities know today that they do have some choices rather than just the way they had always done it. I can say that in the last six months, we have certainly seen far more interest in that. Even before the recent crises in the financial markets. And I think that was both a recognition of the fact that they knew they had choices, that we were there educating them of their choices. And that fact that many of the municipalities were ahead of the curve if you will and having to deal with their own budgetary issues. They... I won't say that they necessarily solve the seizure coming that happened in September and October. But all of the municipalities and the state governments have to plan and budget on annual basis and they saw what was looming. So there was an early indication. We have had I would say scores of inquiries over the last several months and I would say it is accelerating. But I would also caution that things that we closed in this quarter are things that we started working on over a year ago and we've talked quite a bit in the past about our acquisition that is pending for municipalities and trend New Jersey or outside the trend in New Jersey. At something that we started working on over two years ago and it took that long to get it through the approval process and ultimately to file with the regulators and it's been pending there for the better part of the year. So we are optimistic, we do see that more municipalities are beginning to question whether or not water and wastewater services are something that they necessarily need to continue to have as something that they are providing in addition to providing education and safety and other things and we are optimistic that we'll be able to turn more of these inquiries into opportunities over the next year or two.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And to kind of follow-up on that question, are you seeing increased competition some other larger water utilities especially in the overlapping regions that you guys are in?
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: No.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question then comes from the line of Bill Apichally [ph] with Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Going back to the point that Ryan brought up earlier about kind of financing your continuing growth, the CapEx number we've kind of got working here is part of $850 to $870 million for next year, is that still in the ballpark? I mean have you guys looked to cut that back at all or is that still that the working number?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: As Don mentioned what we've done is a working number and as Don mentioned we've done I am sure as every other utility out there scenario planning around the economic markets, the financial markets. So that we are prepared for whatever may happen here in terms of cash flow. But right now our working assumption is that we are continuing to spend as we've talked about and that again is based off as Don mentioned the regulators... really acknowledging and recognizing that, we need to continue to invest in the infrastructure.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So any time, like you'll willing to maintain that level, may be issue more debt and a little of equity in the near term and as conditions may be improved down the road and may be if you need to issue equity kind of in 2010 or just more down there... may be provide an opportunity to do that then?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We don't want to harm, one, the infrastructure of this company and what we're investing for the customers and two, the value of this company and we need to make sure we continue to position ourselves for the future and we will watch the capital markets and raise either debt or equity, as is most appropriate.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. So basically, those options are still on the table then?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, they are still on the table, but again, we're going to do what's right in terms of... in the short term but as Don mentioned our long-term balance is always around the 45% equity ratio.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Alright thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And we do have a question then from the line of Heike Doerr [ph] with Janney. Please go ahead
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Wanted to follow-up on Don's comments about Trenton. We have seen an article back in mid-October that headquarter Trenton official is saying that the deal was all by dead. I was wondering if you could comment on what the status of this approval is from the commission. And if this falls into 2009 and doesn't get completed here at the end of 2008, does that throw off the timing of your pending New Jersey rate case?
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think there were four questions there. But you gave a rapid succession. So let me see if... I'll deal with Trenton first. To paraphrase some one the reports of something that was a bit premature or the report of someone's early demise. We have had opposition voiced by a variety of people to whether or not these systems should be sold by the city Trenton going back to before the time when Trenton actually put them on the market. So there are always accounts of opposition and I think there was a report that you are referring to that one of the officials said that perhaps it was dead or perhaps it had hit some snag and that is an unfortunate quote that was out there because our petition is still alive and well and we are still having discussions and it is still active before the commission and with all of the interveners actively engaged. We... working regularly with the commissions, I think it's fair to say that we are a bit more tuned into the process than perhaps someone who is going before a PUC for the first time may be and it is a process that you have to go through and you have to take all of the interveners opinions and suggestions and that's why we built some of the protections that we did into the contract for us that we knew that this hinged on what the ultimate rate recovery allowance would be by the regulators and what the rate base would be allowed. And we fully expected and had spoken with the Trenton officials also that was... there could potentially be some give and take in some of this and other opinions besides those that they and we had. So we're working through that process. We have it coupled to our rate case, but we are able to decouple it not to confuse it with Debra's earlier discussion of decoupling. But it is not something that necessarily has to impact our rate decision and we're working then both on parallel tracks and hope that we can conclude them simultaneously but we're prepared to go in separate directions with them. I'd also say that it was always our plan and our hope that we could resolve them simultaneously and that we would be able to finish them both by the end of the year. We're still optimistic in that regard but if the Trenton acquisition tends to linger a little bit longer, we will be coupled then as appropriate and if we're able to finalize that acquisition early next year, that's not terribly inconsistent with what we've always said about the timing.
Unidentified Analyst: So there is a effective date for increased rates in New Jersey, does January 1st still make sense?
Ellen C. Wolf - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Generally, Heike [ph] what we find in New Jersey is it takes 11 to 12 months for a rate case to be settled and we did file this in January of '08.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And this does conclude the question-and-answer portion of the call. I'd now like to turn the call back to Don Correll for any closing remarks.
Donald L. Correll - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well thank you everyone for your questions. Thank you for your attention and thank you for your continued interest in American Water. As Ellen and I both said we're exited about our future. We are pleased with the results that we've been able to achieve for this third quarter. And we look forward to your continued interest and look forward to talking to you on our next call. Thank you.
Operator: Great, and thank you. And this does conclude today's conference call and webcast. You may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-12 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to American Water’s 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Participating on today’s call are Donald Correll, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ellen Wolf, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Edward Vallejo, Vice President Investor Relations. I would like to introduce your host for today’s call, Edward Vallejo; please go ahead.
Edward Vallejo: Good morning and welcome to American Water’s 2008 second quarter earnings conference call. If you did not receive a copy of the earnings release you can find it by visiting American Water’s Investor Relations page of the company’s website at www.amwater.com. The slides used in this morning’s conference call will also be available to download following the call. Before we begin let me remind you that in accordance with the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the company notes certain matters to be discussed by members of management during this call may constitute forward-looking statements. Such statements are subject to numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual performance of American Water to be materially different from the performance indicated or implied by such statements. Such risk factors are set forth in the company’s SEC filings. Today, American Water’s President and Chief Executive Officer, Donald Correll, and Ellen Wolf, American Water’s Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will be discussing our second quarter and year to day results. Following their presentation we will be accepting questions. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Donald Correll.
Donald Correll: Thank you Edward, good morning everyone. Today we will be commenting on our second quarter as well as our year to day results, reviewing some of the highlights and how they all relate to our business strategies. Ellen will go into further detail regarding our second quarter, but first I’d like to give a brief overview of our key financial results. For the quarter the company reported an operating revenue increase of 5.5% to approximately $589.4 million. Net income was $45.5 million compared with $49.2 million in the second quarter of 2007. Ellen will detail the changes in net income during her portion of the call. The substantial increase in operating revenues is a result of our successful rate cases. Earning an appropriate rate of return is a core strategy for American Water, and a critical competency of any regulated utility. In the second three months of 2008 we received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases of $19.2 million which brings the total for the first half of the year to $47.2 million. At present, we have 11 rate cases pending across the country. A main driver of increasing rates is our capital investment. Company-wide year-to-date, American Water has invested approximately $426 million on infrastructure improvements. This prudent investment, also a core strategy, is needed to ensure the reliability of our services and is on target with our anticipated annual capital investment plan. We expect to invest in the billion dollar range per year for the foreseeable future. These investments include both infrastructure renewal programs and construction to meet new customer growth and help to ensure our continued compliance with water quality standards. American Water takes great pride in meeting our surpassing water quality standards and in fact during this past quarter we earned nine more Director’s Awards from the Partnership for Safe Water. This is the environmental protection agency’s voluntary program to meet more stringent water quality goals than is required. In total American Water has earned 70 Director’s Awards across our business since the inception of the program. American Water continues to look for opportunities to grow our regulated business and pursue public private partnerships. The evolving needs in the marketplace for water and wastewater solutions create a wide range of growth possibilities. Currently we are pursuing numerous regulated or regulated-like opportunities that range in size and include many tuck-ins. Growing our regulated business through tuck-ins allows us to integrate systems, operations and management as well as achieve efficiencies. A recent example of this was the June acquisition of a small system in Eastern Pennsylvania called Mountain Top Estates. Our subsidiary in Pennsylvania already provided water and wastewater services in a number of nearby communities and as such this acquisition was a great fit for Pennsylvania American Water and were able to meet a 100 person community water needs. In additional Pennsylvania American Water acquired the assets of [inaudible] joint Municipal authority, water and wastewater systems. The purchase price is approximately $2 million. The newly acquired systems provide drinking water to approximately 550 customers as well as wastewater treatment services to nearly 500 customers. The transaction represents Pennsylvania American Water’s first wastewater acquisition in Western Pennsylvania. And just this past weekend, the residents of Fayetteville, West Virginia voted overwhelmingly to sell the towns water and sewer systems to West Virginia American Water. The town has been purchasing water from West Virginia American Water since January. With the sale now approved by voters the company awaits final closure on the $3.9 million purchase agreement likely to occur at the end of September. That system serves approximately 2,200 customers. While our business mix focuses predominantly on regulated activities, we continue to pursue public private partnerships including O&M and military contracts and services and other non-regulated businesses that are complimentary to our regulated businesses. Other news for American Water includes the appointment of our newest Board member, Julia Johnson. Ms. Johnson brings more than 20 years of experience and a wealth of knowledge in the utility industry to American Water. She is an excellent addition to our Board and an independent member. American Water also announced some key organizational changes that we believe will better position this company to execute its key strategies and deliver positive future results. Walter Lynch has been appointed President of Regulated Operations and John Young was named President of American Water Services and continues to serve as President of American Water Service Company. Walter and John are key leaders at American Water and have vast experience in this industry. In his new role Walter will be responsible for the successful performance of American Water’s 20 regulated states as well as the company’s two national customer call centers. All of the state Presidents will now report to him. John will work to align the organization’s capabilities to support various growth opportunities like the company’s recent successes with the Tampa Bay [desalination] project in Florida and the Lake Pleasant Water Treatment Plant in Arizona. John will also continue to lead multiple operational functions as well as the business transformation related to the company’s information technology initiative. This critical effort will ensure the company employs the proper technology to meet future customer and business needs. I have every confidence that through these two new positions both Walter and John will help this company achieve its full potential. We also declared our first dividend payment since going public in April. We realize the importance of meeting shareholders’ expectations. This declaration represented the first dividend payment since American Water’s IPO and reinitiated a policy that was a long standing tradition of American Water’s prior public history. Finally although Ellen will have further information on the financial impact of the weather, I want to acknowledge and congratulate the American Water teams in our central states. While the Midwest has not seen flooding like this since 1993, thanks to the additional steps that were taken by the company during and after the floods, American Water’s operations had no difficulty maintaining service to our customers. It’s an absolute credit to our employees and reflects our commitment to those we serve. With that I’ll turn the call over to Ellen to discuss the second quarter and year-to-date financial results in more detail.
Ellen Wolf: Thank you very much Donald and good morning everyone. American Water’s second quarter results continued to show our commitment to investing appropriately in our infrastructure, applying for and receiving rates of return on that investment and addressing our customer requirements. For the second quarter ended June 30, 2008 American Water reported net income of $45.5 million or $0.28 earnings per share compared with $49.2 million or $0.31 earnings per share for the comparable quarter of 2007. Included in our second quarter results are incremental employee expenses related to job reclassifications and awards granted in relationship to the initial public offering. A [cap] amounting to approximately $5 million on a pre-tax basis. In addition the second quarter results for 2007 included a one-time gain on sale of property of approximately $6 million on a pre-tax basis. For the six month period we reported a net loss of $687 million or $4.29 earnings per share. After taking into account a net after-tax impairment charge in the first quarter of 2008 of $738.5 million net income for the six months ended June 30, 2008 was $51.5 million or $0.32 earnings per share compared to $51.8 million or $0.32 earnings per share for the six months ended June 30, 2007. A key contributor to our net income for the second quarter was our growth in revenue. For the second quarter of 2008 American Water reported an increase in revenue of 5.5% to $589 million from $559 million reported in the second quarter of 2007 or a $30.6 million increase. This increase was driven by an increase in our regulated revenues of $17.6 million and $11.6 million increase in revenues from the non-regulated business. As I just mentioned for our regulated businesses revenues from customers increased by approximately $7.6 million. This is mainly due to the implementation of granted rate increases resulting in additional revenue for quarter of approximately $26 million. However the full benefit of this rate increase was offset by a decrease quarter-over-quarter in the volume of water sold. This is largely attributable to the weather conditions in the Midwest where the rainfall was approximately 70% higher then average in Iowa, 40% higher in Missouri, and 30% higher in Indiana and Illinois. For the company as a whole, sales volume for our residential customers decreased 2.1%, volume of water sold to commercial customers decreased by 1.4% and the volume of water for our industrial customers decreased 2.8% in the second quarter of 2008 versus the second quarter of 2007. The non-regulated business increase in revenue comes principally from our contract operations group and homeowner services group. These increases were partially offset by decreased revenues in our applied water management group which have been impacted by the slowdown in the housing market mainly in New Jersey. Offsetting the increase in revenues were $39.5 million higher operating expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2008. The increase in operating expenses primarily resulted from higher operating expenses in our regulated businesses of $23.7 million during the three months ended June 30, 2008 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2007 and an increase in operating expenses in our non-regulated businesses of $16 million for the three months ended June 30, 2008 compared to the prior three months ended June 30, 2007. The rise in operating expenses in our regulated businesses reflects our continued commitment to enhancing customer service and ensuring that we meet both the customers’ and regulators’ expectations. This involves, just to name a few, making sure we are appropriately staffed to answer the phones on a timely basis in our call centers, responding to customer concerns quickly and efficiently, turning on and off service as required, and making sure our meters are read in a timely and accurate manner. Employee related expenses increased by approximately $12 million from $119 million in the second quarter of 2007 to $131 million in the second quarter of 2008. Included in this $12 million increase in our expenses for the second quarter of 2008 is the $4.7 million previously mentioned related to job reclassifications and a grant of stock to employees at the time of the IPO. This grant vested in July and was valued at approximately $2 million of which approximately three-quarters was recognized in the second quarter of this year. Also included in employee related expenses is a $3 million increase year-over-year in our pension expense. After taking into account these items, other employer related expenses increased approximately $4 million or 3.6%. We are beginning to see a slight increase in our production costs particularly related to fuel, purchased water and chemicals of approximately $2 million quarter-over-quarter. Based upon the increases we are seeing in these areas, we have been or will be able to update our rate cases in states such as New Jersey, Missouri, West Virginia and others, for these known and measurable increases. While we have seen some impact of the slowdown in the housing market on our non-regulated businesses, we have not seen any substantial change in our bad debt for the regulated business. Also in comparing expenses for the three months ended June 30, 2008 versus June 30, 2007 it should be noted that the expenses in 2007 were offset by a gain on sale of assets of approximately $6.3 million. We continue to make significant progress on our compliance with Sarbanes-Oxley. The expenses to ensure our compliance with and the remedy of any materials or significant weaknesses decreased from $9.1 million in the second quarter of 2007 to $2.9 million in the second quarter of 2008. This overall decrease in spend year-over-year demonstrates our success in resolving any and all material weaknesses. We do expect to incur and additional $2.8 million for the second half of the year. Other items affecting income from continuing operations for the three months ended June 30, 2008 as compared to the same period in the prior year, include increased allowance for funds used during construction of $3.2 million, attributable to the increase in the construction work in progress primarily in New Jersey and Missouri, and also lower income tax expense of $2.5 million. During the second quarter of 2008 American Water continued to prudently invest in the water and wastewater infrastructure of its system. Cash outflows for capital investment increased from $138 million in the second quarter of 2007 to $237 million in the second quarter of 2008. For the six months of 2008 American Water has dedicated approximately $426 million of capital to its system. Additionally the Kentucky Commission approved our building a new source of supply in Lexington for an expected cost of $162 million for an approximately 20 MGD plant. One of our key strategies in ensuring that we receive an appropriate return of our prudently invested capital is filing rates. During the three months ended June 30, 2008 we received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases in California and Arizona amounting to $19.2 million. While California rates were not granted until May of 2008, they are retroactive to January 1st, 2008 which resulted in American Water recognizing $1.4 million of additional revenue in the second quarter. Arizona’s rates were effective in the second quarter of 2008. In the first six months of 2008 we received authorizations for additional annualized revenues from general rate cases of $47.2 million. As of July 31, 2008 we are awaiting final orders for $6.8 million in total additional annual of revenues for general rate cases that were filed in October and November of 2007. In the first six months of 2008 we filed general rate cases in nine additional states to ensure an appropriate return on the capital we have prudently invested in the infrastructure as well as a recovery of any increase in costs or decreases in demand. The file of rate cases should provide $271 million of additional revenues if approved as filed. There is not assurance that the filed amount or any portion thereof of any requested increases will be granted. As a reminder, it generally takes up to 12 months between the filing of a rate case and the rates being authorized by the state commission. I want to note that in July, 2008, 11 months after we initially filed the rate case, the Illinois Commission approved and granted authorization to increase rates in our service territories in Illinois which will provide additional annualized revenue of $24.9 million. During the six months ended June 30, 2008 we met our capital resource requirements with internally generated cash, commercial paper issuance, the issuance of $200 million of private placement debt and a capital contribution of $245 million from RWE. The capital contribution received from RWE was in connection with the IPO and we do not anticipate any such contribution in the future. As you are aware American Water’s common stock began selling on the New York Stock Exchange on April 23, 2008, and on April 28, 2008 the company completed its IPO with the company’s selling shareholder selling 58 million shares of the company’s common stock at a price of $21.50 per share. Subsequent to the IPO American Water announced the underwriters’ partial exercise of their option to purchase 5.2 million shares to cover overall [inaudible]. As of this date there are approximately 63.2 million shares on the public market with the remaining shares or approximately 60% of outstanding shares still owned by RWE. I’d now like to take a few minutes and address the issue of goodwill that is on our balance sheet. As a reminder this goodwill relates to the premium that RWE paid for American Water when it acquired the company back in 2003. Over the past years, American Water has written off approximately half the goodwill and has a balance of $1.7 billion remaining as of June 30, 2008. The company’s policy is to reassess the value of that goodwill on an annual basis in the fourth quarter of every year and we expect to conduct that test at the same time for 2008. As you may recall from our last earning’s call, in light of the initial public offering price we performed an interim impairment test. Based on that assessment we recorded in our first quarter financial statement a pre-tax impairment charge to goodwill related to our regulated business of $750 million. Since the IPO there have been no triggering events that would warrant our performing another interim test. As Donald noted earlier we were proud to have recently announced our first quarterly dividend since our return to a public company. As we noted on our last quarterly call, and in our S1, I wanted to reiterate that our policy subject to approval by our Board of Directors is to declare and pay a dividend on a quarterly basis of $0.20 per share and in the long run to have the payment ratio in the 50% to 70% range of net income. We at American Water want to thank you for your continued interest in our company. That concludes our prepared remarks for American Water’s second quarter financial results and we are now ready for our question-and-answer session.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Elizabeth Parrella – Merrill Lynch
Elizabeth Parrella: On the non-regulated businesses, your press release mentions that revenues were up $11.6 million and expenses were up $16 million in the quarter, can you talk about whether there were any unusual items in the expenses or any timing mismatches between revenues and expenses?
Ellen Wolf: There were no unusual items or mismatches. We had really three things sort of driving it; first in homeowner services because of the unique weather we had more frequency of breaks and therefore having to fix those breaks so the expenses were up a little bit there. Second on some of our contracts we were seeing startup costs related to the military contracts and then third we did start a DBO in [Fillmore] and that has a lower margin on it on the DB part because it’s really more a pass-through. So again nothing unusual there.
Elizabeth Parrella: You mention on the reclassification of certain employee costs that’s in this $4.7 million, just based on your comments on the compensation piece, is the right way to think about it is that the employee cost is about $3 million out of the $4.7 million and the other is maybe $1.5 million or so?
Ellen Wolf: That’s correct.
Elizabeth Parrella: Does that $3 million cost, is there any benefit to you either later in the year or down the road? Does any of that come back to you or should we view that as sort of a one-time cost?
Ellen Wolf: It should be deemed as a one-time cost.
Elizabeth Parrella: On the regulatory side, can you provide any update on the New Jersey case in terms of how that’s going and also the Trenton acquisition proceeding?
Donald Correll: We are proceeding as planned. We are—our testimony has been in for some time. We’re doing the discovery now for the intervener’s testimony. Hearings are scheduled for this fall. We are still on track for both the rate case and the acquisition to get a decision by the end of the year or worst case, the very beginning of 2009. We are always optimistic and hopeful, the possibility of trying to reach some kind of a settlement in advance but there’s been no activity on that front at the moment and I think its safe to say that we’re still on target to have this done at or about the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Maria Karahalis - Goldman Sachs
Maria Karahalis: I wanted to ask a question regarding the broader economic environment, and if you could comment on the environment for tuck-in acquisitions, I know you’ve talked about a couple of them during the quarter whether you’ve seen a greater willingness or more optimism about the ability to conclude those in the second half of this year and into next, without being specific. And I guess the economic environment [inaudible] the other way, are you seeing more push-back then usual on your proposed rate increases?
Donald Correll: We are indeed seeing more recent activity by more openness by municipal officials across sectors of our business to at least consider either the sale or some type of public private partnership, particularly for communities like the ones that I alluded to earlier and Fayetteville, West Virginia, being a great example of that. I think communities of that size are beginning to accept that perhaps they may not have the critical mass necessary to be able to support the financial investments, to be able to have the technical and managerial capabilities to run the systems and invest in the systems and we’re seeing more of a willingness particularly throughout the Midwest and to some extent here in the northeast to have these municipalities think about some options other than just doing it the way they’ve always done it. So we are seeing that as a result of the economic downturn, the continued pressure on the municipal budgets, the continued pressure on state budgets and the lack of funding coming from both the states  and the federal government that more of the municipalities are at least having a dialogue now. Now as far as trying to close some of them by the end of the year, it does take a while to bring these things from the discussion stage until closing so I wouldn’t necessarily expect the floodgates to open between now and the end of the year but its certainly is a positive sign that we’re beginning to see some of them entering the frontend of the pipeline.
Ellen Wolf: In terms of the rates, let’s start with the recently announced decision by Illinois where we did get a 10.35 return on equity and acknowledgement of all of the infrastructure and costs that we’ve put into this system. As with anything I think when you continually file rates everyone will react, but again we’re watching that very closely. We’re making sure that we are communicating both with the public as to the quality of our investment as well as with the regulators as to the necessity of that investment and the push-back we’re seeing I think is no different then we see with any normal rate case that’s filed right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Conners - Boenning & Scattergood
Ryan Conners: Regarding the rate cases coming up, with all the inflationary pressures that we’re seeing in the electric and gas spaces, we guess that some of the regulators are a little bit overwhelmed. If this was true then it seems like it would have some impact on water utilities in that their request would either be fast tracked or alternatively swept under the rug, increasing lead times, etc. Can you provide some color on whether and how you see this affecting water utilities and more specifically American Water’s ability to get rate increases?
Donald Correll: I have to admit that we haven’t seen that nor have we heard that on the ground. It is unfortunate that that—there may be more activity in front of the public utility commissions across the country as a result of inflationary pressures and the like, but we have not certainly New Jersey being a good example, we’ve not seen any indication that we’re being swept under the rug or we’re getting second billing. I think all of the commissions that we’ve dealt with across the country take their responsibilities very seriously. They do what they need to do to meet their regulatory and legislative mandates to process cases in as timely a fashion as possible. So the fact that we’re getting a tick up in some expenses or some electric companies filing again now that they’re [stay off] periods have ended we really haven’t experienced that kind of push-back or delays in any of the commissions we’re dealing with.
Ryan Conners: Based on trends in July and August, do you expect weather issues that hurt volumes in the second quarter to normalize in third quarter?
Donald Correll: I think it’s fair to say we’ve not seen any floods in July like we saw in May and June. But beyond that it’s really premature to make any comment about what the weather is going to be or what normalization might be.
Ryan Conners: We saw that depreciation was down year-over-year, and given the heightened level of CapEx we I guess would have thought that depreciation would have been a little higher. Can you provide some color on that?
Ellen Wolf: Remember depreciation is always a function of the type of assets that we’re putting in and the life of those assets and a lot of money we are spending on infrastructure; pipes in the ground, etc. which have a very long depreciable asset as granted to us by the regulators. We do work with the regulators over the composite life of any assets. I think what you’re seeing is a slight mix on how we’re spending the dollars and therefore on longer lived assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heike Doerr – Janney Montgomery Scott
Heike Doerr: You mentioned that the industrial consumption was down 2.8%, can you quantify how much of that is weather and how much of that is an economic slowdown impact?
Ellen Wolf: We generally don’t have that kind of breakdown but I can tell you we are not seeing in any of our areas right now any of the industries going out of business. We’re not seeing any impact where we’ve lost major customers along those lines right now.
Heike Doerr: Can you refresh our memory how the Trenton approval is tied into the rate case and should the Commission come back and say that the $100 million I believe you requested in rate base is too high? How does that process go if you go back to Trenton and renegotiate that? Can you walk us through some of those scenarios?
Donald Correll: To some extent we’ll be speculating but I think that the fundamental thing to remember is that our contract with the City of Trenton is that we—the $100 million is the purchase price to be included in rate base. If the PUC would decide for whatever reason that $100 million was not the appropriate price our contract with the City of Trenton is that we will only pay them what is included in our rate base. So how it would work mechanically I’d be speculating about somewhat but practically, if the PUC were to say that we’re going to approve something less, our obligation is to only pay what they’re including in the rate base and that’s what we would pay for the asset assuming Trenton was prepared to accept that.
Ellen Wolf: The only other thing is that the $125 million that we did apply for as a rate increase did include in it the capital invested in Trenton. So if we pay less, we might see that $125 million adjusted accordingly to reflect the amount that’s in rate base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy Winter - Smith, Moore & Co.
Timothy Winter: There have been a number of positive developments in the California regulatory environment with revenue stabilization, expense stabilization, and streamlining of rate cases, where is your California subsidiary on the rate case front and implementation of these mechanisms?
Ellen Wolf: In terms of revenue stabilization, we’ve just done or are about to do our initial filing in that area. We have filed our general rate case and we have filed for an overall return on equity to be applied to all of our rates and I would have to check, but I don’t believe that its until 2010 that that’s when our total three year cycle begins for all of our rate cases so we are not this coming year, but probably the year after; 2010 or 2011 and I would have to get back to you on that.
Timothy Winter: In Pennsylvania, I know you got a rate increase in late last year, but what kind of rate case cycle are you on? Is it like Aqua Pennsylvania, a two year cycle and the reason I’m asking is because of the constructive decision with the higher allotted ROE that your neighbor just got, will you be filing sometime later this year or early next?
Ellen Wolf: I would first remind you that we do have the [disk] in Pennsylvania and that [disk] allows us to spend up to 7.5% of revenue or to get an increased rate to 7.5% of revenue, and we would time our rate cases accordingly to match when we feel our expenses have gone—increased enough to go in for a rate case or we’re not recovering enough of our capital under the [disk] program. We’re really governed by our own expenses and making sure our services are appropriate rather then necessarily by what others are doing in the industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Faisel Khan: In your prepared remarks you mentioned that your production costs were up but generally aren’t those production costs captured in your rates?
Ellen Wolf: It depends on the state and they’re regulatory environment. In some states for example California purchase water increases we get to treat through a balancing account. We also get to do that in a couple of our other states. Fuel and power though as they go up, that’s part of the concept of the regulatory lag. So unless we have it covered in rates, if they go up above what we have in rates there is a lag between that and when we apply for new rates.
Faisel Khan: The production costs that you mentioned in the second quarter are those kind of ongoing higher production costs then you’d modeled in the past or are they—or is that more of a regulatory lag that’s taking place?
Ellen Wolf: That is a little bit, a combination of both. One is just regulatory lag and then second we are seeing a slight increase in purchased water because of the cost of electricity to our provider and we are seeing an increase in chemicals and I believe everyone is seeing the increase in fuel.
Donald Correll: To the extent that we have as both Ellen and I noted in multiple rate cases pending we have had and continue to have the opportunity to update some of those costs during the pending regulatory cycle so for instance, in New Jersey where we filed the early part of this year we have the opportunity to update our costs in the case to try to capture some of these higher costs prospectively. But given that we have to absorb them now, and we haven’t had a rate case decision in New Jersey for a year-and-a-half we are essentially eating those costs right now. But the fact that they are going up while the case is pending as opposed to just having settled the case recently, we do have the opportunity to try to capture them in these current filings.
Faisel Khan: In terms of the year-over-year volume decline, I understand a lot of that is related to weather, but is there any way for you to quantify how much of that could be also related to conservation?
Ellen Wolf: At this point a lot of what is related to conservation generally we find is offset by to a great extent by organic growth. So we would feel the majority of this decline is really weather related.
Faisel Khan: Is there any update on RWE’s ownership position in your company and the timing of when they might monetize that position?
Donald Correll: No, the last official statement that they’ve made that we continue to repeat is that their expectation is to be below 50% before the end of this year. So we would expect that there would be a second tranche sometime this year but there are no further details or announcements with regard to size or timing on that.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time; I will now turn the conference over to Donald Correll for closing remarks.
Donald Correll: Thank you very much for everyone’s attention. This does conclude today’s call. I want to thank all of you for joining us and if you do have any more questions, please feel free to contact the Investor Relations directly.
