===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Erik Lapinski: Hello, everyone. And thank you for joining Axon's executive team today. I hope that you've all had a chance to read our Shareholder Letter released after the market closed, which you can find at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of each non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in our Shareholder Letter as well as in the Investor Relations website. Now, turning to our quarterly update. First, we're going to show you a quick video recapping some of our recent announcements from Exxon week in April. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: All right. Thanks, Erik. I always enjoy watching those highlight reels. And welcome everyone to our first quarter 2025 earnings call. We kicked off another exciting year at Axon just a couple of weeks ago as we hosted our Annual User Conference, which is one of my favorite events of the year. As we dedicate a full week to spending time with our customers. And as you can see from that video, we got to show them the many exciting things we've been working on. I believe our work is about far more than technology or results. It's about our mission to protect life. It's about giving those who stand on the front lines of our communities the tools, the tech they need to be safer, faster, smarter, and better connected. We envision a society where violence and crime rarely occur because it is simply so unappealing and so well-deterred. I'm so proud of the products we've developed and brought to market over the past few years, because I think we are creating the power of that deterrence to create a safer society. Each quarter, we're putting TASER 10 in the hands of more people, helping them safely deescalate conflict without escalating to lethal force. We're giving them better training tools alongside while investing to improve efficacy in more and more situations. At the same time, our camera and sensor systems are becoming increasingly connected and exponentially more intelligent with the power of AI. Draft One is helping officers cut back on administrative workloads so they can focus their attention in the field where it matters. In the field, Axon Assistant ensures they're no longer alone. They have an always-available, voice-driven AI assistant delivering critical information exactly when and when where it's needed through hardware that they already have. With Fusus, they also have the support of hundreds of thousands of public and private cameras to provide them another layer of real-time visibility. And now, with Axon Vehicle Intelligence and Lightpost and Outpost, our tools are delivering actionable insights through license plate recognition and real-time alerts, available through innovative, flexible form factors. Through our newly launched integrations with Ring and Citizen, we're also helping public safety and the community work together to help keep their neighborhoods safe, building a critical bridge, all while protecting privacy and the right to choose whether or not you want to participate. As I spend my time thinking about where Axon is going, and part of that is thinking about how we grow. Our new headquarters project is a focus of mine, and I'm excited to share that we recently cleared another hurdle with the passing of Arizona Senate Bill 1543, recently signed by the governor. This gets us one step closer to moving forward and one step closer to keeping Axon in Arizona. Our efforts around this new legislation are another example of what our unstoppable team can do. I cannot be more proud. Challenging, divisive political opposition and obstacles have stood in front of our project for nearly five years, but our team found a way, and the leadership of Arizona found a way to step up and help us stay here. We don't have everything finalized yet. There are still a few other hurdles to clear, but I wanted to thank our team for everything they've done for this effort, including hundreds of employees who showed up at the Arizona State Capitol Building and personally met with and wrote letters to our elected officials to help them see just why we want to lay the foundation for decades of future growth at Axon right here where we started. We will come back to you with more details when we have them, and look forward to updating you on our continued progress. And with that, I'd like to hand over to our President, Josh, to share more about what the team accomplished in the first quarter. Over to you, Josh.
Josh Isner : Thanks a lot, Rick, and good afternoon, everybody. As I'm sure you can gather from Rick's comments, we're really proud of everything going on here at Axon. We're ramping our investments to deliver on our vision, and our team's ability to execute quarter after quarter has allowed us to do so at an incredible rate for our customers. The start of the year is a great opportunity for our sales and product teams to do just that, to plan and work through customer priorities and see where we can help. I'm proud to say our partnership has never been stronger. This was especially evident coming out of Exxon week, our User Conference in April, and continues to be evident as we look ahead. Q1 bookings are a great indicator of our momentum. Although seasonally, the most modest bookings quarter of the year were off to a fantastic start. A year ago at the end of Q1, I felt like we could have come out of the gate faster, and we talked a lot about that throughout 2024. I'm thrilled to say our sales team responded to that message, emulating the sense of urgency and mission orientation that our customers deserve. As a result, we emerged from Q1 with a far stronger outcome and an even more exciting pipeline for the remainder of 2025. We expect another record for annual bookings with a growth rate in the range of what we saw last year. I'm proud of our mentally tough sales team who embraces the fact that pressure is a privilege. More specifically, our pipeline is strong across customer segments, especially with US state, and local, who are upgrading to our OSP10 premium plans and beginning to deploy Draft One. In fact, five of our Top 10 Q1 domestic deals included OSP10 premium, and two included Draft One. Along the same lines, through the first two years, TASER 10 orders continue to pace at 2x the rate of adoption of TASER 7. This is our fastest new TASER adoption by a wide margin. And through one year, Draft One remains our fastest adopted software product, with nearly 30,000 active users across Draft One and our AI era Plan to date. More than 2x any other product we've launched one year in. Turning to our other customer verticals, international bookings are off to a strong start. We're seeing demand in Australia, Latin America, Canada, Asia, the UK, and Europe, all of which contributed to our top 10 international deals in the quarter. The team delivered a record Q1 booking results, and we have more and more conviction in the growing global pipeline. Additionally, we're seeing strong demand across our emerging verticals, including triple-digit growth in corrections and in justice. And in enterprise, we're coming off a record deal in Q4 and building a strong pipeline in several key industries. US Federal, as we mentioned in Q4, represents a strong long-term opportunity. While there's a lot of uncertainty within the federal agencies, our solutions are mission critical, and the value we deliver is clear. While Congress discusses reconciliation and a final budget for next year, we will continue to focus on converting the existing large deals in our federal pipeline. Finally, I'll conclude with a quick note about the current tariff situation, which Brittany can expand upon in more detail. A couple of years ago, our team flagged tariffs and the uncertainty in the South China Sea as reasons to diversify our supply chain and make large but low-risk investments in inventory. I'm proud of Brittany, Josh Goldman, and Eric Hertz, and our entire operations team for seeing around corners and ensuring we are ready for a climate like this. This, of course, puts us in a better position to serve our amazing customers. That's always the priority, and we're confident in our ability to do that, given the quality of our team. With that, we're on to the next play. We'll kick it over to Brittany.
Brittany Bagley : Thank you, Josh. As Josh and Rick mentioned, we're extremely proud of our results and performance as we deliver for our customers and invest in the future. First quarter revenue of $604 million increased 31% year-over-year, our 13th consecutive quarter over 25%, and we delivered a 25.7% adjusted EBITDA margin with $1.1 billion in ARR. Before I go into the details, you'll notice we updated our segments from TASER and software and sensors to connected devices and software and services. As we mentioned last quarter, we made this change to better align our segment reporting, given our increasing product diversification. Some previously disclosed margin information will no longer be included in the shareholder letter as a result, but we'll continue to give periodic updates on our earnings calls. Software and Services increased 39% year-over-year to $263 million, driven by continued strength across digital evidence management and premium add-ons, each contributing about half of our overall software growth. We continue to see growing adoption of our premium plans. Approximately 70% of our domestic user base is still on our basic plans, and our offerings continue to get better over time, convincing more customers to upgrade. Our NRR, also a measure of our existing customers coming back and buying more, remained at 123% and supported annual recurring revenue of $1.1 billion, an increase of 34% year-over-year. Connected devices revenue of $341 million grew 26% year-over-year. This was driven by growth across TASER 10 devices and cartridges, AB4s, which are now included in personal sensors, and fleet, counter drone, and VR, which are now included in platform solutions. Adjusted gross margin of 63.6% was up 40 basis points year-over-year, largely based on mixed shift to software. Adjusted operating expenses of $236 million were up 3% sequentially and down 140 basis points year-over-year. As a result, adjusted EBITDA margin came in ahead of expectations at 25.7%. Part of this leverage was driven by timing of our hiring ramp, and we do expect to continue to ramp investment through the year, especially in our R&D organization. We also expect some impact to the rest of the year from tariffs. As many of we already manufacture our TASER devices in Arizona, but we do have an impact on the supply chain. The team has done a great job ensuring we can be flexible and nimble, and we think we are well positioned to manage through the shifting environment. Based on timing, Q1 had a minimal impact. For the full year, we have offset some of the tariff impact through other cost measures, and overall, we expect a net impact to our adjusted EBITDA margin guidance of approximately 50 basis points for the full year. This is based on where tariffs stand today. We are not planning any price increases to our customers at this point. We review pricing annually and will assess the need heading into next year. Turning to guidance for 2025, we expect revenue in a range of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, or 27% annual growth at the midpoint. This is up from $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion, or 25% growth. Our comfort in raising guidance is based on the strong Q1 bookings performance, as well as the pipeline we see for the year and the future contracted bookings of $9.9 billion. On adjusted EBITDA, we continue to target margin of approximately 25% for the year, which raises our guidance to $650 million to $675 million from our previous outlook of $640 million to $670 million. Tariffs and exciting R&D investments are factored into this guidance, and we're very pleased to be able to maintain the 25% margin target. Overall, we're delivering another strong quarter in Q1, as well as a healthy outlook for the rest of 2025. This is based on our momentum across a wide range of product categories and end markets. We continue to be long-term focused on our investing in the business to deliver for our shareholders and for our customers well into the future. With that, we'll turn it over for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Brittany. Let's pull everyone up into gallery view. All right, we'll take our first question from Andrew Sherman with TD Cowen.
Andrew Sherman: Oh, great. Thanks. Good to see everyone. Great to see the strong cloud numbers. ARR growth was very strong, especially for Q1.Talk about anything that drove that strength in the quarter specifically. And on Draft One, great to hear it was two of the top 10 deals. The 30,000 seats were great to hear at Exxon week. Talk about what pipeline, any kind of pipeline update for Draft One would be great and how you're thinking about this in guidance.
Josh Isner : Sure thing. Andrew, good to see you again. And nice to see you at Exxon week a couple of weeks ago. In terms of pipeline, I think the result in Q1 was really just a better, like a result of all the work that went into last year, not only converting on existing pipeline in 2024, but making sure that we had a far more predictable Q1 and driving a lot more activity into Q1 that last year kind of got delayed until Q2 and Q3. And so the team really took it upon themselves to up our game there. And I'm really happy about the way they responded. And in doing so, we built a lot of pipeline for Q2 and beyond as well. And as you mentioned, part of that is the AI Era Plan and Draft One. In terms of expectation setting, I think the first half of this year is still about making sure that we have identified all the key opportunities in Draft One and the AI Era Plan. And we think in the back half of the year, we'll start to see a lot more of those convert. Now, that's not to say the Draft One and AI Era Plan haven't been well adopted so far, but relative to what we saw at the end of last year, I think we're in for a far stronger result this year. And really in Q3 and Q4, you should start to kind of assume that'll show up in our future contracted bookings.
Andrew Sherman: Great, thanks.
Brittany Bagley : Andrew, to give you a little color on ARR, because thank you for calling that out. It was a really nice number this quarter. It's usually about a quarter off from our bookings. So what you're really seeing come through in ARR was the strong bookings results we had in Q4. So that's driving some of the growth. And then as I mentioned, it's really coming both from new users, as well as people adding on some of the more premium subscription pieces. So it's really, it's nice, healthy growth that we're seeing driving that ARR number.
Andrew Sherman: Great. One more for you, Josh. The international commentary was great. There were a lot of countries and regions in there, and you said they had a record Q1. So great to see kind of two quarters of really strong momentum there. What is kind of the most adopted products? Or is there a trigger point? Or is it go-to-market improvements? Or what's kind of causing that continued inflection up internationally?
Josh Isner : Yes, I think it starts with just a little more focus from all of our teams at Axon. I think, historically, we've been a very U.S.-focused company. And with the hire of Cameron Brooks a year ago as our Chief Revenue Officer, there's just been far better sponsorship for our international business. And that's trickling down into our product focus, to our go-to-market focus, our services focus, and so forth. So the level of execution is really the strongest it's been in international. And on top of that, I think the product adoption is ranging from TASERS to bodycam to more and more cloud openness. And so I think our plan is always the same. We've got to win with one product and then earn the right to sell more to the customer through a great customer experience and a lot of value provided through our products and services. And that's kind of the playbook we're running internationally. And we're starting to see the fruits of that.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Joe Cardoso of JPMorgan.
Joseph Cardoso: Thanks. Thanks for the questions, guys. Maybe I just wanted to start off, and maybe this is more of a clarification for you, Josh. Based on your prepared remarks, you're sounding pretty bullish on demand, the pipeline, et cetera. However, obviously, there's just persistent concern around the macro, just given kind of the current backdrop. So maybe you can just clarify or touch on, are you seeing any signs in the conversations that you're having with customers that there's these prevailing concerns? Is that showing up in any of the deals that you guys are seeing? And then maybe if you could bifurcate that in conversations with your traditional core base of state and local law enforcement versus the other verticals that you guys are, obviously, gaining traction with.
Josh Isner : Yes, sure. I would say virtually no headwinds in terms of anything macro with U.S. state and local enterprise or international. I think there are little challenges along the way, but I think our team is prepared. We've built a great team to be able to handle challenges like we're seeing in the macroenvironment right now. So I don't necessarily have a lot of concern in those markets. And in federal, it just is one where right now it kind of is what it is. We know that until a new budget is passed and there's more clarity on where the federal civilian customers as well as the DoD will be spending money, our best strategy is just to focus on the deals that we know are right in front of us. And that's what the team's doing. And some of those deals are very large and very exciting. But there, I'd say the volume of opportunity is a little bit at a standstill just until some of the budgeting and reconciliation stuff gets worked out. But in terms of that impact on our overall bookings, it's minimal. And we're really excited about the rapid growth that we're still seeing in the U.S. and international and in enterprise.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it clear. Thanks for the color. And then maybe just a follow-up. I wanted to touch on some of the recent product introductions, maybe on the hardware side. Obviously, you disclosed the two new fixed mobile hardware products that you guys kind of put out there. And I guess the crux of my question is just really around, obviously, you had Fusus and that was giving you an entry point in kind of the fixed mobile market there. What was the main drivers in kind of owning the hardware stack there? Was it more of a customer push? Did you not see that you were getting enough traction on deals? Any way you can flesh that out in terms of what drove the entry there. And I guess the second part of that question is, like is this more of a test in the waters and then you can expand that product set there in terms of addressing other applications? Or I guess, how are you thinking about the opportunity there?
Rick Smith: Yes. Let me start with that one. So much like we started with body cameras and then we added fleet cameras to expand our ecosystem deeper. The fleet camera is already a real-time camera in-car that does ALPR and live streaming video. So this was a natural extension, where one of our advantages, we've got just an awesome imaging team and we felt we could provide really best-in-class for fixed ALPR, which has been a growing category. And especially in the context of Fusus, making sure that we had a really great overall experience. We identified this as a very interesting and fast-growing expansion opportunity for us. And when it fit very naturally with all the things we were already doing in mobile, so why not take that same technology, repackage it and have the best-in-class fixed cameras. And then you layer that on top of then also this whole works with Axon workflow, where how do we go identify all the different sources of different camera feeds and then find a way to connect them into our ecosystem. And you'll notice I started our keynote very much focused on the privacy issues. We certainly get it. What we're building is really powerful tech and we want to be really thoughtful about it, as do our partners. I mean, each of the partners we brought on stage are the market leaders in their segment. And I think bringing this together to do it the right way, again, with this idea, what we don't want to do is create a surveillance state where we're being tracked everywhere we go. What we do want to create is a state where people who need help or people that are dangerous or vehicles that are wanted for some reason can be quickly identified, primarily so we can get help where it's needed or deter criminal activity. I actually think right now the US has sort of got the balance is completely wrong. When you're incarcerating a ton of people, but your deterrence isn't high enough to stop crime, that's like the worst outcome. Like the best outcome is you deter crime by having a very high probability you're going to get caught, such that it just doesn't make sense for people to start to engage. And I think we're seeing a real swing back from post the early pandemic and George Floyd. We saw the pendulum swing very hard against public safety, and there was the decriminalization of shoplifting and retail crimes with catastrophic consequences, right? We've seen just city urban centers hollowed out as retailers had to move out of town. We've seen they've got to lock up the shampoo and the toothpaste. And that's where our partnership with Auror, I think comes in here really well as well. That like people realize you have to have fundamental stability and safety and rules that are enforced in society or the little things escalate. And I was shocked to learn as I got to know Orr that the significant majority of retail crimes associated with people who are either part of a criminal network and or involved in violent crimes as well. So they sort of the scene from Les Misérables where it's a woman trying to steal bread for her children is not, and I don't think that's what anybody's talking about. It's when gangs of people rush into a Best Buy, grab TVs and run out in a mob, like that is organized criminal activity. So we really looked at this to expand where we can do partners well and where we want to be first party so that we make sure that we've got best in class capabilities.
Josh Isner : And two just really quick things to add on that. Like you mentioned Fusus, this is all about doubling down and going even further above and beyond the momentum that has started with Fusus. You've heard both Rick and myself talk before about we're at this unique moment in time where the intersection of Realtime Crime Center, DFR and vehicle intelligence broadly because of the crucial role that vehicle intelligence plays in solving so many crimes, the intersection of all of those three and the power that new AI capabilities brings to making them be able to be more powerful and effective than ever is really at the heart of this and making sure that we bring our best foot forward on all three legs of that stool, both with what we do ourselves and with what we partner with. And then the second part on responsible AI innovation, as Rick said, that's always been a cornerstone of how we build and what we build from if you go back to the beginning when we first laid out and shipped fleet three, we were extraordinarily careful and extraordinarily clear in how our view and why we felt compelled to bring ALPR technology ourselves in the first place was to deliver better results for customers with better ethical and responsible design built in from the ground up. And we choose partners like Auror and others that embody that same approach. And you'll see that continue to play out as we go forward.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Alyssa Shreves at Barclays.
Alyssa Shreves: Hi, everyone. Just a quick few ones on Draft One and AI Era Plan. I saw the success with Draft One, but is there any kind of difference in with the AI Era Plan penetration versus the early days of OSP? I heard the call outs on Draft One, but it seems like AI Era might be a little bit different. And then I just had to follow up on that.
Josh Isner : Sure thing, Alyssa. Thanks for the question. I'd say Draft One launched a full year before the AI Era Plan. So in terms of just pipeline conversion, Draft One, we just started from a bigger foundation that we're already in the ask to councils and working through budgets. I think over the last quarter, and then, and certainly in the Q2 as well, after we converted some of those early deals, we're still seeing them come in, but some of the larger ones, like this is the time where we're getting them integrated into our quotes with our customers for the back half of the year, some of the larger police departments will be sponsoring large deployments to their communities and putting those on city council agendas in Q3 and Q4. So I think it's just a matter of Draft One had a faster head start and thus it's a little more well adopted right now, but we're starting to see more and more Draft One conversations become AI Era Plan conversations and a lot more excitement, especially after we announced all the new inclusions in the AI Era Plan after Exxon week. So I think the future is very, very bright for the AI Era Plan. And again, we'll start to see that really convert in a much bigger way to bookings in the back half of this year.
Alyssa Shreves: Okay, and then just a quick one on that. How are you guys got longer term kind of thinking about EBITDA target with this kind of growth and Draft One, AI Era, given it's kind of all SaaS, thanks.
Brittany Bagley : Yes, I mean, I think it's been really nice that software in general has been a great tailwind to our margins from a gross margin basis. And then I would say at the same time we are bringing on new hardware products as well, which are also really exciting, but those will sort of balance out. So I think you've seen over the last year or so, we've had a little bit of a tailwind from software, but we really do have mixed factors that you have to consider. We don't have a specific long-term target out there after this year, but obviously it helped in -- software helped in this quarter, and in general, we're really happy. We're continuing to blend out at that 25% even with tariffs. We'll probably think about longer-term margins as we come up at the end of this year and really think about refreshing what that long-term model looks like for everyone.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Jamie Reynolds at Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Reynolds: Great. Thanks, guys, and congrats on the strong results. Maybe just following up on that, I mean, as you've layered in some of this newer AI functionality kind of beyond Draft One. Are you seeing sort of increased hurdles from like an adoption standpoint or greater concerns from some of those prosecutor-type constituents or now that Draft One's been in the market for a year, is that conversation kind of getting easier? And then I have a follow-up.
Josh Isner : Let me start on this one. I would say, look, things like the real-time translator, like enormous interest, and I haven't really heard any critique of that. Like, it's just so powerful for an officer to be able to communicate clearly with somebody in front of them. So we are leading with the productivity enhancements and things that sort of have extremely high benefits with sort of the smallest risk footprint. And as we get into, like, look, things like vehicle intelligence, now you're starting to find vehicles, et cetera. You're going to face a little more, maybe, opposition from some of the police skeptics there, and there we just think it's important to make sure that we're really feel good that we're winning right, that we're doing this the right way. We've got our ethics framework. We spent a lot of time developing. So there will be, I think, some jurisdictions will be slower to adopt that tend to be a little more skeptical of police, and the ones that are more supportive will probably be faster to adopt. But the other thing I would say is the AI Era stuff, like a lot of those features, like the real-time translator, like it's, I don't think it's fully shipped. We're in, like, beta with customers now, so it's really just preparing to roll out. So, of course, there's also the need to get the stuff out and in the hands of customers. They typically want to get some cycles in before they've made a large purchasing commitment.
Brittany Bagley : I think the flip side to that, too, though, is, like, it also gives people more reasons to be excited about AI and to get excited about adopting AI, and so I think we just haven't seen higher enthusiasm from our customers about the whole suite of the AI products we have, and that really encourages them to push to adopt and get over those hurdles. So I actually totally agree, but also, I would call out for you, like, that the broader the product suite we have, the more the return for them that they see on using it, and so I think that just gives them a lot of momentum to go look at that whole product suite.
Rick Smith: Once again, just like Josh was talking about with the Era plan and the brightness there, the beauty of having a plan that includes everything that we do, not just right now, but over the next five years, is it gives any individual agency a palette of choices. So even if in that particular agency, one particular thing might not yet be for them, there's many different ways to stack up the points on the board within the plan for the plan to be a fantastic value for any given customer.
Jamie Reynolds: Got it. And then maybe just on the drone side, I think a couple of weeks ago, the FAA might have made some improvements to the waiver process specific maybe to DFR. So I guess, how has that changed conversations? And then what do you think we still need to see from a regulatory standpoint to see like broader based adoption?
Rick Smith: So I don't know, Jeff, do you want to talk at all about the more detailed portion? I can tell you that we're definitely seeing DFR go mainstream, and the timing is just really phenomenal. Our partners at Skydio are really just now scaling the manufacturing of their docks, and I'd say the DFR limitation is probably somewhat production constrained right now, but in the back half of the year, we really expect that to grow strongly. And Skydio has really become a pretty well-oiled machine at getting waivers, particularly if you're going to fly below 200 feet, where I think Skydio is really the only viable solution in that space because they have such solid autonomy and collision avoidance. And then if you want to come up a little higher into the 200 to 400 foot range, really then pairing it with Dedrone helps there. They're the FAA wants to see more aerospace awareness, you're more likely to need visual observers or things like high zoom cameras and radar, whereas down below 200 feet, there's just less concern about drones being involved in air traffic issues. So Jeff, I think you'd want to add.
Jeff Kunins : That's pretty good. I think that the key is really meaningful step forward with the FAA stuff. Obviously, it's not all the way done, but the changes that really expedited the path to getting these waivers was a very meaningful step forward for the industry. And then as Rick said, the key to having the best solution is to arming customers with the full palette of the ability to have what you need to do to fly low and with a lot of autonomy and a lot of capability in a diverse range of situations close to the ground and equally to have access to that fly high. And again, that's why we're investing the way that we are and think we're bringing by far the broadest and most comprehensive range of options that are moving in lockstep as the regulatory framework keeps unveiling.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Jordan Lyonnais with Bank of America.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey, thank you for taking the question. On the federal side, the FY26 skinny budget called out a $44 billion increase for DHS. How are you guys thinking about that across the verticals? Because it also said they need advanced border security technologies. They need to prep for the World Cup and the Olympics. So where are you guys most excited about that Axon can help?
Josh Isner : Yes, for sure. I think on the border bill, on the border focus, there's a lot of focus on drones and counter drone, which I think we are excited to participate in as well as real-time video, which is kind of what we do at this point. And so I think all the work we've done in the last few years with some of the federal agencies to make body cameras, evidence.com and live streaming available to them as kind of the precursor to fill in some of the existing blanks around better video in more places, better counter drone solutions, and of course, more drone solutions that are USA made and fit for purpose for the US government. And so that's where our focus will start. Of course, we're working on a number of deals across the feds of agencies and a number of use cases, but specifically for kind of new money coming into the federal government. I think those are really the focal points along the border.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would add the real-time translation is going to be hugely beneficial. I had a regional commander for border patrol a year ago come to me asking for exactly that capability because they're constantly dealing with people coming across the border and they have no idea what language they're going to run into. And today it's a very manual process. You've got a call, get an operator, that operator at a service provider then has to figure out even what the language is and how you pass somebody through. I think I may have mentioned, but I was in Norway showing an early prototype and one of the instructors from Iceland wanted to see if it could work with Icelandic and it was pretty flawless. And Icelandic is one of those languages you don't run into very often. So I'm not as close as Josh to the sort of actual pipeline with the federal government, but I can tell you the fundamental underlying demand, I think the translator is going to be a huge interest for border.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. And then is there anything else that has to get done on the federal side so things can move quicker? I don't know if Fusus was FedRAMP certified yet or if you guys are starting to see existing Dedrone contracts where agencies are jumping into those that might not have been initially thought that it would be for that, but okay, we can procure a bodycam for and Draft One now.
Rick Smith: That is a great question, particularly on Fusus. Jeff, do you want to give, I want to make sure we give an accurate, we're making progress with Fusus. I don't know what we can say publicly about where we're at.
Jeff Kunins: Yes, I think we can, the process for all the FedRAMPing stuff is you go through, we submit sort of every six months or whatever our updates to our things, the official assessors make their official recommendation that says, yes, this is ready for extension. And then it just takes another couple of months for the formal kind of paperwork approval on the backend. And with Fusus we passed that submission stage very, very recently. So we're in the shoot. So Fusus is absolutely FedRAMP ready. It has been officially recommended by the auditors and now it just needs to finish the last little bit of certification. So we're very excited about that.
Jordan Lyonnais: Yes, awesome, thank you.
Brittany Bagley : I would just, Jordan, I would just add that, like, I love that you're highlighting some of these opportunities just from a guidance standpoint, as you can imagine, we've been pretty conservative on what we've assumed for the year on federal. So some of these things would be upside and tailwind if they started to happen faster.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Will Power at Baird.
William Power: Awesome. Yes, congratulations on another great quarter. I want to start with a question on enterprise. I know you all view this as a significant TAM expander. I think last quarter you talked about a big logistics company win. I think that's how it was framed. A, I'd be curious just kind of how that's going. And then B, just any other color you can share on what the pipeline looks like there and how you get these deals converted, whether it's retail or other verticals you're targeting there.
Brittany Bagley : Yes, so we set a large logistics provider last quarter. I think everything's going nicely with that and everything's on track there. Just from a pipeline standpoint, I think getting a big customer like that is a really great signal to the market and a really great blueprint for us to go show other customers how we can roll those out and how we can get traction. So again, we're sort of rebuilding the pipeline for the year in Q1, but we continue to be really excited about enterprise as a category in a long-term market.
Rick Smith: Yes, I was invited to a keynote at RILA, which is like the retail security. I can't remember what the acronym is for, but it's basically all the retail security.
Brittany Bagley : Retail Industry Leaders Association, RILA.
Rick Smith: Thank you for the phone-a-friend help there. And I can tell you, I was talking to our head of enterprise and his feedback was, Rick, it's happening. Like this is really coming together. Now again, these deals, the bigger the agency or the bigger the company, the longer the time it is. And we've sort of baked all that into our guidance for the year, but we think enterprise is going to become a more and more meaningful contributor.
William Power: Okay, and then my second question, whether Rick, you want to take it or Josh or whoever wants to take it, just looking at this fixed ALPR opportunity, how do we maybe help us kind of size the opportunity? And I guess I'd also just be curious in early feedback you're getting. It'll take some time, obviously, to build the bookings there and the opportunity, but any help just kind of sizing the opportunity, early conversations, and then just the sales process. Can you use your existing force? Are there distinctions you're going to need to make as you deal with missile governments, et cetera, getting access? How does that work?
Josh Isner : Sure. Maybe, Rick, I'll start and then you can fill in any blanks. Ultimately, Will, this is a very, very competitive space right now, and we're excited to be a part of that competition. So I'm going to keep the kind of commentary at a very high level here. But ultimately, we were really thrilled with the customer reaction during Exxon Week. Agencies that took us 10, 15 years to win on body cameras and digital evidence management are asking us for very large deployments out of the gate of this product. I think our real, we're excited to be in this market because ultimately this capability is very complementary to the other products that we build, and we can offer it at a far more reasonable price than some of our competitors and give them the opportunity to have other options out in the market. And so for us, we're going to, in terms of your question about the sales team, we have a dedicated sales team to this product. Of course, our key account leaders that manage the relationships with our large agencies will be a big part of that as well. But we're gearing up and we expect to win in this market.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would add the other thing that was really a pleasant surprise was how well Ubicquia was received. Just doing the permitting and all the logistics behind that is a real sort of issue and challenge for our customers. And Ubicquia brings with them preset access to tens of millions, if not hundreds of millions of streetlights. I can't remember the number, it's huge. Because they already have relationships where they're putting equipment on these light poles and they have relationships with the utilities that run them that Ubicquia, they showed on stage, they could do an installation in like a minute. Now, of course, you got to get out there with a truck and all that. But the fact they don't have to go through permitting because it's all preset, the poles are already there. These are sturdy poles with power and a universal adapter plug. I think Ian told me there's like 450 million streetlights worldwide that all share that same plug-in. So we think that could also be a real accelerator.
Erik Lapinski : Up next, we have Joshua Reilly at Needham.
Joshua Reilly: All right, thanks for taking my questions. Kind of following up on Will's question there. How do you, how are you thinking about the ramping up production of the camera units for the Outposts and the Lightpost? Obviously, you've done some different things in terms of manufacturing for the TASER versus the body camera. Just wanted to get a sense, so we level set expectations that I assume it'll be supply constrained for a while. I just wanted to get a sense there.
Josh Isner : Yes, plan on no major revenue impact this year as we go through trials and then maybe some early shipments at the end of the year. But this year is about getting trials out there, getting really good at the installations, delivering a very, very high quality product, and really converting those opportunities to revenue next year. But the fact that we build cameras every day in a lot of different form factors, but a lot of the same underlying technology has accelerated our path to market here. And we're really excited to kick off trials this summer.
Joshua Reilly: Got it. That's helpful. And then what's the feedback from customers in terms of their sense of urgency of closing some of the leader pricing deals for Draft One in the AI Era Plan? I believe, correct me if I'm wrong, it was June 30th, because you mentioned that some of those deals might actually be closing in the second half now. So just wanted to get a sense of price sensitivity there.
Josh Isner : Yes, great question, Josh. We're working through that right now. So I think whenever we quote something, sometimes there's a reality that some of those deals could slip quarter after quarter. The leaders pricing is to potentially ensure that there is a sense of urgency from the customer as well. And so if anything changes there, we'll certainly let everybody know. But at this point, we're still focused on making sure we convert everything in the pipeline in Q2 here.
Erik Lapinski: Next, we have Jeremy Hamblin at Craig Hallum.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks and congrats on another really strong quarter. I want to come back to kind of your traditional cloud services business. So I think there's about 40% of revs you crossed over to having a million platform users at the end of last year. As we look into ‘25 and think about the growth that you're expecting, 27% total revenue growth. As we think about the cloud services, do you expect more of that growth to come from growing your user base versus kind of that ASP per user per month? As we're kind of looking about that, and then maybe contrasting that to what we've seen here over the last couple of years?
Rick Smith: Yes.
Brittany Bagley : Jeremy, I'd say the last couple quarters, we've called out that it's been split about 50-50 between our user growth and our premium adoption. So, I mean, not perfectly, but I would say that's really good rule of thumb to use at least as we go through the rest of this year. And then with things like AI and Draft One that will really ramp even more next year, we'll see if that mix changes at all.
Jeremy Hamblin: Got it. Okay. That was the second part or follow-up there on how it looks in ‘26 and beyond. Okay. And then I wanted to shift gears then and ask about Dedrone, right? There's a lot that's kind of going on in the space. There's a lot on a geopolitical sense and a lot of speculation about the opportunities with the current administration and how capabilities might be utilized both domestically, close relations, but then also we are seeing an uptick, unfortunately, in geopolitical activity. But just wanted to get a sense for what you were kind of sensing out there in the market now that kind of these overseas wars are not fading away, but seem to be increasing in terms of magnitude and presence.
Rick Smith: Yes, well, I would say we continue to believe that we're really excited about the acquisition because we got into one of the most important spaces in the world right now, whether it's a military, whether it's political leaders, we have interest from enterprise, executive protection. There we're seeing Dedrone systems used there to protect headquarters and to protect people's homes. I think people are rapidly realizing if you're an actor who's out to do something bad, a drone is a unique threat vector that everybody who's in the security business has got to think about and deal with. And so we're, now some of these still like when you start talking about military customers and other, some of those are longer programs and ones where we're really not at much liberty to talk about what's going on there. But there's certainly there's a ton, President Trump has talked about this, the American equivalent of the Iron Dome in terms of ballistic missile defense. And we believe there's going to be -- that'll be a multi-layered system that's going to include close quarter air support from things like first person view and consumer drones. And so we think it's going to be a really exciting business long term. Yes, so we're glad we're in it and we're really excited. AD and the team at Dedrone are pretty fantastic. They're doing great work.
Jeremy Hamblin: Just as a quick follow-up, maybe for Brittany, in terms of thinking about that segment of business, going forward, is it going to be a reportable segment? I know it may not quite be material just yet, but hopefully it will become material. And then if it's not a reportable segment, would that just fall under your software and services?
Brittany Bagley : Yes, so Dedrone has two components. It has a hardware component and a software component. The software piece you'll see show up in our software and services and the hardware component you'll see show up in our platform solutions. I think it's unlikely to get broken out separately, at least for a while. But one of the reasons we're really happy to do the break apart of our segments is you can see inside of our connected devices, that platform solution segment. And inside of there, the big drivers of that will really be fleet VR and some of the counter drone pieces. And so it gives us a little bit more visibility into some of those drivers to share with all of you.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Trevor Walsh at Citizens.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks, Erik. Thanks, team, for taking the questions. Rick, maybe for you, if I can, it was cool to hear about the Apollo cartridge plans. I know it's been maybe kind of the last piece of T-10 kind of getting through the thicker pieces of clothing. And I think you've talked about that in the past more in the international opportunity and the kind of cold weather areas. But we obviously have our fair share of cold weather environments here in the U.S., the domestic market. So can you just talk about kind of where that cartridge is at and then what type of opportunities get locked if there is domestic kind of holdouts, if you will, or if it's more, again, internationally focused and kind of as a primary weapon in those or primary service thing for that.
Rick Smith: So we're about a year out from scaled automated production. We wanted to get ahead of it. Like this is such a fundamental shift. It takes the TASER from sort of this less lethal capture device to a self-defense weapon. And as you heard probably from Espen, our friend from Norway, he's coming to conclude, intellectually, he has already concluded that if you're in close quarter combat, a T-10 plus this new Apollo Dart is a better, more effective, safer option for you to use than a gun. Now, you even have to be careful saying that. We were a little nervous about putting him on stage because that's such a high bar. It's almost a little bit of a lightning rod. Now, where this is going to make a difference in the U.S., there will be some marginal revenue from it. We'll probably have some kind of upgrade tactical package that includes that cartridge. And it is obviously looking at it's a bit more sophisticated. It's going to be a little higher price point than our traditional cartridges have been. But I think really the impact in the U.S. is going to be on the moonshot. Like our goal today, an officer, their weapon of last resort is their gun. But their weapon of first resort is also their gun. So the thing in their hand, if they don't know what's behind the door, is a gun. And we've all seen the catastrophic consequences when you go through and you have to make an immediate decision. I think over time, we're going to see the T-10 be a first choice. Now, look, if you know you're going into a gun fight they're going to go to their firearm. But we think especially around edged weapons and others, this is the piece that really gives us a shot at displacing lethal force. And our estimates are about 40% of situations where people are shot and killed in the U.S. today. So here I'd say it's probably more about the moonshot internationally but and the reason I say that is most agencies in the U.S. are already buying TASERS. So, yes, there's going to be a little bit of upgrade opportunity there. But in the U.S., it's going to drive the mission more than a pure revenue driver. Internationally, though, I think that's where TASERS are not standard issue in most countries. They're shared among specialty teams. But when we get to the point where it's like, hey, we're going to use this as our primary defensive weapon. Now you go from 3% to 10% of the agency using it to potentially 100% of patrol. And then that should begin to pull through with it much of the rest of our ecosystem. So I think from a pure financial business sense, I think T10 is going to be much more impactful in global markets and then, frankly, in enterprise and other places where whether you're somebody like Loomis who's in the business of moving cash around or casino guards or anywhere you see armed private guards, we think T10 plus the Apollo is going to begin to be much more widely deployed there because and maybe they'll still carry their gun. They might start to look more like a cop where they have two weapons. But we think all the business operators pay a ton of attention to the liability issue. And if they can avoid a shooting, it's, there's a lot of financial incentive in addition to the moral imperative. So I'd say that this is going to, its biggest impact will be opening new markets for TASER.
Trevor Walsh: Awesome. Super helpful. Maybe one just quick follow up for Brittany. Appreciate the color around tariffs and the 50 basis point impact to the adjusted EBITDA for the year. Would you call that kind of your, I guess, worst case where all the kind of adjustments and adaptability that you've built in around supply chain kind of not being exactly? Or is that just give us, I guess, a sense of like kind of where that falls in terms of your high side, low side sort of expectations around the impacts?
Brittany Bagley : Yes. I mean, I think it's our best guess at being realistic. And that's obviously like with what we know today, I like it's always hard to caveat that this has been dynamic and it doesn't assume like new retaliatory tariffs or anything like that. But just based on what we know today, what we're able to offset, I would say it's realistic. Of course, we're going to try and do more if we can do more and continue to work those supply chain muscles. But I think it's a fair bet knowing what we know right now.
Erik Lapinski: Up next, we have Keith Housum, Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Rick, is we saw Exxon week, the Axon ecosystem is growing and becoming more and more important to your agencies that you serve. Is there a point where your customers become concerned that you're too big a part of their ecosystem, that you're too important or too levered to you? And how do you address that? And is that a risk to your growth going forward? If it's next year, five years, 10 years down the road?
Rick Smith: Yes, I would actually say we started hearing that maybe five years ago, six years ago, that was coming up as a concern. I've been hearing it less recently. What we've been hearing from our customers more is like, hey, we've got all this technology that doesn't play particularly well together. Can you take on more? Like last year when we exited the CAD business doing the dispatch software, the thing we heard from a lot of our customers was like, oh, gosh, we really wanted you to take that over, too. Because when Axon does it, we know it just works and we know that we're going to get a great response if we have an issue and it's going to be supported. So I'd say it feels to me like it's less of a concern than it was a few years ago. I think we've sort of crossed this Rubicon where we're such an integral part. They're already kind of all in with us. And so kind of even including more stuff, I think, doesn't really increase their risk. Like if Axon went out of business or there was some catastrophic event, it would be majorly disruptive already. And I think what they continue to tell us is, though things just work better, the more they work with us. And that's why also this year we really wanted to lean into the partnerships. We're both signaling and living up to a commitment to our customers that say, hey, we know we can't be everything and we're going to identify best-in-class partners and bring them to you and have an open ecosystem so that you can feel more comfortable working with us. We're not going to try to box you into a walled garden and that ultimately, you'll be able to use the parts of our ecosystem you want and the parts that you don't want to use. You can use other tech solutions and we'll keep things open so you can integrate with us.
Jeff Kunins: Great. And one more thing, Keith, there is just I think some of that is informed, some of that thinking is informed in how we've got to market with our AI Era Plan where some of these software heavy offerings, I think it's better to offer customers a fixed price with certainty and continue to delight them with more and more features in there that they don't have to pay additional dollars for. So I think in a lot of the new disruptive technologies that we're entering, it's far more about de-risking the proposition for them by making sure that we're very fair and predictable on pricing and we over deliver on the expectations in terms of features and service.
Keith Housum: Okay. Got you. And just a quick follow up. Yes, obviously you guys got a great net retention rate and I'm assuming, right, you guys still have not lost a significant vendor or a significant agency to a competitor yet, correct? When it comes to the excellent body camera.
Jeff Kunins: That's correct, Keith. Yes.
Erik Lapinski: Up next we have Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon and thanks for sneaking me in. Just in terms of the TASER 10 growth, I think you've called out just some pretty phenomenal growth here. What gives you the confidence that with this rapid rate of adoption do we kind of run into the risk of hitting the wall at some point where you've seen that adoption rate as fast as bids sort of get in the way of growth in future quarters?
Josh Isner : Yes, Jonathan, it's a fair question. I personally don't see a lot of that given that there are still customers that are using the X26P and customers that are using the X2 and a lot of what TASER 10 has done is accelerated the upgrade cycle. So I think that would be much more of a concern if all customers predictably upgraded every five years, eventually we'd hit a rate problem there. But in reality, historically, TASER 10 is the first one where customers are feeling like, hey, we must upgrade as soon as we possibly can, even if it's inside of five years. So I do think there's still plenty of opportunity in the next three, four years in terms of TASER 10. And of course the name of the game there is not only filling out deployments and upgrading deployments in our state and local customer base, but extending T-10 to our international customers and a ton of white space there. And we're seeing a lot of excitement as Rick highlighted in Europe and in other geographies as well.
Erik Lapinski: We've got one left with Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs.
Michael Ng: Great. Thanks for the question. I just have two quick ones. First, just on the AI Era Plan and AI Services, are there any meaningful margin differences relative to evidence.com just because you have to pay the cost to compute? And then secondly, I just wanted to ask about the state and local budget flush outlook, which I think typically happens in 2Q and 4Q. Just wondering if you had any early expectations on what you can expect there just given what you're seeing in the pipeline. Thank you.
Josh Isner : Sure. Brittany, do you want to cover the first one though. I will cover the –
Brittany Bagley : I can take the margin one. Yes. I mean, nothing that I would sort of factor in as a meaningful driver. We talk about our software business continuing to be above 80% gross margins and the AI Era Plan would certainly fit in that. Now, the interesting thing about the AI Era Plan is like, we don't actually know every product we're going to go put into the AI Era Plan because there's still more to come. But based on what we are releasing right now and what we're seeing we're pretty happy that it falls in that range of what we would expect for our software business.
Josh Isner : And then on the state and local budget items, Michael, I don't know that we're seeing a lot different there as it relates to us. Now, other companies are seeing at times that these grants that were out there are starting to dry up. But a lot of those grants were helpful in paying for like one-time upfront purchases. Most of our activity, as we've talked about in the past, is highly related to operational expenditures as opposed to capital ones. And so for us, I think as we work through budgetary quotes, like for example, some large states, their budget ends on September 30th and starts again on October 1st. And we're working through, hey, here's a budgetary quote that you can kind of bank on for Q4. We're not seeing much difference in how we've handled those in the past years, if any at all. So certainly something that we'll continue to monitor. But at this point, we feel really good about what we're seeing in terms of availability of funds and opportunity to invest from some of our state and local customers.
Erik Lapinski: All right. We'll kick it to Rick to close us out.
Rick Smith: Sorry, I had myself muted there. Hey, everybody. Again, I hate to sound like a broken record because we keep breaking records, but it's exciting. Like Josh and Brittany and Jeff, the entire team, just the sheer breadth of the products that we've been bringing to market, the intensity of our sales and customer support teams to both get it to customers, but make sure it's working and deliver a world-class experience and just everything it takes to run this business. It is pretty mind-blowing. I don't know that I can think of another tech company that has so much breadth across so many different areas. And then coupling that with the challenges of selling into public safety and the regulatory environment around managing government data, whether it's from FedRAMP to CJIS. And I'm just delighted that we're able to continue turning in these results. And it's a privilege to work for all of our shareholders that are on today and to work with all the analysts. You guys ask great questions. You help us even take a hard look at different aspects of our own business. And together, we're doing great things. So excited to see you all again, maybe at our shareholder meeting in May. And if not, certainly at the next earnings call in August. Thanks, everybody.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Erik Lapinski: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining Axon's executive team today. I hope that you've all had a chance to read our Shareholder Letter released after the market closed, which you can find at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings. Our most up-to-date SEC filings, including our Form 10-K, will be available this week. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of each non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in our Shareholder Letter as well as in the Investor Relations website. Now, turning to our quarterly update. First, we're going to pull up a video that highlights some of the things we're proud of accomplishing over the past year. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: What an amazing company. What an amazing group of people. The people I get to work with are employees, my teammates, our customers, working on problems we care about. It's a privilege I get to work here. All right. Welcome to another one of our team members, our investors, and, we're here to report our fourth quarter 2024 and year end. We just finished what I believe will be a pivotal year in the history of our company, and we're looking forward to another exciting year in 2025. The most rewarding part of my job is getting to spend time with our customers. And as you can see in the video, we feel like we're on this mission together. Understanding the challenges they face every day is our guiding light, and we have worked tirelessly to become their trusted technology partner. There's so much we can do to make their jobs easier, their lives safer, and their days just a little bit better while helping them protect us. Over the years, we've introduced new tools that have advanced the way our customers operate and how they think about technology. We are at a place where the benefits of adopting newer technologies are so clear, it's almost too impossible to imagine what the world would be like if they were never brought forward. We launched TASER 10 about two years ago. It's just one example of a product that is not only driving growth in our business, but it's changing the world. I rarely go a day without one of our customers telling me how this device has changed their world, and we're investing to make it better. We have a lot of work ahead of us to deliver on our moonshot, and I believe we have the roadmap to get us there. I'm in an international market where I just came back from one of the most inspiring days of my career, and I can't wait to share the results that'll unfold over the next 24 months as we move forward towards our moonshot. It's bigger than just the United States and cutting gun-related deaths between police and the public in the US. It is a worldwide phenomenon that's going to happen here. Stay tuned. We're going to have better efficiency, better training, and new ways to apply our technology over the horizon. Our cameras and our sensors are helping our customers capture more moments. Our acquisition, Fusus, helps us connect more sensors and cameras than ever before. There are countless places where the benefits of better transparency and operations with the increased application of connected technology are just undeniable. Our investments and our ability to lean in and have the foresight to invest in the things that led us here that enable connectivity and software behind not just cameras, but all these sensors that are now taking flight into so many new sets of customers where we've never had the chance to engage previously. Our devices are connected by the most powerful purpose built public safety operating system in the world. We now have more than 1 million users of our software solutions spanning evidence management, real time-operations, productivity, and, yes, artificial intelligence. We understand the interconnection of advanced software and hardware, and we unlock value in solutions that leverage the seamless connectivity to solve problems we care deeply about. This is where we differentiate ourselves for most and with our customers. With this foundation, we see several major tech trends unfolding before our very eyes. Exponential advances in artificial intelligence, increasing connectivity, real-time sensor fusion, and growing applications for drones and robotics to name a few. These aren't just buzzwords to us. These are our passions and we're making them real and real businesses. These product areas were more or less elements of our imagination a few years ago and today they account for nearly half of the overall opportunities in our pipeline. We believe we will be the partner who enables our customers to leverage these tools to make them work, to make their job safer, to make them better and more efficient. I continue to spend my time thinking about the big picture while ensuring that we're on the right path to make giant leaps that challenge our conventional thinking so we can be prepared for and deliver and be the driver of the future for our customers. I've never felt more confident about our position or more just insanely excited and motivated by what we're doing and frankly by the people I get to work with every day. One final note before I pass it on. I would like to provide an update about something near and dear to me. It's been one year since we last updated you on our intent to invest in our headquarters campus. We have a vision for a campus we've put in a lot of work. I personally haven't time into that vision, and we hope to keep it based here in Arizona. We love Arizona, and we want to be here. Unfortunately, Arizona has a political and legal environment that is making it challenging for businesses like us to invest here. After several years of working with our various elected administrative officials, developing plans that were responsive to our community, and we received unanimous approvals from the planning commissions and then through a vote of our elected officials, we've had a setback. Unlike states like Florida and Texas, Arizona allows zoning decisions to be subjected to political petitions and, frankly, political gainsmanship. In our case, we faced paid petitioners who collected 93% of the signatures on a pay for signature basis with two-thirds of those people coming from outside the State of California, I'm sorry, outside the State of Arizona from another state who I may have just fraudulently mentioned. If we allow this to stand, this would delay our project by two years and reintroduce the risk of having to start over. Unfortunately, this same phenomenon caused Arizona to lose our NHL Pro Sports team and it's placing Axon and other major projects at risk. So like many things, we're digging into fix the problem. I'm working with our elected officials to try to fix this situation and enable Arizona to be an attractive, predictable environment for businesses. If we can fix it, it'll keep us here, and it'll help the state attract other businesses and really grow into the tech center I believe it can be. If we can't fix it, well, then we're going to have to move on. We have several states courting us that don't have the same risk profile. So, it's we're not going to leave this decision open forever. We will update you again as soon as we have fully vetted our options and come to a final decision. I intend to make that decision together with our board in the coming weeks. So with that, I'll pass it on to a guy again who I'm just excited to work with, who really leads the business, which gives me the time to spend a lot of time with our customers. And Josh is going to give you the details on what our incredible team accomplished in this most recent quarter. Josh?
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. I appreciate the kind words. Good afternoon, everybody. As Rick mentioned, our customers remain at the center of our universe. I believe that mindset is what has afforded us the results that we have the privilege of reporting to you today. I'd like to share a few updates that recap the year and then some thoughts about where we're headed next. First, we just closed the year with revenue in excess of $2 billion. That's nearly double the revenue we reported only two years ago, and it marks our third consecutive year of growing over 30%. This growth is a testament to our ability to deliver products that drive clear value for our customers and our team's ability to connect our customers with the right solutions. It takes an entire team to deliver results like these, and everyone at Axon continues to rally behind Rick's visionary leadership. Second, we booked over $5 billion in business last year with about half of that closing in Q4, and there was strength across the board. Eight quarters in, TASER 10 orders continue to outpace TASER 7 by 2x, and we continue to see encouraging demand from our emerging market customers. To that end, seven of our top 10 TASER 10 orders to date come from outside US state and local law enforcement, including customers in international, federal, and corrections. We also had our highest ever officer safety plan bookings in Q4, nearly booking more seats in the quarter than the prior three quarters combined. And we continue to see strong adoption of our premium plans within that mix along with adoption of our emerging products. Draft One continues to garner strong interest, and we are able to close our first ten AI Era Plan deals in Q4. We're extremely pleased with this outcome given the fact that the plan launched at IACP in late October. New product pipeline generally takes three to six months to materialize, and we view that accelerated adoption of this plan as a positive indicator of the things to come. We updated our TAM. And as Rick mentioned, we believe our investments around AI, real-time operations, and drones and robotics roughly doubles our overall opportunity set. We're seeing early signs in our product bookings to support that outlook. Third, I want to talk about two growing customer groups that I'm particularly excited about right now, International and Enterprise. Our international bookings grew nearly 50% sequentially in Q4, and that's on top of 40% sequential growth that we saw in Q3. In enterprise, our bookings roughly tripled year-over-year. I'm happy to report that in Q4, our enterprise team booked the largest deal in company history with a global logistics provider. Congrats to Mike Shore, Billy Corbett, and the dozens of Axon employees who supported this deal. This development continues to give us confidence that given the large TAM and growing product market fit, the enterprise segment represents one of Axon's largest opportunities into the future along with federal and international. As we expand and grow, these three customer groups account for over $100 billion of opportunity. Turning to what's next. We have a lot of runway ahead. We ended the year with total future contracted bookings of over $10 billion and our pipeline is the healthiest it has ever been even in comparison to this time last year. We expect another record bookings year in 2025 with line of sight into several years of exciting growth ahead. Our team is focused on executing on the many opportunities in front of us, and we are putting in the work to achieve our goals and deliver on our mission of protecting life. I know I say this a lot, but we run our team with a next play mindset. What excites me most about our results is what they signal for the years ahead. That's why I love the beginning of the year. While it affords the opportunity for others to hypothesize and speculate on varying expectations, that's the same energy that fuels us to win more often in more places and deliver bigger and bigger societal outcomes. And that's exactly what we plan to do in 2025 and beyond. Over to you, Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. As Rick and Josh mentioned, it's wonderful to come back to you with another great quarter and to report results that exceeded our expectations once again. Q4 revenue of $575 million increased 34% year-over-year for our 12th consecutive quarter of over 25% revenue growth. I'm particularly excited that we saw double-digit year-over-year growth in all of our business areas, with TASER up 37%, Sensors up 18%, and Software & Services up 41%. Our software remains a driver of our overall growth and contributed 40% of our total revenue in Q4. ARR increased to $1 billion up 37% year-over-year, and net revenue retention remains strong at 123%, reinforcing the visibility and predictability in our business. Adjusted gross margin was 63.2% and has been very stable across the year at an overall company level. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 24.6%, and we continue to invest in our business to ensure we are positioned to grow with new customers and markets while driving innovation in our technology. On a full year basis, we delivered over 33% top line growth, driven by continuing to deliver more to our customers with strong product performance across the board. We also delivered strong bookings, taking our total future bookings above $10 billion and providing support for years to come. We made significant strides in profitability, expanding adjusted EBITDA margins almost 400 basis points this year. As a result, we achieved a 25% adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year, a milestone we initially set for 2025. With this result, we reached both our three year revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin targets a full year ahead of schedule. As we exit the year, our product teams are working on new technology that will support our growth outlook for many years ahead. We are quite excited about our newer product areas and continue to invest in R&D to support our growth. We are entering the New Year in the strongest and cleanest inventory position we've been in for the last three years. We did all that with strong free cash flow generation above 60%. We continue to drive strong customer satisfaction, which is our North Star. It's humbling to think about where we are, and I thank our teams across the company for the work they put in during this incredibly busy and exciting year. Now I'll turn to our 2025 guidance. We expect 2025 revenue in a range of $2.55 billion to $2.65 billion or approximately 25% annual growth at the midpoint. This would mark our seventh consecutive year of 25% or greater annual growth. Similar to past years, we looked at the strong execution across all segments, momentum in future contracted bookings, and our pipeline entering the year to develop this guidance. We expect 2025 adjusted EBITDA in a range of $640 million to $670 million representing approximately 25% margins. We believe this margin level puts us at the right balance to invest in the future growth opportunities we see while still delivering strong profitability and cash flow. As a management team, we are focused on delivering year-after-year over the long-term. That requires continued innovation, product risk taking, and investment, and we're lucky to have Rick who is such a visionary in this space. I hope you can tell we're excited about the opportunities in front of us. It is this type of product innovation that has allowed us to deliver our consistent impressive top line growth numbers. Beyond R&D, we're also investing in our sales functions to support new customers and market opportunities as well as continuing to scale the business. For some context, we are now at four years of hitting 50, well above the Rule of 40. We're pleased our guidance implies another year of hitting that type of number. We also expect CapEx in the range of $140 million to $180 million, up year-over-year on a dollar basis, but only up two points as a percent of revenue. This is driven both by more TASER 10 capacity to keep up with our continued strong demand as well as investment in both R&D and manufacturing for our many exciting new product areas. We're proud of all we accomplished in 2024 and are looking forward to another dynamic and innovative 2025 that delivers for our customers and our shareholders. Now we will turn it over to take your question.
A - Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Brittany. Let's pull everyone into gallery view. All right. We're going to take our first question from Jeremy Hamblin at Craig Hallum.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks, and congrats on the very strong results and guidance. I wanted to start with, I figured, a topical question and just get a sense for what portion of your total revenues are coming from federal contracts, with the US government, whether or not, some of the things that are happening in terms of hiring freezes, you expect to have any potential change in the timeline of deployments or anything you might be able to share on that to provide us a little bit, better sense. We've certainly got a lot of questions around the potential risk around this area.
Josh Isner: Yes. I really appreciate it, Jeremy. Thanks. A couple thoughts on this one. Number one, I certainly don't think, in terms of Axon's case in our future, there's any real cause for concern about what's happening, with the funding cuts and DOGE and so forth. Actually, I think there's a world where we could come out of this with more opportunity as they start to look at, hey, where are, federal law enforcement getting their bang for their buck in technology. And I think they point back to Axon. And I think we'll have the opportunity to continue to support, the federal government, across both federal civilian and DOD, hopefully, in bigger ways in DOD moving forward. And we're excited to compete for more business there. So, I personally think there's more opportunity than risk right now for us in the federal space.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. And then potentially related questions. So other topical news is looks like we may be coming towards an end hopefully in the war in Ukraine. I know that Dedrone has certainly been impactful, in terms of operational support, in those efforts. I also know that the recent kind of government, changes in terms of funding outlined that drones would not be impacted by any hiring. I wanted to understand, the potential mix of change related to if we get an end to kind of Ukraine war in the next month or two, and then vis-a-vis what you expect from a border patrol support and opportunities that, that are coming from or were there for Dedrone related to those efforts.
Rick Smith: Got it. Let me maybe take this one. So, yes, I mean, Dedrone has sold a lot of stuff in Ukraine, but the far bigger picture is what happened in Ukraine has put drones on everybody's road map. Every military in the world is thinking about how do you detect these small drones that traditional military systems are not designed to detect, how do you defend against them. We acquired the world leader in drone detection. We acquired the at least one of the world leaders in indoor tactical drones with Skydio. We've partnered with the leading US maker of long range autonomous AI driven drones, in the moment where, basically DJI is largely being made illegal in the United States. So we think we are in an amazing position for drones and robotics. It's an area we're investing heavily. We're currently either the leader or partnered with the leader in the key market segments. And when you think about things like patrolling borders, protecting stadiums, and, I mean, Ukraine has shown what anybody could do with a drone you can buy for less than $500 and everybody in the world is thinking about how to defend against those, and we think we are, if not the best positioned, among the best positioned, for helping our customers globally solve that problem. So from a human perspective, I certainly hope that all the violence we're seeing in the world, comes to an end, but in a way that is persistent and sort of long-term puts these issues to rest. And we look forward to playing a role in helping use technology to protect people from killer drones. We're not going to get into the lethal drone business ourselves, but we're going to absolutely be a leader in helping defend against those kinds of threats and then using drones to be able to go out, act more intelligently, save lives, and stop threats without using lethal force. And we think those opportunities have all gotten bigger, just given the quick evolution of the space that's been caused by what's been happening in the Middle East and in Ukraine.
Josh Isner: And, Rick, I might just add one more thing there, which is just, to the first part of your question, Jeremy, just to address any ambiguity. None of our forward-looking guidance assumes any incremental revenue from Ukraine.
Jeremy Hamblin: Understood. Thanks so much for the color, and, best wishes on continued success.
Josh Isner: Thanks.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jeremy. Up next, we have Meta Marshall at Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks and congrats on the quarter. Maybe to start with, great traction on kind of noting the 100,000 incident reports kind of already completed kind of with the AI tools. Just what are you seeing in terms of kind of AI adoption either into what type of bundles they're opting for or just kind of pipeline there. And then maybe as a second question, noted kind of the large enterprise win, just what was kind of, the entry point there? Was it Fusus? Was it kind of body cameras? Just any contact there would be helpful. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Let me take the first part, and I'll have, Josh talk about the second part. So in terms of AI like, without a doubt, these are the fastest growing adoption products we've ever had, and it's not by a small margin. So we're seeing these products these services really resonate with our customers, and they're, it's unbelievable the AI Era Plan that we are closing deals within eight or nine weeks of launch. That's like, I don't think, we've ever seen things move that fast. Maybe a little bit with like with a TASER, but that's where like somebody had an existing TASER line item. We introduced a new TASER and they like went from TASER 7 to TASER 10. So, yes, that has happened, but a new product category going from zero to deals in that shorter time frame is super encouraging.
Josh Isner: Awesome. And on the second part of that question on enterprise, I think the really exciting news is, there are multiple entry points into some of these large opportunities. I think Fusus is certainly relevant. Body cameras are certainly relevant. Dedrone is relevant. Drones are relevant. Obviously, Evidence.com. I think there's, we're starting to see, like I said, just better and better product market fit to address this group of customers. And really the most encouraging thing of that is it's still along the lines of our mission and use cases that we really want to support and that they lead to better, safer outcomes, in these enterprise environments. And so it really is exciting. I believe this is, going to be a major, major part of our business, maybe even the biggest part of our business long-term and I think we're on the right track there for sure.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Meta. Up next, we have Josh Reilly at Needham.
Joshua Reilly: All right. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to hit on the news with the Flock Safety partnership. Maybe what happens in terms of the technology licensing for Fleet 3 ALPR technology now that the partnership is maybe ended? And then how are you thinking about more broadly your relationship with the company moving forward and your strategy around fixed LPR?
Josh Isner: Yes. Thanks a lot, Josh. Look, a lot's been made of this obviously in the last week, and frankly, I think it's somewhat overblown. We did exit a partnership with Flock. However, I think both sides have an interest in getting back to that partnership. We propose new terms. I think what we're asking for is just a more fair flow of information into Fusus just like we support into FlockOS and to Flock's Credit. They've been receptive to our feedback there, and we hope to be able to resume it. And so I'm not going to speculate on what happens if that doesn't come into fruition. And of course, we'd have to look at how we support those customer use cases. But right now, our focus is just on making sure that we can arrive at a new partnership that really, in the end, benefits our customer and the use of their own data.
Joshua Reilly: Understood. And then maybe just back on the federal business. Have you heard any feedback thus far from customers with regards to their ability to expand and take down more body cameras or TASERs under the existing contract structures, which, to my understanding, we're often open ended with their ability to add more products since the election has happened?
Josh Isner: Yes. Thanks for the question. So on some of these customers in federal, as you probably saw in the news, one of the first executive orders addressed body cameras for federal law enforcement. And, yet, our customers are still wearing our body cameras. They're seeing a lot of great outcomes as a result of wearing them. And we do believe these programs will continue to expand into federal. So again, I don't think the world has changed much, if at all, for us in the federal space. I think that's the benefit and reward for having products that drive true outcomes in the field, and I think our customers see that and we get a lot of support from them on this. So we're proud of the partnership and certainly think it's going to be a bright future there.
Rick Smith: Hey, Josh, let me add in as well. When we first introduced body cameras in law enforcement, most cops didn't want to carry it, but didn't want to wear them. And there was one of the statewide union leaders sort of famously told me, no cop wants to wear a body camera until they've worn one for 30 days, and then they'll refuse to go on patrol without it because they realize in today's world, it protects them from all the crazy allegations somebody could make. And that's also true of our federal customers. I meet with them all the time. And so like early on, I think it was kind of helpful to get a political push from the top to get these agencies to try it. But once they start using it, we see the same phenomenon. Like if you're -- whatever federal agency you work for, you just realized like your job places you not only at physical risk, but at risk of being accused of just about anything. And having a video that shows, you're a professional doing the job the right way is something that gives them great comfort to go do their jobs with confidence that they're not going to get hung out to drive by somebody making something up about what they did.
Joshua Reilly: Understood. Thank you, guys.
Rick Smith: And by the way, the other thing I'll add is these new tools like Draft One, customers absolutely love it. I mean cops are over the moon about this, the idea that, God, I don't have to spend four hours a shift doing reports. I'm like cutting that in half. And I was just demonstrating our new real-time translator. I'm outside of the US right now. Like we did a demo in Icelandic yesterday. And the guy said, we think there's no way it was going to work and his jaw hit the floor before we did Arabic, Norwegian and a couple of other not exactly in the set of like the most heavily used languages in the world. We think the real-time translator is going to be another real hit. So the body camera is evolving and our customers are seeing it. It's not just a recording that can help me. It's now the edge of the AI Internet on my chest. I've got a real-time AI assistant that will help me translate, that will help me write my reports, that will help me look up things I need to know, help me ask policy questions. I don't have to call a lawyer at 2 A.M. in the morning about how to deal with some obscure legal situation. I can just immediately cross reference my reports and all those capabilities are included in the new Era Plan, which is why we saw it go from zero to revenue so quickly.
Jeff Kunins: And I think one of the things you continually hear in the industry right now is a lot of theory and not a lot of practice and application with the power of these new AI tools and what we are all about is the applied practice directly in service a real problems for our real customers, and that's what they love about what we're building.
Joshua Reilly: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, everyone. Up next, we have Mike Ng.
Michael Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I just have two, one on bookings and one on cloud. First, just on bookings, it's a two-parter. You guys had bookings of over $5 billion this year. I think this is at least the third year of bookings growing $1 billion year-on-year. So when you look at your pipeline going into 2025 in your base case or in your bull case like are you assuming bookings grow $1 billion again to $6 billion? Any thoughts, qualitative or quantitative would be helpful.
Josh Isner: Sure thing. Like I said, Mike, in my prepared remarks, the pipeline is extremely healthy right now, even healthier as relative to where it was at this time last year. And look our goal is that our bookings growth rate looks similar to our revenue growth rate and that just at the back of the napkin, it kind of pencils out to, hey, we can just keep this high growth rate going well into the future. So it's not necessarily about growing $1 billion every year or less or more it's more about, hey, can we have our bookings growth rate somewhat mirror our revenue growth rate and if we do that every year, the business will be very, very healthy for a long time.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you. And then just on cloud, Axon Evidence and Cloud Services revenue within Software & Sensors, that saw a solid step up Q-on-Q. I think it was up $35 million sequentially, I think the largest on record. Could you talk a little bit about some of the key things that drove that strength? Was there anything unusual that made that sequential growth, particularly good this quarter or are you thinking that, hey, the structural run rate of sequential increases may have stepped up? Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Hey, I'll take that one. I think it's very much what we talk about from a seasonality standpoint as we go through the year, which is that our step-up from a software standpoint, often lags how we're doing on bookings by a quarter. Now, it's not always perfect, right, because there's timing inside of the quarter. But as you think about it, our strongest bookings quarters tend to be Q3 and Q4 and then Q1 is our seasonally softest and it does, it goes through the year that way. And so if this step is lagging by a quarter, what you see typically is Q4 and Q1 have the bigger step-up from a software standpoint. I think you're just seeing the strength in the software business come through. We're seeing more user adoption and we're seeing more products, more software products get sold into those users. Dedrone is not material to our business, but they do have some software revenue. And so you are seeing a small bit of Dedrone come into the software step for the first time this quarter.
Michael Ng: Great. Thank you, Brittany. Thank you, Josh.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Mike. Up next, we have Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Hi. Good afternoon and let me echo my congratulations as well on the strong quarter. With your international bookings, can you talk a little bit about the strength here? And maybe what's changed in the decision to expand sort of the TAM?
Brittany Bagley: Yes. So I think a lot -- Josh may cover the strength on international, but I think a lot of what you're seeing in the TAM is we refreshed the TAM every two years. We did a little bit of an interim update when we did our Fusus and our Dedrone acquisitions, but that was really an interim process. And so as we came back to look at our TAM this year, we really looked out over the next two years. And what's changed a lot from two years ago is really the number of products we have. And so that applies to international as well. As you look at the international market, we now have a lot more products that we can go ahead and sell into the international market like Fusus, like Dedrone, like AI. And so you're seeing that strength come through. We're also continuing to see some nice traction outside of some of our Commonwealth markets and so that gives us increasing confidence in that higher international TAM.
Josh Isner: Yes. And I'd just add, Jonathan, on the international bookings piece. I think it's just a story about execution. I think we have plenty of product market fit to be very successful internationally. I think the team has been somewhat of a transformative year for our international business in terms of the team, bringing on Cameron Brooks as our CRO out in Europe, and he's made a couple of key hires in Europe and our Latin America and Canada function is going very, very well under Vishal Dhir. And we just we've got more of the team in place that's just executing on a higher level. And so we're pretty bullish on international moving into the future here, as Brittany was saying. I think now as we're landing in more places, there's going to be the opportunity to expand with more and more products.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent. And just as a follow-up a big picture question for Rick. We've clearly seen a strong value proposition here from generative AI tools. How do you imagine what you can do with Agentic AI, which seems to be sort of all the rage on the tech side and potentially is even more impactful than Generative AI? Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yes. I mean I think it just sort of builds for us, it's all about like where do the workflows matter that will enable our customers to do the things they need to do in their jobs. So I think a lot of it right now is like, okay, take this transcript, run it through, and create a report for me or like, hey, take this and translate it. I think Agentic AI allows you to start to do things like, hey, go search across this giant data set and help me solve like some problem that currently have teams of people working on. And we think we're in a unique position given our customer trust, given that we're housing so much of their data for them and managing their sensors that we'll kind of keep going down the list of their problems. And then for us, there's also a risk-reward trade-off. Like we intentionally started with report writing, rather than, for example, facial recognition, where there's various privacy and related concerns where report writing, like, hey, we can ensure there's human oversight. If the AI gets it wrong like it's actually not a catastrophic failure. You've always got the underlying evidence. We can put in speed bumps to make the officer to do it. I mean we are starting to look at more uses of AI that will help with some more core law enforcement functions. We're going to do it in a way that we will always be proud of that respects and balances, privacy, and we want to build the world of Gene Roddenberry, not George Orwell. And these Agentic workflows will just allow us to start handling higher levels of complexity. But for us, it starts with, I go out, I meet with customers, I hear what their problems are and then I get to come back to the company looking like a genius all these great ideas like a bee carrying pollen back to the hive. And then Jeff's got to make sense of it all, segment it, work with our thousand plus engineers and product people to take these great customer ideas and put them together. And then Josh and Brittany are going to like then staff and execute the business to run it and I get to go out on the road again. So the team worked well together. And I just, I love my job getting to go just sort of imagine talk to customers about their problems and try to match it on, okay, what tech is going to work in it. To be honest, Jeff, really holds me accountable. A lot of our conversations Jeff uses the word actually a lot. I'm about like, okay, Rick, like this is great stuff. What can actually work right now in a way that customers will actually use it. It won't disappoint them and it's not going to be bugging. And so Agentic work goes, we're going to approach it kind of the same way, okay, where are we at? And what will work well for our customers, and it's -- a lot of it's just getting the sequencing down.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jonathan. Up next, we have Andrew Sherman, Andrew, welcome to the call.
Andrew Sherman: Great. Thanks, Eric. Good to be on the call. Congrats on the quarter. Brittany, one for you on the revenue growth guide of 25%, very strong. Maybe just walk us through your assumptions embedded there for NRR. Any color on the AI Era contribution, the sustainability of the strong 123% NRR. And any change to your guidance philosophy versus the past couple of years.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, thank you. So as I talked about, no actual change in our guidance philosophy, what we do is we've got our future contracted bookings. We know approximately how much of that will convert in the next year. So we know how much of a go-get we have. And then we can look at our pipeline and see how out pipeline stacks up and how we feel about that go-get. So that's pretty much how we do it, and that's how we continue to do it this year. In terms of assumptions going forward I mean and we have really low churn, our NRR has really only continued to be very stable to positive. So no major changes in assumption going forward.
Andrew Sherman: Great. Thanks. And also for Brittany and Josh maybe just touch on where the supply demand imbalance for TASER 10, great to see that it's still tracking at 2x T7. But where do we stand today is supply demand imbalance. I think, Brittany, your CapEx comments would imply more supply coming on. So what does that signal for growth this year?
Brittany Bagley: You got it. We are still outpacing our supply with our demand, so still in a great place, we are investing next year to try and bring more supply online. So we'll see where demand goes. I think we imagine that sometime next year, we've got that supply demand imbalance. But what you're really seeing right now is we are basically selling as much T10 as we can make, and so we've got to keep investing behind our capacity.
Josh Isner: Great. Andrew, thanks a lot, we're particularly excited about T10 just because of what it means for our mission and moonshot as well. The more customers deploying it. We are seeing videos of better and better outcomes in the field. And I think that's kind of continuing through a network effect across the entire market. And so we're very exciting excited about what the future holds for TASER 10 and I don't think there's any slowdown inside here. It's our highest demand CEW ever, and I think that will continue.
Rick Smith: Yes, I just met with some new European customers who have not had T10 for very long, and two of them told me they've already averted at least one shooting, saved at least a life in the early, few months of them deploying in the field. And these are countries, obviously, that don't have the frequency of shootings that we do in the US. So it was pretty significant to hear that from them.
Jeff Kunins: All of our products work so well together. And as an ecosystem, there are payers here and there that are doubly so peanut butter and chocolate and drive each other forward. And so with T10 the story with VR is such a great one because T10 is not only so transformational in its capability, but it is new and different in a way that really motivates the sale and adoption of our VR training that goes along with it. And it's the catalyst for getting the best possible outcomes with T10 and A similar story for like DFR and robotics with Fusus and RTCC. So you see all these pairings that goes so well together combined with the leverage of them adopting more and more of our whole ecosystem.
Andrew Sherman: Great. Thank you all.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Andrew. Up next we have Will Power at Baird.
William Power: Great. Thanks. I guess I got a couple. Well, I guess first, Rick, I'm sure the Lone Star State would love to have you. Maybe first question for Josh or Rick whoever want to take it. Look, it sounds like really strong early success with the AI Era Plan. I think you noted 10 deals in Q4. I just want to understand the confidence and stability there as you move forward because it's a big lift in OSP pricing, right? I mean, going from 350 at the high end of 550. What's the conviction confidence, visibility and agencies have enough budget to be able to adopt this at a rapid pace from here.
Josh Isner: Yes. It's interesting. Well, it's a great question, and it's nice to see you again. What I would say about the AI Era Plan and about our AI products in general is they are driving such an ROI that can be measured in staffing and officer time that our customers are saving money as a result of deploying this for $200 a person like you could just do the math on Draft One alone. And essentially what it is allowing you to do, if you're a police chief, is have 20% more capacity day-to-day of your police officers. And this is an environment where police departments are still very understaffed. They've got dozens, in a lot of cases, hundreds of open roles that are unfilled. And so when they can allocate some of those dollars over to these tools that might mitigate the need to have more officers at the department to begin with, that's highly valued. And so we're very, very encouraged and it's mostly because we know what type of financial outcomes some of these AI products are driving for our customers.
Rick Smith: Yes. Let me jump in on that. I met with, a large customer in a relatively new segment for us, so it's not state local law enforcement. Big agency, and meeting I spent a day with the customer going through their operations, learning how things work. It was a lot of fun for me. And there is a new AI service we could do that would literally offload more than half of what their entire staff spends their time doing, that they hate doing, that's administrative in nature. It's got a lot of the similar characteristics to Draft One to where, its customers like, oh my god. This would be game changing for my budget. It would free up my people to do, like, more training, and I wouldn't need as many people so I could grow a little slower. And my morale would go up dramatically. And so that's when I came back to Jeff, and we're like, okay. Let's put a team on how to figure out how to do this. And with the new AI tools, like, it's going to be very doable. And so, again, that's just another example where AI is allowing us to rapidly, bring the promise of, like, AI tech doing sort of repetitive jobs. And because our customers one of the things that's sort of great is it's not like they're firing people or this is taking people's jobs. It's taking the crappy, low value, time consuming, bureaucratic suck of their job away. And that's like a win-win, and they're just excited. But, yes, I get to go do stuff I enjoy doing that gets me excited to go to work. And then for the chief, it's like, yes, I'm getting more out of my people. So, it's paying for itself.
William Power: That was great to hear. It sounds like Jeff's got job security as he works on those projects. And maybe just a quick second one, probably for Josh. Just the enterprise deal, you hear the largest deal. I think in history, maybe I missed this, but any other color as to exactly what they're utilizing? Are they utilizing body-worn cameras? Is it Fusus, is it both? Is it, I don't know, even Dedrone for facilities? What's kind of getting used there?
Josh Isner: Yes. I think in this particular deal, Will, it's body cameras and Fusus with, of course, Evidence.com licensing as well. But the same customer has a lot of interest in Dedrone and other products as well. So I think what you're going to see throughout this year in the enterprise segment is we'll be landing in a lot of cases with Fusus and body-worn cameras. But just like I was saying about international, I think the same holds true, where a bigger and bigger part of our product portfolio will be applicable to the enterprise segment and we're very excited about that.
William Power: Okay. Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Will. Up next we have Trevor Walsh at JMP.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks, team, for taking the questions. Josh, maybe for you, but Rick, feel free to jump in. I want to ask the federal question maybe a different way. So I understand it's more opportunity versus risk on the federal opportunity itself, but one of your peers kind of in the state and local technology centered kind of sales motion, gave some statistics on their call a few weeks back about kind of how federal funding flows down in the state and/or local budgets. Just curious, it sounds like from that kind of just general commentary that state budgets can be a little bit more impacted or kind of do draw a lot more from federal funds. So just curious if you're hearing concerns or for that state level, state police, whatever it might be types of orgs having maybe worries or concerns around kind of what the federal fund kind of flow will be for them, less so, obviously, like county and local level, if that makes sense.
Josh Isner: Yes. Thanks a lot. Personally, I'm not sure I agree with that commentary. It is true that some grants in other programs have dried up. A lot of those were not particularly impactful to Axon, maybe to some other companies. But I still think there's a universe where police and federal military are better funded by the federal government, state and local police and federal military are better funded by the federal government in this next year than I think people are assuming. And so personally, I don't necessarily see any headwinds in that way that would have any material impact on our business.
Rick Smith: And if you hear the types of projects that are getting paraded in front of the cameras is, like, examples of waste. None of them are, like, critical public safety equipment and technology. It's stuff that people are like, oh, wow. That's weird they're spending my money on that. And like, we just don't think we're, like, our products make a ton of sense for customers that bipartisan are pretty universally both Republicans and Democrats in the last election cycle, I think, were going out of their way to make sure that they knew that they were pro public safety, pro law enforcement. So we're again, I don't want to be arrogant about it and say we're bulletproof, but I would say, we think net, we haven't seen the political winds really affect us that much as long as we're delivering things that actually help our customers do their job. Then whether it's in a blue city, a red city, a Trump administration, a Biden administration, like, the product carries the day.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks both for the color. Maybe just one quick follow-up for Brittany. I appreciate the new future contracted bookings metric, always love adding a new metric to keep tabs on. It sounds like it's RPO basically plus additional contracts that have T for C or other clauses that kind of obviously don't put them into RPO. Is that kind of new metric a function of that more of those termination clauses are doing more contracts that have more of those types of things and so it kind of helps to give more visibility there. I guess where are those contracts falling? Are those federal customers just generally have that written in or are there other places where you're seeing that kind of more and more generally from a contract perspective? Thanks.
Brittany Bagley: Yes. I mean, you nailed it. That's exactly what it is. And so we're going to move to talking about our new total future bookings number because it's really more indicative of what the business is doing and bookings commentary and color we give. We have been going through and we changed accountants this year. So we've really been scrubbing RPO. And there's just a lot ASC 606 doesn't allow us to put in from a GAAP standpoint. So you will still find our GAAP RPO number in the like 10-K, we have to report that, you'll see that. But just more and more, it's diverging from how we actually measure our business. And we don't go back and look at our historical contracts like even when we have term for convenience, our customers don't actually leave us like they don't utilize that. We really don't have churn. So it's just not indicative. In terms of where we're seeing it, honestly, it's across the board, like more and more customers just want term for convenience as a best practice. And so we're seeing it in a lot of places. And so we're just going to move to the sort of non-GAAP version of the metric, which we think is a better reflection.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks all. Great finish of the year.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Trevor. Up next we have Jordan Lyonnais of Bank of America.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey. Thanks for taking the question. Could you guys talk about how you're approaching your go-to-market with Skydio and SkySwap program and how that's been going so far?
Josh Isner: Yes. And certainly, I'll start, but I think others should chime in on this one. Look, we're really excited to have Skydio as a partner. We think they're the most talented team in drone technology. They're a phenomenal cultural fit with us in terms of our go-to-market motions. The product is fantastic. Like Rick was saying, DJI has fallen out of favor in US public safety and Skydio is the obvious choice behind them. And so we're really excited to be able to kind of augment our ecosystem with Skydio hardware. And really give our customers more situational awareness and more opportunities for really integrated DFR drone as a first responder experience. So I think that's something that we're very, very excited about and very encouraged about what the results have been so far in that partnership.
Rick Smith: Yes. Let me jump in and actually say, it's not even I wouldn't even say Skydio is behind DJI. DJI, like, got to market first with scale, but Skydio is actually the world leader in autonomy. Like many things, the Chinese companies had really inexpensive hardware, and they did a great job with the user experience. Skydio has a big team in Silicon Valley who's been very much focused on leveraging AI and sensors so that the drones can launch and fly themselves autonomously. Now, look, we bought a drone company, two years ago-ish with Sky-Hero. That was for a different use case. That's for indoor, like, tactical drones. And as we did an assessment on the make, build, buy, what Skydio is doing is just a different level of complexity. Like, if a tactical drone falls out of the sky, it falls to the floor from six feet, it doesn't fall on somebody, it doesn't have to fly itself. You build it to be more resilient, to bump into things, and you don't need in fact, all the autonomy can get confused in an indoor environment. And there's other applications for the long term that we felt Sky-Hero would be transformative for us to own and work on. With Skydio, this was just, our assessment was, wow. It took a team of, like, 600 people working for the better part of a decade with pretty massive investments to do this and they've got a huge head start. And as we got to know each other, it was one of those, like, Jeff would say chocolate and peanut butter moments. It was really a great fit. I've developed a great personal relationship with the team and Adam up there, and it really fits nicely, like, like a lock and a key with each other's portfolios. And so we're going to market, hard to think, with the partnership, and, we're getting tremendous customer feedback. In fact, it actually costs you a lot less to deploy an American Skydio drone than a DJI drone for this reason. With DJI, you put it in the trunk of the car, and then you've basically generally turned your police officer into an Uber driver for drones. He drives to the scene, then he stands on scene flying the drone, which, basically costs you $200 per year to get that drone driven around the city. Over the Skydio dock, yes, the hardware's a bit more, and the software, but for $50,000, you can have that drone autonomously that does not consume an officer. It can be autonomously flown. It flies to a site without any need for, like, human oversight, and you pair that with our Dedrone sensors. Now that is an amazing pairing. You can now see the airspace to see where everything is. You can the drone can fly autonomously cross connecting those two systems together, and then whoever needs to see the feed just magically sees a camera in the sky where they want it, looking at what they want to see with zero human oversight. So it's actually about a quarter the price, when you consider the human labor elements. And we think this is both an interesting political moment in that, the US Government policy and the rift with China is accelerating that transition, but it's just, matching this wonderful moment in time where AI is now making the autonomous flight possible. Skydio is in the process of releasing from beta to production their dock that unlocks this, like, complete autonomy. So it's just a really exciting part of the business, and we always look to look for and just make the best decisions where we should make, what we should build ourselves, where we should partner. In this case, it was a -- we found a great partner and, we're confident that -- it's got the right relationship fit and long-term dynamics.
Jordan Lyonnais: And for your customers, if you're DEA or Border Patrol, can they just go through you to buy the Skydio drone and you guys will put on your kit. So it's all connected or do you need both of you?
Josh Isner: We could do those deals on what we call Axon paper or on Skydio paper.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Thank you.
Jeff Kunins: And more and more and more as customers get excited about this space for all the reasons Rick just went through, again, they think of the evolution of the real-time crime center space and that opportunity as hand in glove with DFR and drones as a first responder. And so the combination of Fusus with Skydio with the rest of the Axon suite is just hands down unmatched in terms of bringing the capability that customers want and need in giving them the situational awareness and autonomous response that they're looking for.
Rick Smith: Yes. One example as well like an officer with their body camera, in the near future, they'll be able to say, hey, I need a drone. And we deploy the drone to the body camera, and as it flies in, Skydio has done a great job integrating. You'll see a blue augmented reality pillar growing to the sky that tells you right where your officer is, so there's no searching around to find them. It's a seamless mesh of our body cameras, our Fusus, and Skydio's autonomy and their flight software. But to the customer, it doesn't matter. It's one experience. Like, oh, that officer needs a drone. There it is. And there's my officer, and I can see him, and I can pass that video feed to whoever I need to pass it to.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Thank you all.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jordan. Up next we have Joe Cardoso at JPMorgan.
Joseph Cardoso: Hey. Good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for the question. Maybe just wanted to follow up on the drone question, but from a different point of view and maybe a bigger picture point of view like how are you guys thinking about timing of that opportunity, materializing in a more material way for Axon relative to a year or two ago. Because it sounds like anecdotally, it's ramping much faster than maybe the conversations we were having last year. And just kind of curious like when we're thinking about the size of this potential business for Axon a year out, two years out, like can we think about this as being material volumes or is that just getting a little bit ahead of our skis as you guys are doing more kind of pilots and programs with some of your end customers or are we actually starting to see some more bigger moves here from your end customers in terms of adoption?
Rick Smith: They typically prevent me from throwing numbers out because I get too enthusiastic, but I would say qualitatively we're at a tipping point.
Joseph Cardoso: Okay. So you're starting to see more of a, sorry, go ahead, Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: I was just going to say we've got the TAM at about $20 billion for this and we are in such early innings. So we took that up because I think we see the opportunity much more clearly in front of us. Now like just from a logistics and a timing thing, right? We do long-term bookings, they go into bookings. That's what's giving us excitement about momentum. It takes a little bit of time to seeing that all flow through the P&L.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. And then maybe a quick question for Brittany. Like obviously you talked about it hit the 25% EBITDA target a year ahead of plan, still guiding for '25 -- for 2025. I appreciate that you talked about the investments in your prepared remarks. Maybe just flesh out a bit more in terms of where those investments are exactly getting like is there any particular areas that you guys are kind of putting those dollars to spend in different parts of the portfolio or engineers et cetera. Just curious where those dollars are kind of being spent. And then anything that we should be interpreting in terms of implications around gross margin expansion for the year from those comments or is it really just largely taking those dollars investing it into CapEx.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, I'd say it's largely taking those dollars and investing them back into R&D, and it's all the areas we've talked about, right? It's drones, it's robotics, it's Fusus, it's all of these new markets that we're so excited about.
Joseph Cardoso: Okay. Got it.
Josh Isner: And I'd also add, Brittany just it's also our enterprise go-to-market function as well. That's a big investment for us this year as we're seeing these early results. Now it's about, hey, how do we really cover the market well from a sales and sales support and customer success perspective. So that's a large investment center this year for us and one that you have high conviction will pay off nicely in the year to come.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. Appreciate the color guys and congrats on the results.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Joe. And finally we'll go to Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon here. Thanks. I appreciate it, guys. In terms of the enterprise opportunity, obviously, it sounds like we're having a lot of traction here. Brittany, maybe can you talk about the pricing there? I know it's still nascent, but in the public safety space, you guys have that nice metric that you guys provided investors over the past several years. How do you think about pricing for the enterprise market? Is it in a similar vein or is there different pricing schemes that you're going through?
Brittany Bagley: I mean I wouldn't say it's in a similar vein. I wouldn't think about it as being materially different. Obviously, there are some nuances to the enterprise market, of course, but they're still buying DEMS licenses, they're thinking about Fusus, they're thinking about body cameras. So there's certainly nuances, but nothing large, I would call out for you on being highly different at this point.
Keith Housum: Okay. I appreciate that. And I apologize if I missed this perhaps earlier in the call. But obviously tariffs are top of mind for a lot of people these days, both on a cost perspective for the companies as well as perhaps demand issues for geopolitical issues. How are you guys thinking about tariffs from both aspects?
Brittany Bagley: We've tried to stay really flexible in our supply chain. Obviously, at this time, we've been dealing with tariffs of some kind for a number of years. And so we really have found that just being flexible and diversified is key. Now it's hard to exactly predict what is going to happen going forward. So without certainty on what the tariffs are going to be, it's hard to give a perfect answer. But based on what the talk is at least right now in terms of some of the proposed tariffs, there is nothing that I see that would really impact our guidance in any way. We think we're pretty well baked in what is knowable today.
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, everyone. I'll kick it to Rick to close us out.
Rick Smith: Awesome. All right. Well, obviously, we're delighted. You've delivered another great year. Team's just doing a great job. I am insanely motivated by our customer feedback. One of the things I'd mentioned is I think ultimately TASER has the opportunity to become a primary weapon system and that could drive growth in the international markets even more than in the US where they will carry a gun and a TASER frequently on every officer. And my confidence in that future is growing. So here's to a great 2025. We look forward to seeing you all on our next earnings call and thanks for being part of the team.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Erik Lapinski: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining Axon's executive team today. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter released after the market closed, which you can find at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of each non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in our shareholder letter as well as in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, turning to our quarterly update. First, we'll start off with a quick video showing you an awesome example of one of our customers using products across our ecosystem. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: All right, thanks Eric. And I want to thank all of you. Look at I would thank all of our shareholders for joining us here today. So welcome to Axon's third quarter 2024 earnings call. It is truly humbling to come back to you with another fantastic update and to show you these videos that capture what we've been working on and the relationships we strive to build with our customers. These calls are a great opportunity for us to reflect on our recent momentum while thinking about what's next. As I've shared with you in the past, I spend the majority of my time with our customers and with our product teams, ensuring that we are inventing and focused on the right things and aligning our efforts where our customers need us, where they need us to be for their future. I've been able to lean in with hundreds of our customers over the past few months between the AUSA, which is the Big army show, IACP, the Chiefs of Police Conference, and several events at our offices and internationally. Our customers are as excited as we are about what's ahead and it's energizing to see them ready to move forward with us on this journey together. There's no place where this is more clear to me than the area of artificial intelligence. The interest is immense here and we are already building a suite of products for our new AI Era plan, providing access to an expanding set of solutions. Our strategy here is twofold. First, we understand and believe that AI innovation is moving at a breakneck pace. It would be almost impossible for us to continually update our go-to-market offerings at the speed that AI is moving. With this plan, we get to deliver an ever changing and expanding offering that drives increased value for our customers over time. Second, we want to partner with our customers by offering them access to the solutions we have today and those we are building for the future. We can work together on this, adapting to deliver what they need as technology improves and evolves. We know the best way to win is by putting our customers first. This is going to be how we help them harness the power of AI as we launch many exciting products over the coming years. AI is one of the many areas that excite me about our business, but it's not the only one. TASER 10 combined with the power of our expanding virtual reality or VR training portfolio continues to gain traction as a disruptive force to how we deescalate in difficult situations. Real time capabilities enabled with Axon Body 4 and Fusus have advanced response and communication in ways that are finally modernizing public safety communication tools that have been a bit stagnant for decades. And our momentum in newer categories like drones and robotics continues to accelerate with our recently closed acquisition of Dedrone, which helped enable Campbell PD as you saw, to gain the first FAA approval waiver for 24/7 drone operations as first responder. To summarize, I'm very excited about what we are seeing in the market today and the energy our customers have put behind what we are doing. We're on a multi-year journey to modernize the way public safety operates and the opportunity in front of us is to drive real improvement in outcomes that matter to our communities and to our customers who work tirelessly every day to make the world safer. While we report our results to you on a quarterly basis, I believe our success is measured in years and lives saved. We remain focused on our moonshot goal and our mission to protect life and we're thankful to have you on this journey with us. And with that I'll turn it over to Josh Isner.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot Rick and good afternoon everybody. This week we are participating in a core element of our culture at Axon, putting our customers first together. It is the week of the customer internally where we invite customers into work to share their stories, recognize our internal support teams and double down on employee in on employee training to ensure that the customer remains at the center of our universe. I'd like to share a quick anecdote to that end. In response to the devastating hurricanes that impacted the southeastern U.S. in September and October, we deployed our Axon Aid emergency Response Team to work alongside first responders around the clock for 16 days. Our team got to witness the magnitude of customer’s efforts firsthand. At Axon we know our customers are heroes and being a small service to them in this mission was an honor and nothing short of inspirational. We work every day to help our customers achieve better outcomes and when we put their needs first, we get to share in their successes. Understanding this is something I have spent a lot of time on and it percolates into how we've built our team. When I look at what our team is working on with our customers and the results we are delivering because of our strong partnership with them, I continue to be excited and impressed. I'll briefly share a few updates that build my confidence. First, our record results. We just delivered our 11th consecutive quarter, growing above 25% in our third quarter this year growing above 30%. That growth puts us at a level where we are accomplishing in quarters what took us years to do only a few years ago. Second, while we've been growing fast, we still have line of sight to a multiyear growth opportunity that continues to build. We closed Q3 with record bookings in excess of $1 billion on both an absolute and normalized five year basis. That's our strongest normalized booking quarter in history outside of Q4 last year. As we move to close out this Q4, which has historically been our strongest bookings quarter, we are already executing against the largest pipeline we've ever had and we fully expect to post an exceptional and record result again. Third, what's really encouraging here is that we are seeing strength across the board. Our state and local business is firing on all cylinders, led by Jessica Duncan and the early interest we are seeing in our AI Era plan signals to me that this new offering could be one of the more meaningful drivers for us in the year to come. Beyond our state and local business, our U.S. Federal bookings came in higher than what we did in a full year just a few years ago, with four of our top 10 domestic deals in the quarter coming from federal customers across several agencies including DHS, IRS and Amtrak. Looking ahead, we have a clear path to surpass the Q3 federal bookings again in Q4 for our strongest year yet. International bookings came in at near record levels, matching Q4 of last year up 40% sequentially from Q2 and our year-to-date international bookings are up 40% from last year. Similar to federal we see a clear path to surpass Q3 bookings again in Q4. Finally, we saw strong bookings from corrections customers from our in our justice segment continued to grow and we have several Fortune 500 companies conducting retail security trials with Axon products in the Enterprise segment. As is the case every Q4, we must do two things well. Number one, close out the year with maximum intensity and flawless execution and number two, ensure that we are well prepared to drive a record 2025. We have a lot of sharp, adaptable and unstoppable teammates that are embracing this challenge. I know I say this a lot, but I truly believe Axon is in the strongest position we've ever been. We have an immense opportunity ahead to grow our business and continue to progress toward our moonshot goal, which we will pursue with vigor. Now I'll pass it over to Brittany to go over everything in more detail. Brittany?
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. This quarter marks two years for me at Axon and the business has certainly been incredible. I couldn't be more pleased to share the results of another great Q3. We grew revenue 32% year-over-year and delivered strong adjusted EBITDA with a 26.7% margin. We achieved this margin expansion while driving over 30% top line growth and we continue to successfully prioritize balancing the bottom line with achieving that strong top line growth that we promise. As Rick and Josh both talked about, the focus on product innovation and delivering for our customers remains our north star and is what enables us to keep delivering these types of results. Thank you to everyone on our team who drives that focus. As we get into the details, I am particularly excited that the revenue growth is broad based in terms of products and customer verticals. Josh spoke to the strength we're seeing across different customers. The strength is across our products as well. For example, our acquisition of Fusus has been very positive across a number of our verticals and TASER 10 also continues to exceed our expectations on its adoption. TASER revenue was a standout in the quarter, growing 36% year-over-year, the strongest growth in our TASER segment in more than two years on the back of increased capacity and broad based demand. Cloud and services was up 36% year-over-year with software revenue as the primary driver. ARR of $885 million is up 36% year-over-year and our net revenue retention, an indicator of growth with our existing and new customers, increased to 123%. Sensors and other revenue was up 18% year-over-year with strong demand for Axon Body 4 partially offset by Fleet. Fleet continues to be a very strong product, but given RFP timing and customer deployment schedules, we expected to have inconsistent hardware revenue quarter-to-quarter. Overall, our future contracted revenue sits at approximately $7.7 billion exiting the quarter which is up 33% year-over-year. As a reminder, this is a gap definition of our remaining performance obligations and will not tie exactly to commentary we share about bookings. Bookings are also seasonally strongest for us in Q3 and Q4 and as Josh shared, we're continuing to see that this year with a strong Q4 in front of us. Adjusted gross margin of 63.2% was stable sequentially and up approximately 50 basis points from last year. Overall, as we have ramped automation and efficiency in our TASER 10 manufacturing, we have stabilized our margins and expect to maintain these approximate levels subject to the usual business mix dynamics. Adjusted EBITDA margin of 26.7% was a three year record driven by operating leverage as we delivered scale on strong revenue. One note on our financials that you will see in our forthcoming 10-Q is that we have made a revision to our historical financials to reflect corrections of certain areas related to the categorization of some of our partner relationships as principal instead of as agent. We concluded that these were not material to any previously issued financial statements. Our current period reported financials and revised historical financials reflect revenue and expense recognition consistent with the corrections we made in the revision. Now turning to our guidance, we are pleased to raise guidance again on both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Our Q4 revenue guidance is a range of $560 million to $570 million representing more than 30% growth at the midpoint. This implies approximately $2.07 billion in full year revenue or greater than 32% annual growth, up from our prior guidance of $2 billion to $2.05 billion or 29.5% growth. Our adjusted EBITDA guidance for the fourth quarter is a range of $130 million to $135 million or approximately 23.5% adjusted EBITDA margin. This implies full year adjusted EBITDA dollars of approximately $510 million or 24.6% margin. Note that Q4 implies lower adjusted EBITDA margins than we were just able to achieve in Q3, which is a result of timing on some of our expenses and also reflects a full quarter of our now closed Dedrone Acquisition and costs to integrate. We continue to have conviction in our margin target of 25% for 2025 which continues to show nice leverage over full year 2024. Overall, we are very pleased with our progress against the 3-year targets we set out for 2025. We are on pace to deliver our initial $2 billion revenue target for 2025 a full year early and remain confident in our extended target of 20% or greater annual growth, all while increasing our adjusted EBITDA margins and achieving the 25% target next year. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to take any questions.
Operator:
Erik Lapinski: Thanks Brittany. We can all get up into Gallery view. We'll take our first question from George Notter at Jefferies. Hey George.
George Notter: Hi guys. Thanks very much. Congratulations on the strong results. I wanted to ask some questions about Draft One. I'm curious if you can give us an update on your progress in the September quarter there. In terms of pipeline, was there any revenue recognition tied to Draft One, any significant contributions to your ARR?
Rick Smith: So thanks a lot for the question. I really appreciate it. In terms of Draft One, yes, we did receive some orders in Q3, from kind of early customers. So there was some impact on revenue from Draft One. But I would still say we're in like the top of the first inning on what that's going to look like moving forward, especially as we go into next year with Draft Rule One being the anchor product of our AI Era bundle. And so certainly we're very, very bullish on Draft One and all of our AI products contributions to both revenue and profitability over time. But we're still not yet seeing a major impact on the quarter-to-quarter results which is expected due to the SaaS accounting.
George Notter: Last quarter. I think you guys mentioned $100 million pipeline. I think in six or seven weeks of selling on Draft One, is there an update to that number?
Rick Smith: It continues to grow, especially after IACP. So we're again and we're converting some of that pipeline into the new kind of AI Era bundle that we're coming out with next year as well. And again, Draft One is really the kind of central driver of interest in that bundle along with a number of other AI features where developing right now. So certainly safe to say that the interest is the most we've seen out of any, year one product.
George Notter: Got it. One last follow up and I'll pass it on. Where are we going to land in terms of pricing on that? I realize it's going to go into the bundle. I know you guys have been selling it Ala carte to some degree to early customers. We had heard price points of $30, $40 amonth. But is that, is that kind of the right zip code in terms of where this is priced or where maybe the incremental bundle would step up to in terms of pricing? Any sense there?
Rick Smith: Sure. So right now Draft One alone is $65 a month and it requires transcription on top of that for another 20. So at 85 a month for just Draft One, we're looking at the AI Era bundle price of 199 and the sum of the parts of that bundle is expected to be somewhere around $250 or $350 in terms of everything included in it. So good economics for buying, as a group of features instead of individual standalone features. But that'll be the price going into next year.
George Notter: Thank you.
Rick Smith: And those are just the launch features. Of course, the features in the AI Era plan are going to grow, rapidly.
George Notter: Makes sense. Thanks.
Brittany Bagley: And I would probably just note that we'll, we'll probably. You'll hear us talking more and more about the AI bundle plan and less and less and about Draft One as sort of an individual product or an individual data point. It's really going to, as Josh said, be the anchor product in the new AI bundle. We'll continue to add features there, but that's what you'll hear us talking about quarter-to-quarter.
Rick Smith: That's right. And of course, pretty much everything in that plan are pure SaaS software additions on top of our overall software. ARR. Of course, they build upon people who have our hardware like cameras and TASERS and the like. But the Era plan itself is all good old SaaS.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, George. Up next, we've got Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Hey, good afternoon. Just wanted to get a sense from you. As you start to think about sort of the broader opportunity around drones. As a first responder, how should we think about, maybe the ability to monetize this, the ability to see broader adoption and, what sort of has to happen for that to take place. Thank you.
Josh Isner: Rick, do you want to start and I'll pile on.
Rick Smith: Sorry, I have myself on mute. First, Jonathan, are you cheating on us with the headphone listening to another earnings call at the same time?
Jonathan Ho: Potentially.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Hey, so, yes, we see drones as a huge opportunity. The Dedrone acquisition, we think, is a real key part of that. Because before you can start flying drones without extra humans standing around watching them, you've got to be able to see your airspace. And an array of sensors can see the airspace far better than a human on a rooftop. And so part of our assessment in making the Dedrone acquisition was a dual bet, number one, that it would be a key enabler for DFR. To be able to fly your own drones, you got to be able to see the airspace well. And then the second is that we're going to see increased interest in counter drone capabilities. I just learned this past week that apparently somebody in Pennsylvania put a pipe bomb on a drone and is going to fly it into critical infrastructure or something. We'd be glad to see, there has not been that much of that kind of activity here in the U.S. but it's certainly growing all over the world and we certainly hope it doesn't come here. I think it is something that's likely to get more nefarious use. And right now, counter drone is really limited to federal agencies, meaning, state and local cannot interdict the drones themselves. So Dedrone is helpful in that case because it will tell you where the pilot is and you can go deal with the pilot directly. However, there was a bill in Congress, I believe, this year. I don't think it's going to make it through, but there have been some efforts to give state and local law enforcement the ability to interdict drones. Not to get into politics, but my assessment of the shift of the election we're coming out of is that that is likely to speed up law enforcement enabling legislation, potentially including the local ability for law enforcement to interdict drones. So Dedrone is a tech enabler. I think Skydio is a partner. We sort of made a shift with the shifting relationship. DJI, you know, is a Chinese drone manufacturer. We think there's legislation afoot that passed the House of Representatives unanimously that's going to be blocking DJI long term and frankly all Chinese drones. And so we shifted our focus really with Skydio, who turns out is the world leader in autonomy already for drones that can fly themselves effectively. So we think between the partnership, the acquisition of Dedrone and then some pending legislative changes, I would expect within 24 months we'll see a shifting landscape to where our state and local folks can begin using more aggressive counter drone capabilities. And by the way, last thing I'll say is we did a full scan of the, of the world's sort of counter drone providers a few years ago before we selected Dedrone. And we liked Dedrone strategy. They were very focused on detection and not getting too aggressive on mitigation. Knowing that, basically owning the detection space and being at a lower cost point than some of the competitors that have been out there focused on more military style interdiction efforts has given them a good footprint to scale from. And then the strategy has been able to plug in other hardware over time as the legal landscape changes.
Josh Isner: And then Jon, I just add two things on Rick's great summary. One thing that we're super pumped about is how the market's evolving to think about the real time crime center space and the DFR space together, which we think is both right and good for agencies and communities. And plays right into our strengths and our differentiation as a solution. So the combination of fusus in the real time crime center deeply connected with all of our other devices, and then into the DFR partnership stuff that Rick was just talking about, agencies are thinking about buying those together and that's both great for them as they think about how they use this technology to keep community safe. And it plays right into all of Axon strengths. And the second, which is another example of that same thing, we just had a major agency who is in the middle of rolling out their DFR stuff the other day, talk unprompted about the notion of they would love to have an officer be able to press that watch me button that we have on our AB4 cameras and have that under the right conditions, automatically trigger the dispatch of a DFR drone to bring help and extra overwatch to that situation even faster than what any other human in the loop could be. And that's exactly the kind of solution that's powered by the combination of all the things we bring to bear for agencies.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent. And then just as a follow up, I mean, TASER again had very strong quarter. We regularly receive the question whether, the TASER business can sustain this level of growth. And you just want to get a sense from, what gives you the confidence that we can continue to see TASER be one of the major drivers, drivers of the business. Or, or maybe do you see, a shift in leadership where, things like Draft One will start to take over that growth over time. Thank you.
Rick Smith: But they, they do compete for the top slot. And it does make me proud that the old warhorse that's TASER can still, can still run. So we -- I think we've got so many things that have the opportunity to continue -- to be disruptive and to grow. The big one for TASER, just to come back on that to me is really international. I think we are on the cusp and actually I'm getting text updates from my engineers that are in the lab today actually working on some pretty cool stuff related to TASER that we think we have the opportunity in the next couple of years to become the primary weapon internationally. Now in the U.S. the gun is going to remain primary for quite a while culturally because police are dealing with so many guns out in the public. But in much of the world, a gun is just if you had a viable, high reliability alternative and for within that 45 foot range, and I'll just tell you the last thing we're working on is clothing penetration. Once we get that dialed in, we've got a shot at becoming the primary self-defense weapon in international markets where there's not a high propensity of handguns out in the public. And I think that could be a real game changer for TASER.
Josh Isner: And I might just add one or two more thoughts there about the question of is this sustainable for the TASER business to keep growing? In my opinion, the answer is absolutely yes. Like we're year two of five in an upgrade cycle right now. We continue to see exceptionally strong demand, literally double what it was, as we've said on previous calls, you know, with T7. And so certainly a lot of runway ahead to continue to grow the TASER business. And look like, as Rick said, the TASER business is going to solve one of the most critical issues in policing over the long-term, which is that these encounters can end in death either from a civilian or, a police officer. And if we can solve that problem, I still think we're scratching the surface of what the TASER business is capable of.
Brittany Bagley: Just from a detailed sort of modeling perspective. I don't know that I would expect every quarter to be as strong as this quarter was. This was a particularly strong quarter for TASER and that is partly because we got more capacity online for the TASER business, which helps us go fulfill all of that demand. So just from a growth standpoint, I would say this quarter really stood out and it continues to be across both T10 and our T7 and legacy handles. So that was a little bit unique. But everything Rick and Josh said about the long term trajectory the power of T10, the ability to sell it into different markets, holds over, over the long-term.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent. Thank you again and congrats on the strong quarter.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jonathan. Up next, we have Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs.
Mike Ng: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for the question. I wanted to follow up on a comment made about 4Q24. I think you said it would be likely a record bookings quarter, is that right? And was the year ago 4Q bookings in that like $1.7 billion, $1.8 billion range just to make sure we're thinking about that the right way. And if you could talk about some of the visibility and the confidence that you have in those things that you mentioned, federal bookings increasing sequentially, international bookings, is it AI Era, is it, the pipeline growth that you've seen coming out of IACP would just love some color around the bookings outlook that you gave for 4Q. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Sure. Yes. Certainly reiterating that I'm very confident and encouraged here in terms of what we're going to do in Q4 bookings. Probably won't give you a specific number other than we expected to exceed last quarter. And I think on the last call I said the sum of Q3 and Q4 this year will be comparable to what we did in the full year last year in terms of bookings. So we're very bullish on bookings. Part of what's informing that confidence is just tremendous execution across all four segments of the business, state and local, enterprise, federal and international. We have meaningfully meaningful deals in all four of those segments in Q4 and in a lot of them such that there's no, there's not, it's not like a huge percentage of the bookings would be concentrated on one deal. We feel really, really good about the foundation and we're excited to talk in more detail about our Q4 bookings in February.
Brittany Bagley: There's been a couple of questions now about like, what's, what's going to do better or what's going to drive the growth going forward. I think one of the things that I like so much that this quarter demonstrates is the growth is across the board. So you, you might get a little more from one segment one quarter and a little more from another segment, another quarter, but really across the business. The devices on the strength of AB4, TASER on the strength of TASER 10, and then our software, on the strength of both our existing software businesses continuing to perform well, and then the very bright future that we think the AI plan has will continue to drive software. And so, you'll see a slightly different mix every quarter. But as you look long-term, you really should expect all three of those pieces to continue driving our growth.
Mike Ng: Excellent. Thanks. And if I could follow up on the earlier TASER question. The revenue, I counted this was the sixth consecutive quarter where TASER has hit a revenue record. You talked a little bit about faster than expected adoption. I think if we look back to TASER 7, it probably took you, I think, five years to get to 80% to 85% adoption. How much shorter can that be? And could you just remind us, like, what's the typical price mix or ASP uplift versus TASER 7? Thank you.
Josh Isner: So, Mike, the question was how fast can we get to 85 adoption on T10 versus T7.
Mike Ng: Yes, that's right.
Josh Isner: Okay, look, I think that would be setting our sights short, I would say. Our goal is to transition every T7 and legacy model TASER into a T10. And we, we think we have an opportunity to do that. I think this, this TASER 10, while, while each TASER is an incremental improvement over the last one, TASER 10 is just a fundamental, massive leap forward in the technology, in the de-escalation capabilities, in the officer safety features. We really believe that, every cop will be best served with a TASER set with a TASER 10. I'm sorry. And certainly as we go into the next few years here of the, of the TASER 10 life cycle, the primary goal is upgrade and replacement of the current fleet. And again, we're very confident in our ability to do that.
Mike Ng: Great. Excellent. Thank you, Josh.
Josh Isner: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Mike. Up next, we have Joe Cardoso at JPMorgan.
Joe Cardoso: Hi, thanks for the question, guys. I guess maybe just a quick clarification on the bookings. And Josh, can you just like quickly clarify if your comments today, are you guys on track to meet the bogey that you laid out last quarter and achieving bookings in line with full year 2023 in the back half of this year, or is it more like unknown? I'm just curious if you could just flush that out a little bit more because it does seem like perhaps you're a little bit off pace. And I just want to make sure that I'm not thinking about that incorrectly.
Josh Isner: I'd say you're thinking about that incorrectly.
Joe Cardoso: Okay. And then so when you, when you're going into the back half of this year, like, where are you actually seeing the growth and driving these bookings across the portfolio? Is it really all broad base in terms of the, the entire portfolio? Are you guys embedding any of the new AI suite in that, in terms of the releases there? Just curious in terms of like how you're thinking about the drivers and the rank ordering that. And then I have a quick follow up.
Josh Isner: Yes, sure. Look, I certainly appreciate the question, Joe. And these deals that are going to be closed in Q4 are deals that, generally a 6 to 12 month sales cycle at a minimum. Right. These things take the full year to come together. We talk in Q1 when bookings are seasonally light. Traditionally that part of that is the team is getting their arms around the new products and the new pricing, getting their arms around their new book of business as the territories can change and so forth. And so that's really where the groundwork goes into, like building the pipeline for the rest of the year. And naturally most of that closes in Q3 and Q4, especially when you see some of the biggest budgets in the country, the federal government, Florida, Texas, all ending on September 30th you get a lot of September action and then you get a lot of new budget dollars being spent in Q4. And so I don't know that the AI bundle is going to have a major impact on Q4 since we launched it in the same quarter. And we're still building the pipe for the long-term for some of our newer features and products. So the big driver of a lot of these deals is officer safety plan execution in the state and local market and some large deals and international, federal and enterprise that have been coming together over the course of several quarters. So certainly expect, Q4 to really trump Q3 in terms of just the absolute dollars and the normalized bookings. But it's also the result of a lot of pipeline building that happened throughout the year.
Joe Cardoso: No, got it. Very clear. Josh, thanks. Appreciate the explanation there. And then maybe a question for Brittany. Just margins have tracked nicely through the year and expanded each quarter and even outperforming kind of your expectations, if I'm remembering the guides correctly. So as we look here into the fourth quarter, the guide here for a sequential decline, can you maybe just walk us through what has been the driver of outperformance in margins over the past couple of quarters and then relative to your expectations going into this quarter, like what's different that's driving your expectation for the sequential decline to occur in the fourth quarter itself. Thanks for the questions.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, so we've actually done a pretty good job hitting our expense targets and our OpEx targets. And then our revenue has outperformed. And so what you're really seeing is, some nice flow through on that higher top line revenue coming through to the bottom line. And it's been really nice to see how the team has been able to scale and get some leverage out of the, out of the OpEx and especially on the SG&A side. When we look at Q4 though, we also expect that some of the benefit has been timing right. Like we've been talking about timing. Not everything hits exactly the quarter. So we've been a little bit behind on some of our expense spend as we've gone through the first three quarters. We expect to catch up on some of that in Q4. And then the other thing is we expect to have a full quarter of Dedrone and some of the integration costs associated with Dedrone in Q4 now that we have closed that deal.
Josh Isner: And I might just add one more thought on adjusted EBITDA, just high level, which is the thing I'm most excited about, is the fact that we are not sacrificing R&D to achieve these results. Right. Like that's that, it would be very easy to drive up adjusted EBITDA by mortgaging the future. And I don't think anyone feels that way right now. We're still in the place of just loading up on new opportunities and investing relentlessly in them. We're just seeing, like Brittany said, over delivery and a lot more discipline in SG&A as well.
Joe Cardoso: Thanks, Brittany. Thanks, Josh. Appreciate the color.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Joe. Up next, we have Jamie Reynolds at Morgan Stanley.
Jamie Reynolds: Hey, good afternoon, everyone and congrats again on the quarter. Rick, I know you just mentioned there's probably some stuff to keep an eye on for the international market going forward, but just given the strength and bookings that you've kind of seen through the year, I guess could you give us a sense as to what's driving maybe the improved traction kind of near term and kind of as we go into next year?
Rick Smith: It really is broad based. I think the about Jeff was at six, seven months ago, I just come back from a tech conference and told Jeff we need to pull the emergency brake and take a look at all of our product development plans and look at where AI would enable new features that weren't even on our, you know, on our visibility list a year ago. Not the emergency brake.
Jamie Reynolds: Turn the wheel.
Rick Smith: Well, no, this is the one where you're in reverse and you pull the brake. It's like the Duke's a hazard. Anyway, it was, it was a pretty big shift and for example, one that came out of that. We also, I do these AI roundtables. Well, they're customer roundtables, but we did one really focused on AI and one thing that became very clear was being able to do real time translation on a body camera would be just insanely valuable. It rated at the top of the charts and so we pivoted. Jeff, basically, you can imagine like how disruptive this is to his days managing like a thousand 1500 engineers. And it's like, hey, hold on, I know we've got everything planned and everybody's working but let's like disrupt everything. And I think that enabled us to talk about six or seven major eight new AI features by IACP already. And I'm really proud, companies at our scale, it's hard to move like that. But I think that, so our customers are seeing again things that just feel almost magical, that are possible with AI and our investment in things like our EAC, our ethics Advisory Council to help us do safety testing on things like Draft One. Just simply running tests to see if you change the race of the subject. Does that pick up any historical bias from the global data set that these models are trained on? And, and we did pick up some things like word choice, if it says the man fled the scene versus the man left the scene, can really change the emotional perception of that statement. And so we did things like tuning down the word choice severity so that our AI writes the most boring police report it can write because it's a human's job to add emotion and tone to it. Anyway, I think that that focus has really rejuvenated interest in the real time connectivity of body cameras. You all may remember a few years ago we had this whole debate about when we were developing AB3, should we put a wireless chip, a cellular LTE chip in the camera? Our customers were telling us they actually, not only were they not interested in it, they were skeptical of it. We were hearing things like, oh, I don't want my boss watching me real time and micromanaging me from the field. And we still said, just, it may not be, maybe they don't want to real stream real time video, but there's going to be something they're going to want to do. And so not only did we decide to put the, the LTE chip in the camera, we decided to put it in every camera. We made a decision not to sell a camera without it because we knew our customers, if we had a cheaper camera without the thing they didn't know they needed yet, that's the one they would buy. And there was some short term pain because our cost of goods crept up. And as maybe, our customers are on these upgrade plans where they get the next camera and we don't get to charge them anymore for it. So eating, an $80 bomb increase on the hopes and dreams that we would find, a value for that was a bit of a risky bet. Well, now that's really coming home to roost because things like Draft One are only possible because of that real time connectivity, real time translation, only possible because of that real time connectivity. So I think we're now reaping the gains of, of some of those bets we made historically. And it's across the portfolio. I don't think there's any one thing that's what makes this just so exciting. I mean, it makes Jeff's job so difficult and Brittany's, because I'm throwing a thousand features at Jeff and he's like, hold on, slow it down. We got to like rationalize the sequencing and when we're going to build things and what are the things that are going to be delightful to use out of the gate now that aren't going to overset customer expectations. And of course, Brittany is, well, making sure that we're holding the line on how much we're spending on all this stuff.
Josh Isner: So it was one just thought, I think again, it's what so many of the things that are a Goldilocks [ph] and magical, I think about Axon's flywheel, for lack of a better phrase, connecting like the questions about what's happening with bookings or demand, like right now. And then everything Rick's talking about the future is. It's all of our new innovations are really leading indicators of this time, next year's growth. Not about this quarter's growth because of the sales cycle stuff, because of building stuff, but they feed into customers excitement about their bet on Axon for the long-term. But the bookings that are, this quarter, next quarter are about the pipe, as Josh talked about that got that got laid nine months ago. And it all connects in that ongoing sequence, feeding upon itself in a really virtuous, virtuistic way that we're super excited about.
Rick Smith: Hey, Jamie, was your question specific to international at all or was that.
Jamie Reynolds: Yes, yes, it was just kind of what's driving that improved uptake internationally?
Rick Smith: Yes, for sure.
Josh Isner: You're going to actually answer the question he asked.
Rick Smith: Everything's optional, but we might as well answer that one as well. So on International, look, as you know, in searching for a new CRO, our big priority was upping our game internationally. And Cameron Brooks has come in really early on this year, hit the ground running and has really just helped up our game in terms of the quality of the team, the quality of the execution, how we're executing now, but also building for the future. And I think just across the board, we've got some new players on the team that, that are really good kind of free agent signings. We've got a lot of customer momentum from the work that's been done in the last couple of years. And we're starting to, frankly, just see things come together at a, at a more polished level. There's still a long way to go. There's still a huge tam out there. Everything's going to take time internationally, just due to the fact you're dealing with federal governments in all of these countries, not, state and local police forces that, that are able to operate semi autonomously. So it's still going to be a grind, but we really, really believe we're on the right track. And it's a tribute to kind of the team we're building here, led by Cameron.
Jamie Reynolds: Great. Thank you so much. Congrats again.
Rick Smith: You got it, Jamie. Thanks.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jamie. Up next, we have Jordan at Bank of America.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey, thank you guys for taking the question. On the administration change, how are you guys looking at the opportunities versus the risks involved, just with what plans have been said, if they come true or not, the increased emphasis on border security versus tariffs.
Rick Smith: Yes, I appreciate the question, Jordan. I'd say the first thing that I want to make really clear is like, we have a very apolitical culture at Axon. We know we've got to be successful in a Democratic administration as well as a Republican administration. And, we've seen that over the last 10 years with both parties being in power and the business continuing to grow. Of course there are going to be some interesting opportunities for us in the new administration that's focused, primarily on border security. We're excited about how we can help there and new capabilities that we can bring to the table to offer support on that. But at the high level, certainly we believe look like saving lives, driving transparency in delivering disruptive technologies to governments and public safety agencies around the world. Those are things that are really not specific to which party is in power. And we're really focused on just delivering the best products we can.
Jordan Lyonnais: Thanks. And then on just if tariffs are imposed, how are you looking at what levers you can pull to offset any supply chain component changes?
Brittany Bagley: Yes, so we've certainly lived in an environment of tariffs before. And so I think our philosophy is generally to be pretty flexible. We've got multiple sources. From a supplier standpoint, we do, we manufacture our TASERS like in the U.S. so then it'll really be on component parts as those come in. So look, we'll just work through it and we'll be flexible and be nimble as those come through and as we see what they are.
Jordan Lyonnais: Thank you, guys.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jordan. Up next, we have Josh Riley at Needham.
Josh Reilly: All right, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just starting off, can you discuss how the FedRAMP status and your position as the, I believe the only cloud body cam vendor with the highest level FedRAMP status has been helping you win some of these U.S. Federal opportunities And how, just along with that, how, how is the growth in U.S. Federal been, I guess, relative to the broader business this year? Is it significantly above the consolidated growth rate? I know you don't break it out, but any color there would be helpful.
Rick Smith: Yes, thanks a lot, Josh. On the first question regarding FedRAMP, look like we've invested a lot and we've put a lot of effort into being a FedRAMP high product in the federal government. No question about that. And that's certainly a differentiator for us. But I would be so bold as to say even if everybody was on FedRAMP, we're still winning the majority of deals in state and local where we're competing against the same companies without FedRAMP. And so I think it's more of a tribute to the team's quality product delivery and the federal team's phenomenal execution on the sales and more importantly, the support front for our, for our federal law enforcement customers. And so the team's done a nice job this year. There's, as I said, my -- in my remarks, there's a lot to still close in Q4. We could have a better Q4 than Q3, in the federal space, which is generally uncommon because of the end of the budget year at the end of Q3. And so we'll have to see where the dust settles. But certainly exciting double digit growth from federal and a lot of conviction that we're on the right path there.
Josh Reilly: Got it. That's helpful. And then just going back to the TASER revenues, I think we all generally know that the capacity has been increasing sequentially, but maybe just over the next three or four quarters, should we assume that, I know you said that maybe the sequential increases in revenue may not be the same, but is it safe to assume there's still more capacity increases that will be coming in the next kind of 3 to 5 quarters as well? Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, for sure. I mean, we, as we talk about capacity, we have both cart capacity and handle capacity. And as you can imagine we're working to bring both of those up to meet the demand. We see there are lead times. We do have automation equipment. So it's not, we can't always turn on as much supply immediately as we would like to. So you can see the results of us getting more supply on this quarter. And then again, the growth was particularly impressive this quarter. I want to temper everyone's expectations on that looking the same every quarter. But yes, we'll keep bringing capacity on as we continue to see demand increase.
Josh Reilly: Awesome. Thanks guys.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Josh. Up next, we'll go to Trevor Walsh at JMP.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks team for taking the questions. Maybe Rick or Josh, kind of high level one for you. Circling back to the Dedrone or, or just general DFR opportunity. Can you does that seem to be in your minds kind of a state and local, U.S. domestic kind of initial push or is there international opportunities along the lines there? And I guess I ask from the standpoint of seems like the landing with TASER of any kind, whether it's TASER 10 or previous models is sort of the kind of the tip of the spear for the U.S. business and it seems to be following a similar type of path in kind of these international front. But just curious if there's, ways for DFR type of use cases to be more again that tip of the spear kind of on the international front with respect to Dedrone and the other things you guys are doing.
Rick Smith: Sure, if I could start first just Dedrone by itself without DFR ton of interest internationally. I mean every country in the world is now thinking about how they're going to deal with drone threats in the past 24 months. And in many cases AD brought just a great capability. He's the CEO at Dedrone and he's brought us new customers too. Whether it was the World cup in Qatar, the NFL stadiums, critical infrastructure. And then we've seen the same thing with Fusus. I mean both of these acquisitions, these were two big bites for us to take, this closely together. And it's, it's been really just impressive how much customer interest there has been in those with Fusus that's really supercharged our enterprise customers. Enterprises want to be able to work collaboratively with public safety and Fusus becomes the backbone of doing that in real time. Dedrone, we think there's, there's more -- it's a new angle into military customers for us. Militaries around the world are very interested in how you deal with these small first person or Mavic style drones, critical infrastructure and then enterprise there as well. So I'd say Dedrone, even on its own is I think not only interesting to our existing customers, but frankly probably even more interesting to the new customer sets they're bringing to us. The DFR is what's making counter drone especially relevant. When I survey our customers in state and local, the responses are, yes, we're kind of interested in counter drone, but that's not really our mission set today to be dealing with hostile drones coming in. Now that for us is more of a future bet that that's going to come on your plate as those threats grow. But the DFR thing is here and now. That's where our customers really light up. Oh, if I can use Dedrone to enable DFR, I want to be able to fly my own drones. Not something I can do today, but I've got to do it in this awkward way where I've got to have people standing on rooftops and it's kind of this manual kludgy thing and we make it much safer and less kludgy by putting a Dedrone sensor up there. So I also am getting interest, where was it we had another DFR use case in one of our other markets. That's not drone as a first responder, but for competitive reasons. I don't want to name which sector it is, but this is a non-law enforcement sector and they don't need to be flying drones as first responder. But boy, they sure would like to be able to fly drones on an automated patrol around their facilities. And so our partnership with Skydio and the acquisition Dedrone and all that really come together naturally for us to be able to service a lot more than just drone as a first responder for police. If you want to fly a drone without having to have manual human overseers on site, like, we can take that. And by the way, Skydio is a partner as well. Brings us into potentially new customers in critical infrastructure and elsewhere where we haven't been historically.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Rick. Thanks, Trevor. Up next we have Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Good morning guys. I know we're going to run long here, so I'll try to make my questions quick. Just real quick, Brittany, you talk about the product pull forward or again, I can pull forward, but catching up with a T10 with your capacity, how much of growth in the quarter would you say was more of a -- catching up with capacity as opposed to normalized demand?
Brittany Bagley: I would break it out. Necessarily, Keith what I would say is we've had incredible demand. Like, our demand has been outpacing our capacity. And so as that demand grows, every quarter, we need to bring more capacity on. And so what you saw this quarter was the combination of the two. But I wouldn't say, it's not like we chewed through backlog or something like that to deliver. You're just seeing the ability for us to ship more into that demand.
Keith Housum: Got you. Appreciate it. And then services, I know services can be lumpy, but if we look at sequential growth in services of about $6 million, probably the lowest, has grown sequentially for several years, if I look at it correctly. Anything happened in the quarter, or how should we think about services going forward?
Brittany Bagley: Yes, great, Great question. I think there's two pieces in that one. There's a little bit of a lag in that step as you go through each quarter. So what we really booked in Q3 will show up in Q4. So a little bit of what you're seeing in the step in the quarter is sort of what was going on in Q2 from a booking standpoint. And that's because many of the bookings come in pretty late in the quarter. So the revenue from that doesn't necessarily get captured in our actual number. Then the other piece that's going on in there is that's both our software step and our services business. And so with some of the deployments of our fleet hardware being down in the quarter, which you can see in the fleet number, we actually had less professional services associated with fleet, and so that's actually offsetting some of the software piece. So if you were just looking at software, you would see a larger step than what's coming through and in the number you're actually seeing, because we actually had a step down in PSO, which is atypical. Normally, PSO is growing and software is growing, but because fleet came down this quarter, you're seeing that dynamic.
Keith Housum: Got you. Okay, I'll appreciate. I'll turn back over. Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Keith. We'll try to get everyone in here. We have Will Power at Baird.
Will Power: Awesome. Thank you all. Congratulations on a. Another strong quarter of execution. Question, probably for Brittany. The software and ARR growth continues to be very good. There was some deceleration from the trendline, you've been on there. So I guess I wondered if there's any other, color or impacts to kind of be aware of there and how to think about modeling that going forward is mid-30s kind of the right growth rate and what are the puts and takes there?
Brittany Bagley: Yes, I mean, we really look at that sort of on an average basis. Like, I think because of the dynamics I just talked about of timing of when bookings come in a quarter, looking at any one quarter is not as good as sort of averaging out over the year. And you do have things like seasonality playing into that. So I would say nothing underlying it that would change our, sort of four to six quarter average on anything. The step on ARR growth on any of that. You're just seeing a little bit of timing and a quarterly lag is what's showing up in Q3 is really Q2. What will show up in Q4 is really what we're talking about with strength in Q3. And then what will show up in Q1 will be whatever we deliver in Q4.
Keith Housum: Yes. Just for time. I'll leave it there.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you all. We have one left with Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks and congrats on another fantastic quarter. I want to come back to TASER just for a second. Right. So I think 50% year-over-year growth, really impressive. And it sounds like getting great traction on the international front. I wanted to see if we could unpack the driver there. And it sounds like it's really picking up on the international piece of the business. We know that there's a lot of opportunity domestically still, but internationally, is this more about the capability? And I think just seeing what the device does versus, the prior version, it is a huge step forward from a technology perspective. But does this make you think that the longer term, potential is quite a bit bigger internationally than maybe what you'd seen before? That's part one of my question. The second part actually has to do with cartridge. Cartridge revenue relative to the growth in TASER was really not -- that that was. It was up, I think maybe about 10% year-over-year. And I was just curious if there was something in particular there of why that didn't grow a little bit stronger.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, I can maybe start with cartridge because that's easy. And then if Josh wants to talk more about TASER, he can. So most of our TASER customers are on sort of a cartridge deployment plan, which smooths out, how you see cartridge revenue come in. But we do have international customers who are not on a plan. And so what you'll see is every now and then our cartridge revenue is particularly lumpy quarter-to-quarter. And so last quarter we had some big international customers come in and place cartridge orders, and then those didn't repeat this quarter. So again, I'd look at a longer trend line of cartridge growth versus last quarter to this quarter. And then I think the only other thing I would add maybe to give a little more color on TASER before I let it go over to Josh, is, last quarter, in his script, Josh talked a bit about how much demand we're seeing for TASER 10 relative to TASER 7. I think he said demand is sort of 2x the pace. But we are still seeing really good performance from TASER 7. And so part of what you're seeing in this quarter is not only are you getting all of those benefits from TASER 10 that we've been talking about, but we do still have customers ordering TASER 7 and some of our other legacy TASER handles and products. And so, that that's sort of combining to give a particularly nice result.
Josh Isner: Yes. And I just add, you know, Jeremy, I'd say it's in part due to international. Certainly it's a big TAM. We're getting better there. We're building relationships kind of with the right customers. We're doing a better job explaining and demonstrating the value that TASERS bring to police, both in terms of lives saved, but also in terms of officer safety increasing and workers comp decreasing and just some of the issues that come along with absence of TASER deployments. But I think the bigger thing is just very simple. We have phenomenal product market fit with this product. And that's really a credit to Rick. Like our customers are for the first time really seeing that, man, this thing is on track to outperforming a firearm in the field. And we had been talking about it for a long time, but for 30 years with only up to two shots that was still kind of a pipe dream. And now we're seeing it with 10 shots. And customers are saying, man, the increased distance of 45feet combined with the number of shots, combined with the better penetration, those are all things that I think are inspiring more confidence in the device from our customers, whether they be in state and local or federal or international. And so I think that's really it. It's like good sales execution with a product that has, you know, phenomenal product market fit.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. Thanks for all the color Best wishes.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Jeremy. It was nice to see many of you at IACP. Thanks for making the trip out there and always great to see you at the booth.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jeremy, and thanks, everyone. That's it for us. We'll give it to Rick to close this out.
Rick Smith: All right, so I have two things I want to conclude on. One, I want to be careful. In my previous statement when I talked about the election results, I'm not talking about which party won where. I'm talking about the overall political environment. For example, in California, voters approved Proposition 36 that basically raised the penalties for shoplifting in certain drug crimes. We're seeing a general shift that manifested in this election, swinging the pendulum, more supportive of public safety in general. And I would say at our company we are violently non-partisan. We have passionate gun control advocates and passionate second amendment gun owners who come to meetings together and are productive. And you could say that across all the divisive issue in politics, and I think Josh in particular has done a great job from setting the tone from leadership perspective that we want to be an intellectually diverse place that where everyone is welcome and we keep the divisive stuff out of the office because we've got a job to do and we do best when the best, brightest, smartest, most passionate people, no matter their political views, feel like this is a place where they can come and do their best work. And then the other thing I wanted to say was, you know, Brittany, two years. It's flown by the. What you're seeing right now. I mean, we see a lot of Britney's fingerprints on the P&L. She really does a great job of just driving both operating and financial rigor. I come back from customers with all sorts of ideas. Some people might say they're crazy and some of them are. And between Brittany and Jeff, they've got to figure out, okay, how do we. How do we sort through what we're actually going to execute on what's actually going to go into a product? You see Jeff give me a thumbs up. He said it's a great Rick, this is really fuzzy idea. And that his idea is to take it from fuzzy to concrete and for Brittany to work with the team, make sure we can make this stuff and execute and make money at it. And then, you know, Josh, the other key member of the team here, he's our Jimmy Johnson. And as a lifelong Cowboys fan, as I'm sure he'll appreciate that reference, he is our head coach and really focuses on just building the team and the people, and that is the magic that we're seeing now is we've got these awesome, productive, dynamic tensions between our team as we each have different strengths and weaknesses and that, through the whole organization you're just seeing a phenomenal execution. And I would also say, hey, you're the ownership is part of this team as well. So we appreciate our shareholders and the analysts who take the time to get to know us over the years and are supportive of us using our shareholders capital to go solve these problems that we're excited and interested to go do that fundamentally we believe make the world a better place when we're done. And that motivates everybody to come to work excited.
Josh Isner: So Rick, I would have appreciated a Belichick comparison over Jimmy Johnson, but we'll let that one slide.
Rick Smith: Well, I should have made a bet whether I could get that by without comment. All right, so thanks everybody. Thanks to our team, those people listening on the phone, what a phenomenal quarter. And we're really excited to talk to you after the first year. Everybody have a fantastic holiday season. Hug your kids and your family. Hopefully the world's going to get a little less crazy over the next couple years. And it's been over the last few with what's been happening in the Middle East and Ukraine and it's been just so much violence in the world. I self admittedly was maybe too optimistic in my 2017 or 18 book the End of Killing that thought we were at the end of war. Been proven, sort of. The thesis was wrong in terms of timing, but I do think humanity can do better and we can find ways to deal with threats while minimizing the loss of life. And we're going to stay true to that mission. So thanks everybody, enjoy the holidays, we'll see you next year.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Erik Lapinski: Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining Axon's executive team today. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter released after the market closed, which you can find at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of each non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in our shareholder letter as well as in the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, turning to our quarterly update. First, we'll start off with a quick video to share some of the feedback that we've gotten from early users of Draft One. It'll be just two minutes. So, let's pull it up. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: All right. Thanks, Erik, and thanks to all of you, our shareholders and analysts, for joining us today. Welcome to Axon's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. I am again proud to report another great quarter and to show you that video to highlight some of the incredible outcomes our team is delivering to our customers with Draft One. Our story is to build a world where we help our customers achieve better outcomes every day, and it still feels like we're just at the beginning. There are two things that I believe are critical to our success and ability to differentiate in the market. We move fast and we take risks. It is our speed and willingness to tackle the toughest problems that drives our innovation and allows us to recruit the best people. I think we're at the forefront in several technological areas that will define the next decade for our company. You've probably heard me talk about them before. First and possibly the most significant is artificial intelligence. We are positioning ourselves as the indisputable leader in delivering the power of AI in practical, usable applications to our customers. We've been at this for many years and our progress is accelerating as the underlying technology and the interest to adopt reaches critical mass here in the US and around the world. One year ago, I shared with you our vision for generative AI applications as we saw commercially available LLMs, large language models, coming to the market. I told you we would be ready to catch the ball. Well, in April, we launched Draft One, a powerful new AI service that writes the first draft of a police report, extracted directly from Axon Body camera recordings. Our customers' response to Draft One is better than anything I've seen, better than we could have imagined. They want to put more data into the cloud with Axon, they want to better access that data, and they trust us to protect their data. And they can see that we can help them do their jobs better, put their data to use. Our unique position to define this category comes down to three key advantages that I believe we hold. One, the sensor network. We run the largest sensor ecosystem by far, including tasers, body cameras, in-car cameras, drones, robotics, and third-party cameras and sensors through Fusus. This vast network generates the data needed to drive the future of AI. Second is the data. Our expansive ecosystem of software and sensors has generated the industry's largest and most valuable data set. Now it's not our data, our customers own their data, and we protect it rigorously, and we provide them the tools they need to manage and leverage their data. We help them make their data accessible and usable, securely managing hundreds of petabytes of audio, video and imagery in the cloud. And third is trust. We work tirelessly. For decades we have to earn our customers' trust. We've led three major tech revolutions: TASER energy weapons, wearable cameras, and cloud software. And we have several more in progress, like virtual reality training, drone as first responder, and real-time sensor fusion. Our customers trust us as their thought partner, guiding them into the future, an AI-driven future. This trust is our most enduring advantage, built over decades, and we are dedicated maniacally to maintaining that trust by being reliable and trustworthy partners. AI is a hot topic right now. And there's concern about the commoditization of the underlying models. Some major tech companies are investing billions of dollars and then open sourcing their models, making some of the LLMs, these foundational models, free and potentially demonetizing the foundation model layer of the AI ecosystem. We believe we are uniquely positioned to leverage our position as the application and network layer to create significant value through time and cost savings that we deliver from the underlying technology through a world-class UI to our customers. By combining top-tier AI models with our sensor and software ecosystem, we can deliver exceptional workflows, all within a secured GovCloud environment. Our AI products not only offer tremendous growth opportunities for us, but also immense value to our customers. Solutions like Draft One, automated license plate reading, transcription, video redaction, these services quickly pay for themselves. I'm particularly excited about upcoming announcements that we have planned for the Annual Police Chiefs Conference, the IACP, in October. So, stay tuned. Our next focus is real-time operations, which we see as a major opportunity. From what we have learned in our work in legacy Dispatch systems, combined with our acquisition of Fusus, we believe we are positioned to redefine real-time communications and real-time operations for our customers. Our strength lies in innovation, not iteration. Therefore, we are shifting. We're pivoting from command-line dispatch console software to instead focus on sensor fusion and AI. This approach will integrate multiple data feeds, both human and technological, into a unified single pane of glass. Strategically, we're refocusing to align our unique innovation capability with the emerging technologies. Acquiring Fusus has given us a platform to accelerate our progress and we are doubling down on this investment. We plan to leverage the fully-integrated Fusus map experience to provide critical real-time information, enhancing decision making, and improving communications. We're excited to embrace this new vision and deliver exceptional results for our customers. Lastly, we remain highly enthusiastic about drones and robotic security. Last year, we acquired Sky-Hero in the tactical robotic space. Recently, we announced an expanded drone as first responder, or DFR, partnership ecosystem with Skydio, Dedrone, and DroneSense, each the leaders in their niche of the ecosystem. This collaboration offers the most advanced and comprehensive solution for drone as a first responder programs. We look forward to completing our acquisition of Dedrone later this year, further expanding our footprint in this dynamic space. I'm excited about what's ahead and see these updates as validation of our strategy. I believe we are uniquely positioned to achieve remarkable outcomes, driving immense value for our stakeholders across the board while solving real-world problems that matter. And with that, let me turn it over to the guy who leads the phenomenal execution you see quarter over quarter. Josh Isner, over to you.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick, and good afternoon, everybody. I'd like to start today's remarks on a personal note. In June, I celebrated my 15th year work anniversary at Axon. In 2009, Axon, the name TASER, was much smaller carrying a market cap of $245 million. It is a testament to Rick's vision and leadership that Axon is in a much different place today both in terms of size and impact. I feel very lucky to have been part of this awesome team for so long, and I'm thrilled to witness the tremendous results driven by such a talented and mission-oriented group of individuals. I'm pleased to report that our team delivered again in Q2, and we feel great about the momentum we are seeing in the second half and beyond. While Rick continues to focus on our vision and make sure that we're headed in the right direction, I continue to focus my time on our execution and ensuring we have the right team to help us achieve that vision over the long term. I have a few updates from the quarter that I am particularly excited to share. First, we achieved record second quarter revenue and bookings. It was our first quarter with over $500 million in revenue, a number that represented our full year revenue just a few years ago. We booked over $1 billion in new business, closed our largest-ever contract with the US state and local customer, closed our largest-ever corrections deal, and we are seeing an uptake in our -- an uptick in our international momentum. Our international bookings are up 100% year-to-date versus last year. And just a couple weeks ago, we signed our largest records contract ever with that segment. Next, I'll briefly share some detail on where we are seeing accelerating demand for our products. Our new introductions over the past year have ignited. TASER 10 is the fastest selling TASER device in our history. Not only is demand pacing at over 2x the rate of TASER 7 on the order side, but we've able -- we've been able to scale shipments each quarter since launch. We've eclipsed more than 100,000 units shipped, and we have a long runway ahead. Something I find particularly encouraging here is that our top four TASER 10 deals have come from customers outside of our US state and local customer base. We have a massive TASER user base within state and local, but we also see strong demand from our customers, in other segments like federal, international, and from corrections customers as well. The order book for TASER 10 is strong across the board. In Q2, we shipped the most body cameras we've ever shipped in a single quarter. Along with TASER 10, Axon Body 4, and our expanding set of premium software, adoption of our Officer Safety Plan is growing as seven of our top 10 domestic deals in the quarter included premium Officer Safety Plan options. Finally, we are seeing the early indicators of success supporting our investments in newer areas within our software business from revenue -- I'm sorry, revenue from productivity, AI products, real-time operations, and drones and robotics drove almost half of the growth in our software revenue in Q2. Early traction within Draft One is a great example. In the three months since launch, Draft One has generated over $100 million of pipeline, the fastest of any Axon software product to do so. We believe demand for products like Draft One will only grow from here. Halfway through the year, we are pleased to be well-positioned to deliver another year of growth and sustained impact. However, we're on to the next play and nobody is letting up. We have a fantastic opportunity to deliver a similar bookings number over the next six months that we achieved in the entire 2023 campaign. The team is relentlessly focused on executing, and we're excited to show what we can do in the second half. Over to you, Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. As both Rick and Josh highlighted, we had a great quarter. We grew revenue 35% year-over-year on top of 31% growth in the same quarter last year, and we delivered strong adjusted EBITDA. I am particularly impressed that the growth comes from all our business segments, driven by our powerful ecosystem. Our customer-centric approach solves real problems, which drives us to innovate, and you can see those results in the business. Cloud and Services remains the fastest-growing segment at 47% year-over-year. Our software growth stands out and has continued to drive mix shift with 39% of revenue coming from software and services in Q2, up from 35% last year and 29% the year before. TASER 10 and Axon Body 4 also contributed an impressive 28% year-over-year growth in both our TASER and sensors product categories. These products are performing incredibly well and we're still in the early innings. Overall, our future contracted revenue sits at approximately $7.4 billion, which is up 41% year-over-year, and ARR of $850 million is up 44% year-over-year, while maintaining 122% net revenue retention. Along with continuing strength in Axon Evidence, the new products we talk about are helping drive our consistently high NRR. Adjusted gross margin of 62.5% increased by 10 basis points year-over-year. This was supported by mix in our software business, as well as the benefits of automation in our TASER business. We cleaned up some of our older inventory on the sensor side, given the better-than-expected demand for AB4, which was a partial offset to our strong gross margin in the quarter. At this point though, we expect to see stable gross margins for these segments going forward and expect overall gross margin around this level for the remainder of the year. Below the gross margin line, we continue to focus on scaling the business, both to drive profitability and to successfully deliver on our top-line growth. This has included adding a new manufacturing facility to increase production capacity for TASER devices and cartridges, as well as integrating our acquisitions and investing in R&D. We've been able to invest in and grow the business while driving operating efficiency. Increased revenue, gross margin, and operating efficiency drove adjusted EBITDA to $123 million, which was 24.5% margin in the quarter, up 270 basis points year-over-year, and surpassing our highest level in over three years. We also had free cash flow conversion above 60% in the quarter, leading to $75 million of adjusted free cash flow. Turning to our outlook, we are pleased to raise guidance again on both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Our full year 2024 expected revenue guidance is increasing to $2 billion to $2.05 billion, which represents 29.5% annual growth at the midpoint. This is up from our prior guidance of $1.94 billion to $1.99 billion, which represented approximately 26% annual growth at the midpoint. And it's a result of the strong performance we saw in Q2 and the strong pipeline in the second half of the year. We expect full year 2024 adjusted EBITDA of $460 million to $475 million, implying an adjusted EBITDA margin of 23.1% at the midpoint. This is up from our prior adjusted guidance of $430 million to $445 million and it expands our expected margin by 80 basis points. The increase in our adjusted EBITDA guidance includes better-than-expected performance in Q2 and our increased expectations for the remainder of the year. Consistent with last quarter, our guidance incorporates an immaterial amount of revenue and adjusted EBITDA margin impact from our planned acquisition of Dedrone, which we still expect to close in the current year. Overall, we saw strength across the board on the P&L, shipped a record number of tasers and body cameras, generated strong cash flow, made additional investments into our drone partnerships and remain on track to close Dedrone, and strengthened our bookings pipeline for the back half of the year to record numbers. I'd say we're quite proud of this quarter, and I want to give a huge thank you to the incredible team we have for making it all happen. And with that, I would like to open it up to questions.
A - Erik Lapinski: Thanks, everyone. Just a minute till all come up in the gallery view. All right, we're going to start off with Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Hi there. Good afternoon, and congratulations on another quarter of strong results. Can you give us a little bit more color on the adoption of your software applications? And maybe what are some of the biggest contributors now? What are sort of the incremental add-ons where you see the biggest inflection point? I definitely appreciate the AI commentary, but just wanted to get a sense of maybe what's driving the performance this quarter and what you're most excited about going forward?
Brittany Bagley: I can start and then maybe turn it over to Rick who I know is incredibly excited about this. But we made the call out this quarter that we're both seeing terrific continued growth from our evidence.com product, but we're also seeing increasing contributions to the growth from our other suite of software products, and that's really across the board in those other categories. So, calling out productivity and AI and all of those pieces. We did call out the Draft One. While we're incredibly excited about the pipeline with over $100 million in pipeline, it's not actually yet contributing to the revenue in the quarter. So, continues to be a big area of excitement going forward, but the tremendous increase you're seeing this quarter is really coming from the existing products that we've talked about.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Let me speak briefly. And then, Jeff, I might have you speak a little more in detail as well sort of the breakout of our current software. I tend to focus on the sort of the leading edge, and then as things kind of stabilize -- by the time they're bigger, I'm spending less of my time personally on them, and Jeff is really leading the large teams. Obviously, AI is a really interesting space right now. The -- what is -- what was impossible 18 months ago is now, frankly, easy in some cases. Things like Draft One is nearly magical in the user experience. The first time I turned it on was in, I think, February I got access to it in beta. I was at the Texas Department of Public Safety doing a demo -- actually, I probably shouldn't have given the exact name. Anyways, I was at a large agency in Texas doing a demo, and they were saying, "oh, there's no way this will work" with an East Texas accent. And they started teasing each other. And I said, "Well, I don't know. Let's try it." And we had this officer come up, and, literally, this guy could have been on Saturday Night Live. He did the best, like, kind of hillbilly voice skit, was completely non-linear in answering questions, was all over the place. I was sure it was going to be a disaster, and I was just shocked at how well the AI turned all of the nonsense into a professional looking report in, like, literally 15 seconds. And we're seeing that reaction from customers across the board. We had some customers say that the time savings alone from Draft One justifies paying for the entire Officer Safety Plan. So, while it's not -- because of the nature of these things, the -- we write contracts upfront. It takes time for the revenue to kick in. I think Draft One is a real accelerator. It brings transcription. You need to have respond. You have to have the wireless connectivity for us to be able to push this up to the cloud, have it ready in time. So, it pulls other products with it, and then there's a whole suite of other stuff that we are now working on across the board. I would just tell you, Jeff and I sat down, and we said -- we kind of pulled the emergency brake and said across the entire business, every team is now researching what are the AI possibilities that justify changing our priorities so that we're nimble and that we're moving things that our customers couldn't even imagine are now moving to the top -- a year ago, are now at the top of our product development priorities. So with that, Jeff, I don't know if you have anything else you want to add.
Jeff Kunins: Sure. I think both you and Brittany said it well, but thanks, Jonathan, as always, for the question. I mean, I think the beauty of the strength is that it's universal across the diversity of all of our product lines and segments. Whether it is continued growth of core DEMS and more and more access to higher and higher tier plans of, like, unlimited third-party storage and all of those things, whether it's the core add-ons on the back of DEMS, redaction, all of those things, the strength and productivity, like the pipeline for Draft One, but records and standards and core transcription, and, of course, an RTO, the existing strength and respond, the addition of Fusus, and then, VR accelerating and everything across the board. So, I think that the thing that is the most interesting is how universal the growth is across the diversity of our product line.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent. I'll keep it to one question. Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jonathan. We'll go to Trevor Walsh at JMP next.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks, team. Appreciate you taking my question. Josh, maybe for you, but feel free anyone else to jump in. Good to see the international bookings up 100% in the quarter. It's a theme you've obviously been talking about for quite a while now. Can you maybe just give us or reiterate kind of the why now? You think that international opportunity is sort of seems to be gaining some speed? And then, depending on how you answer, are there things that might kind of even accelerate that further geopolitical wise or just everything kind of going on kind of globally that might help to either make that -- those dynamics increase or maybe create a headwind if things kind of turns more towards the negative? Thanks.
Josh Isner: Sure thing. Thanks for the question, Trevor. Well, I'd say it's really the convergence of a couple things that we've been working on for a couple years now. Number one is getting the team right. I think, this is the strongest international team we've had. We've made some new additions to the team in 2024, not only with Cameron Brooks, our CRO, but with some of -- some new leadership in Europe, some new country managers. And I think that's already showing a different level of rigor and intensity than we've had kind of across the board historically. So, very excited about that. I think number two, TASER 10 is really us -- allowing us to start and restart conversations around TASER adoption. And it's driving a lot of interest in a lot of the core markets. I think the market is more -- moving more in the direction of cloud now, especially certain markets internationally. And I think we've been opportunistic there and continue to grow the pipeline. And so, I think those are really the three big things. The last one that is kind of a continual effort is making sure we're focused on the right places. I think at times, historically, we've gone a little off kilter with the volume of opportunities and that's affected our execution. And I think at this point in time, we are really locked in on the places we have strong conviction we can be successful and we're investing in those areas and the team is doing a great job in executing in those geographies. And so, I think all those factors are really contributing to the great results we're seeing internationally. I would say, like, we're still on -- very much in our own territory here, looking down the whole field. We've got a ton of opportunity here. And this is going to be essentially the low point of our international results this year and a ton of opportunity to build on into the future here, especially with the right team in place now. So, very excited about what the future holds for international.
Rick Smith: Hey, Josh. If I could jump in as well, something that's really different in the past three months is AI. I met with a senior -- a very senior government leader in continental Europe in a country where everything I had heard up until now was cloud [indiscernible], just showing Draft One. And look, we're able to film it and do it in French, no problem, because the underlying large language models from OpenAI, like they handle 100 languages without breaking a sweat. And I had this presidential advisor look at me and said, I've never -- like, I've understood the value of the cloud historically. It's been somewhat compelling, but, like, this is a game changer. And when you think about the complexity of deploying AI at scale and the massive GPU clusters you're going to need and the connectivity into the cloud just eases all that. So, we've been almost religious about our cloud fervor. In the US, our customers told us early on the cloud was illegal and that we -- they couldn't do it. Of course, we pressed through that, and now it's become ubiquitous. Europe's been harder. They've been very resistant to the cloud, and we've stuck to our guns, but it's taken a lot longer than we thought. I think this is still theory. We haven't seen a [indiscernible], but the early reactions are AI services like Draft One and some of the new stuff you'll see in a few months, could be enough to tip it over and start to make the cloud sweep through the rest of the world that's been very resistant to it. That'll be a real game changer, if that pans out.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks both. I'll get back in queue.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Trevor. We're going to go up to Josh Reilly at Needham next.
Josh Reilly: All right. Thanks for taking my questions, and I'll echo the congrats on the, very strong quarter here. I just -- I noticed the sequential growth in ARR was down from last year's $39 million that you added in Q2. Is it simply a matter of timing as you did add a record $93 million in ARR sequentially last quarter from Q1 to -- Q4 to Q1? And I would assume with the commentary that, demand for premium bundles remains pretty robust here?
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. You got it. It's just timing. It depends on when the new revenue starts turning on in the quarter. And bookings in Q1 were relatively light as we go through the year, and so you just see that rolling into ARR in this quarter. So, I wouldn't read any more into it than that. We're still really happy with the 40%-plus year-over-year growth in that ARR number, and that's what we're looking at.
Josh Reilly: Got it. That's helpful. And then, the TASER gross margin had a nice bounce back here in Q2. How should we think -- be thinking about the trajectory for the TASER gross margin for the balance of the year? Because I know there's been some swing factors there that maybe we should be considering.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. I was happy to say, I think, our margins generally are starting to stabilize around the levels you're seeing them at now, and so that's both inside of our segments and for our overall gross margin. So, hopefully, some of the noise that we've been seeing in past quarters is stabilizing a bit. And I would say some of that benefit you're seeing in the TASER gross margin this quarter is, we've talked about automation coming online, and you're starting to see the benefits of that. So, I think you'll see that benefit going forward. And then, just as we go through the year, mix does always tend to move things up or down a little bit, both inside the segments and for the overall gross margins.
Josh Reilly: Got it. Thank you. Very helpful.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Josh. We got Joe Cardoso at JPMorgan up next.
Joe Cardoso: Hey. Thanks for the question, and congrats on the results as well. I guess just one for me and just wanted to follow-up. I think, Josh, last quarter you talked about the best opportunity pipeline you had seen exiting 1Q, and it seems like 2Q topped that, particularly given your bookings or backlog comment heading into the back half. I guess, can you just flesh that out a bit more specifically, like, what's driving your conviction here? Is there any particular parts of the pipeline where you've seen a big pickup as it relates to the portfolio or customer vertical perspective, and that's driving basically this view going into the back half? Thank you.
Josh Isner: Sure thing. Thanks for the question. Ultimately, the pipeline is very strong. Of course, that's something we track as a company and as a sales team. And it all comes down to just the conviction that we have and how accurate it is. And look, like, we have the best sales team in this industry. The sales team is one of our strongest teams in the company, and I would bet on them all day. And so, I think we are going to have a massive back half in terms of bookings. We see the pipeline everywhere across the business, but more importantly, the names next to the pipeline are names that I have a ton of conviction and belief in, and I think everyone's going to be really pleased to see what the team is -- puts up in Q3 and Q4 here.
Joe Cardoso: Got it. Thanks. Appreciate the response.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Joe. Up next, we have someone new to us. Welcome, Jordan. We're going to take Jordan Lyonnais at Bank of America.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey. Thank you guys for taking the question. On the drone market, in particular, the NDAA amendment was added, potentially that can lead to a DJI drone ban. If that were to go through, how does it change your opportunity with partnerships with Skydio?
Rick Smith: Yeah. So, I'll take that one and then see if Jeff needs to clean anything up. We've -- our strategy around drones has been to be very dynamic and flexible. DJI, up until now, has been the market leader, and through our partnership with DroneSense. Basically, DroneSense created piloting and data management software that would be able to use Chinese hardware with US software and data flows, so that it could be more secure, and that's been very successful. I'd say DroneSense is currently the market leader in terms of the number of drones flying on their software. The hardware bans have been instituted in some states already, like Florida, and Skydio is the clear US market leader. They're also the clear leader globally in autonomy, in terms of the drones being able to fly themselves without operator intervention. And so, Jeff really spearheaded the efforts around negotiating this new partnership, combining the best of DroneSense, Skydio, and Dedrone. So, we think we're well positioned either way this pans out. There was a movement towards a federal ban. It looks like that has, at least for now, been paused on DJI. So, we are prepared for either outcome, and we think we've got the best strategy we can that's optimized, and not betting on political outcomes because you can't bet on those. Jeff, anything you'd want to add?
Jeff Kunins: Yeah. Sure. I think hands down, like, we've talked about for multiple quarters, the role of drones and robotics broadly in public safety is another one of these rapidly accelerating rocket ships, and we intend to continue to play a bigger and bigger role in supporting agencies across all of the workloads for drones and robotics that they're doing. And, one of the most important aspects of that is this whole category of DFR, or drones as first responder. And within that, you need the right combination of many elements of the stack. You need the right drone hardware, you need the right piloting and all that stuff, you need the right mission management, you need the right docking infrastructure, and you need the right airspace protection. And so, as Rick just said, we were thrilled to announce this big comprehensive additional partnership together with Skydio, who's unquestionably the leading US hardware manufacturer. And, together with them and us and Dedrone and others, we're, confident that we are, by far, the best end-to-end solution for agencies in the US and steadily over the round of the world there. Plus, we continue to support together with Skydio and our other partners, all of the other workloads that aren't DFR yet in drones, and it's going to keep on growing.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, everyone. Up next, Meta Marshall at Morgan Stanley.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Rick, maybe, further detail. You guys were talking about that there would be a lot of pull-through of additional kind of products with Draft One. Just can you give a sense of like how you would monetize either other sensors you were bringing in or other amounts of data you were bringing in? Or do you mean that in -- that you would monetize it through product announcements that we'll kind of hear about over the next six months or a year? That's the main question.
Rick Smith: So, the monetization, as of right now, does not rely on any new products. So, in order for Draft One to work, you've got to have our body cameras. And then, with those body cameras, you need Respond+, which is the connectivity layer. You got to turn the service on so that we can wirelessly stream over secure LTE to get the audio up into the cloud, so that by the time you sit down in your patrol car where a lot of officers write their reports, the data is ready. Then, you need our transcription service so that we've transcribed that to feed it into the AI model that's going to write Draft One. And then, what we have seen is the -- so Draft One is opening -- basically causing agencies to open their contracts to add Draft One, and anytime that happens, now you're in a contract rewrite, and of course, that creates an opportunity. This is an interesting industry in that the effort expended just going through a procurement is almost more important than the amount of budgetary dollars. So, once they're in a procurement, I think there's a general customer sentiment of, okay, like, what else should we be looking at now, because if we're going to go through this, let's go through it, let's do our evaluation, and we find that opens their minds to doing more with us. And then, I think also they're aware of the speed at which this is happening, just the level of tech shift that's happening across society. And so we're, I think we're seeing them these OSP packages are a way to sort of derisk these acquisitions for our customers, where they don't necessarily even know how much of the stack they're going to use, kind of like if you sign up for Amazon Prime, like, you may or may not use the free videos, or you may or may not use the different things in there, but across we try to make it easy for them. It's like, "hey, you don't have to figure it all out. There's a lot to understand here. If you go on the OSP plan, we'll figure it out together what's valuable for you." And I think Draft One is just kind of further accelerating that. Josh, is there anything you'd want to add to that?
Josh Isner: No. I think the beauty -- like Rick just described, is the fact that adopting one product often opens up increased value for the next product to come in and solve an additional problem. So the bridge from respond to transcription to Draft One, and I think we will see that in other parts of the business. Rick mentioned real-time operations and participating in that market to a larger extent. I think there's similar opportunities there between Respond and other AI offerings to drive additional value and solve additional problems. So, I think it really nicely fits together when one solution leads to the next.
Meta Marshall: Great.
Brittany Bagley: Meta, the one thing I'd add to that is you asked about new product announcements. I would just say, like, you can imagine given the enthusiasm that Rick and Jeff and the teams are actively working on new products also. And so, like, yes, stay tuned for new areas that we develop and we go into in this in the future.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. And just maybe, Brittany, as a follow-up for you, you guys mentioned international as a particular area of strength, but just any trends between US federal and enterprise and just kind of relative strength during the quarter? And then, I'll hand it off.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. I mean, I think that our domestic law enforcement business continues to just put up really incredible numbers and just deliver. And you see that from all of the things that the team has been talking about in terms of the ability to upgrade, to move on to OSP to continue making those migrations, but we are seeing great traction outside, right? Josh mentioned we had some big corrections wins. We're seeing big international wins, especially with TASER 10. Some of our biggest deals have been outside that domestic LE business. And so, we really are seeing nice traction in some of the other parts of the markets we've been investing in.
Josh Isner: Great. I might just add there as well, I think, state and local is a little different than federal, international and enterprise. Whereas, I think we've talked about this historically where for in state and local, what we really, really need to be good at is building new products and then upselling them into that market. And I think the team Draft One's a great example of that, and the team's doing a very nice job of that. In other markets, it's about taking products that we've already built and selling them in as kind of the first product into those new markets. And I think we're at varying levels of that across international, federal and enterprise, but it's still the same motion. And from there the adoption of one product leads to the next and the next and the next. So I think, it's two very different motions between state and local and the rest of our business, but the team's doing a really nice job of executing on those in parallel.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Meta. Up next, we have Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for the opportunity here. And I'll echo congratulations on the quarter. Guys, you had a lot of commentary on Draft One. Much appreciated. Perhaps, can you provide some similar color to Fusus? Now, it has been under your belt here for several months. I understand that's [successful for your guys] (ph), but hoping you can provide some equal color to Fusus that you guys did for Draft One.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Let me maybe take that first. You heard some of the commentary there about that we're pivoting our Dispatch strategy. And so, based on what we've learned, we brought two agencies live on Dispatch, and what we learned is the core Dispatch experience -- Dispatch systems have numerous elements in them. Two of the big ones to think about are they've got a command line console where they're -- basically, a 911 caller comes in, somebody picks up the phone, and then the call taker types it into a Dispatch system. Another person is reading those messages, that person is called a dispatcher, and then they relate it to a police officer in the field. Also in that CAD software is mapping software where the map tries to bring together different information. So, what we've learned is that agencies, they're frequently opening three, five, six different maps because you've got one for your vehicle locator -- you might have had Axon Respond or where your body cameras are, there's a RapidSOS, which is the guys who locate where the cell phone is, because most people are now calling on a cell phone. So, what we learned in the console software, very difficult to drive change. Dispatchers, it take six months to a year to train them how to do their job, learning the different dispatch codes. And so, what we learned is that that is not an area we could drive much innovation. In fact, each of the first two agencies we launched at said basically, we don't want anything new there. You've going to rebuild your software to fit our existing training, which is -- sometimes it's a hard decision, but Jeff and I sat and we talked about it. He said, this is not going to scale. If we have to rebuild -- and it's a fragmented business. There's many different CAD providers. Everybody does it a little different. But what we've learned from Fusus, the demand signal there has been extremely strong, and Fusus has been able to take over the map element, the geospatial display. So that's an area where in the time it we brought two agencies live on the Dispatch console software, we brought, I don't know, dozens or a hundred live in Fusus. So, we've been actually pivoting our CAD -- our whole CAD strategy is now pivoted to be very Fusus-centric. Like, okay, we think -- we know based on experience with customers, the existing map interfaces are not very good. Fusus is best in the world at this, and they can bring in the dispatch information into Fusus. They can bring in third-party cameras from the community. They can bring in our cameras. They're really the interstitial connections that bring everything together into one map interface. And so, we're really excited, and basically, our whole real-time communications has shifted to be very Fusus-centric. We've, in fact, already begun earlier this year shifting away from our own Respond map. We're bringing it to deprecate that in parts of our ecosystem and just replace it with the Fusus' experience. So, Jeff, is there anything else you'd want to add about Fusus that I might have missed?
Jeff Kunins: I think that's spot on. I mean, I think we're just hugely we are -- customers are as bullish on Fusus as we are, and I think they're just voting with their feet. And across the board, it is the fulcrum for the journey you've heard me talk about for a long time. Like, ultimately, the real-time operations journey is two things: win more sockets and win more moments. More sockets, meaning more sensors, more cameras on our panes of glass, and more moments, meaning more conversations, more collaboration, more minutes of that intense real time incident management stuff happening one way or another between our cameras, our sensors, and our pane of glass Now with Fusus, and they are the fulcrum of us being able to accelerate that journey.
Josh Isner: One thing I might add there is just also that while we're super excited about the adoption and momentum within public safety, Fusus just represents this awesome opportunity in enterprise as well. And, I think that in terms of having a product that right now is so relevant for a lot of our enterprise customers and could be the first product they buy from Axon. And then, like, the motion we're talking about before, that opening the door to dams and body cams and additional solutions down the road. Fusus very much is proving to be that. And we're super excited about the kind of path that it's creating for us in the enterprise space as well.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Hey. Let me actually double down on that one. Sorry to keep going Keith, but you wanted some more detail. So, Fusus, initially thought of it is, oh, this helps a police department connect to third-party cameras like a school or a business. Yes. It does that. But we've been really interested to learn is there's many large enterprises. Some are private businesses. Some are big federal government agencies that have hundreds or thousands of their own facilities. And over the last decades, they've installed a bunch of different systems at all these different facilities, and they can't even manage their own cameras. But with Fusus, they don't have to come in and reinstall it all. They can basically use this same sort of network, appliance. They can plug it in, and so you could have a large agency, whether it's public or private, suddenly they don't have to go replace all their cameras. With Fusus, they can aggregate those feeds themselves and be able to share it to public safety partners. So, that's where I think the magic is coming in. We're having enterprises that are looking at Fusus for their own internal use in addition to being able to partner with agencies. And I think, Brittany, I don't know if you wanted to add anything in terms of the numbers on this.
Brittany Bagley: I was going to throw some numbers in, but I think the enthusiasm covers it well. Keith, for us, Fusus is in our real-time operations group, as you heard the team talk about. And we did share that that grew over 100% in the quarter. So, it's continuing to perform really well and be one of the segments that's continue contributing to the growth in software outside of that evidence.com piece.
Keith Housum: All right. I've got tons more [indiscernible]. I'm going to actually pass it off because I know...
Brittany Bagley: I don't know, we can spend the whole rest of the call on this as you can tell.
Keith Housum: I think so. That's why I'll pass it off. But thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Erik Lapinski: I appreciate it so that I can try to manage our time. We've got Jeremy Hamblin up next.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks. And apologies if we've already covered some of this, but I actually wanted to get into another piece of winning moments in -- get into the DFR space in Skydio and Dedrone. And just in terms of the ramp opportunity and kind of the timing as you progress through, this acquisition and moving forward with this particular space, I wanted to get a sense for the inbound kind of interest that you're seeing in this, the timing of when you feel like this could potentially add in at least somewhat of a material fashion to your business, and whether or not any of the events are creating more opportunities or more inbound interest in this particular category.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Let me start strategically, then maybe let some other folks get a little more detail. So, when you think about Dedrone, for our core business of law enforcement, their interest has been, I would say, sort of mediocre on the pure drone detection. It's like, yeah, that's interesting. It's not part of our day to day jobs today, but the DFR component, being able to fly a drone as a first responder, there's a ton of interest there. They see that as the natural extension of a drone program. And DFR last -- we ran the numbers. It was growing literally like a 10x rate, but in a 12 month period, we'd seen 10 times more agencies come on DFR. Now, we also think that counter drone defense is going to become a bigger deal. I mean, there's stories emerging now about the role of a drone in the assassination attempt on Trump. We think we're going to see, unfortunately, drones -- consumer-level drones can be weaponized pretty easily, especially based on the rapid innovation we're seeing in the Middle East and Ukraine. So, we also think there's going to be a big opportunity in law enforcement for counter drone, but it's not, no pun intended, on their radar so much yet. So, DFR was the big play there. But then, where Dedrone is also interesting for military customers, they've got a large number of systems deployed in Ukraine right now, and I think every country and every military is now getting very interested in how you deal with the threat of small FPV and consumer-grade drones. So Dedrone kinda gives us a new way to enter into the military markets, critical infrastructure from protecting all the NFL stadiums to nuclear power plants, etcetera. So, Dedrone gives us existing product lines to go into new markets and then hopefully pull the rest of our ecosystem along with it. Jeff, anything you'd add?
Jeff Kunins: No. I think that's all well said, but maybe if, Josh, you wanted to talk to the materiality question and sort of, like, you think about the pipeline over time...
Josh Isner: Like, as Rick said, hey, this is going to take some time even though the numbers are kind of exponentially growing in terms of adoption. There is -- this is gonna take some time to be, you know, adopted in such a way that it has a material impact on our revenue. And so, I think for now, just like early days of the body camera business is in fleet business and so forth, it's about, hey, establishing relationships with the agencies. It's about getting the first kind of 1 or 2 drones in there and then landing and expanding over time. So, I would position this as strategically very important to win some market share early on, but more of a long-term effort, before it really starts to have a major impact on the P&L. And where do you guys assess the TAM in four or five years?
Josh Isner: I think Rick said this before, and I certainly agree with it. I don't know if it's in the next 5 years, but in the next 10, we believe there'll be a one-to-one relationship between drones and police cars.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks, guys.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Jeremy. Appreciate it.
Erik Lapinski: We've got two left. We're going to go to Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs.
Mike Ng: Hey. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. I just have two. First on Axon cloud services, up really strong in the quarter, $19 million sequentially, which I think is the highest on record. Is that a good way to think about sequential growth from here? And when you think about cloud services and cloud revenue, like, do you think about it as a function of number of seats and revenue per seat, or do you have a different framework in terms of teasing out the longer-term opportunity there?
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. I mean, great question. I'll start. It was a big step. You can probably see as you go back our steps jump around a bit for any number of reasons. And this happened to be a really nice quarter from a step standpoint. You also -- again, we talked a lot about Fusus, but you've got Fusus starting to come into those numbers and some good additions. So, I don't have particular go-forward guidance. And given this was the largest step, maybe take that into account as you think going forward. But really healthy growth, and we were happy to see it. And I'll let Jeff jump in on this one, too, probably as the owner of this segment, but yeah, we do, we think about revenue per seat, number of seats, and then a lot of the -- how many features and functions are each of these customers buying in terms of our add-on offerings.
Jeff Kunins: That's right. I think that's spot on. And so, it's another place where OSP factors in because it's a great -- as we've used that Amazon Prime analogy for a long time, it's a way for agencies when they have that procurement moment to buy a package that feels to them like a great deal even if they only have in mind a subset of the things in the package. And so, they're making a purchase decision that feels like a great deal even for a subset. And then, from that point forward, all the things that they aren't using yet feel free because they're already rolled into what they're already paying. And so, those procurement moments to get people on higher and higher tiers of OSP continues to be a pivotal part of our flywheel.
Mike Ng: Great. That's fantastic. And it's a good segue to the follow-up, which was just really trying to think about how much that like revenue per seat could actually grow? Like, I don't know if there's a good way to think about when you think about some of highest-value customers, like what's the revenue per seat for them versus some of the newer customers? How much more penetration in some of these newer software products like real-time operations and AI and productivity can there be into the existing installed base? I was struck by about half the growth coming from these newer software products. Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah. No, it's a great question. I think probably the best we can give is we give periodic updates on how we're doing on our OSP penetration to give a sense for how much more room do we have to go. And we actually luckily shared an update this quarter that our OSP penetration went above the 20% mark. And so basically, that's of all OSP, not just premium, but it means that just over 20% of our potential customers are on our OSP plans. You can imagine with that, there's lots of room to go. That talks more to getting any customer at all onto our OSP plan, but then as you think about revenue per customer, that can be the most basic plan, and we move them up to our OSP premium plans over time. So, my punchline has lots of room to go on that one.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you, Brittany. Thank you, Jeff.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Mike. And last but not least is Will Power at Baird.
Will Power: All right. Great. Thank you. I guess I'll echo the congratulations. Broad-based, great to see. I guess I have two questions. Maybe first one for Josh. So, I was intrigued on TASER 10, your four largest deals outside the local law enforcement if I heard it right. Just it would be great to kind of understand what's happening there? And what's kind of driving that? And I guess within that, I'm also interested in kind of understanding how much is TASER 10 opening up new TASER customers altogether? Like, are you starting to see people that just didn't have TASER 7 or earlier versions go to TASER 10 because of the new capabilities?
Josh Isner: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks, Will. Good to see you. It is exciting to see so much adoption and growth outside of state and local. I'd say there's -- the biggest dynamic in play there is in corrections even, but then more so in federal and in international, you just end up with these customers that are 2 times, 3 times, 4 times the size of NYPD. And so, the pension for large volume orders is so much larger outside of the state and local customer base. And that's what we're starting to see. We saw a large correction -- correctional facility purchase. We're also seeing a lot of international governments for the first time really ordering our devices in larger volumes, and same for the federal government and the federal civilian space. So, I think it's a function of just the work we've put in over the last five years to expand beyond state and local law enforcement. And now a lot of those -- a lot of that effort is starting to pay off, and I think it will pay off for years to come because there's still going to be plenty of upside in selling more and more TASER devices in. But like we said before, that's going to kind of open up the opportunity to sell body cameras in, to sell fleet in, sell drones, VR, et cetera. And so, I think this is promising in a lot of different ways to see TASER 10 so well adopted outside of the state and local customer base.
Will Power: Okay. That's helpful. And I wanted to ask Rick one. As you know, there are fresh concerns on the macro economy, are we potentially going to go into some sort of recession. You have a great slide in the investor deck. I think in some respects, addresses this, right, looks at this consistency and public safety spend over a long period of time. But you've obviously been through a lot of cycles of the company. It'd just be great to kind of hear your perspective as to what type of impacts maybe you've seen in the past? And as you look forward, what we might expect in part because the portfolio has also changed quite a bit even at the customer base is somewhat similar?
Rick Smith: Are you calling me old, Will? Just completely [indiscernible].
Will Power: No, you just got great perspective.
Rick Smith: I'm teasing, of course. Having a little fun with you. Always good to see you. Thanks for the question. I think the same dynamic we've seen in the past, we're in this kind of a bubble in some ways. And I mean, not like a frothy bubble, I mean just it's different. It's -- we haven't seen the economic swings really impact us one way or the other. When things are really great, it doesn't really lift us because of that. And when things are rough, we don't get hit downward with that. And I think it's because in our customer base, the -- whatever they're spending on tech, it's still a fraction of their overall spend. Almost all their money goes into personnel, vehicles and gas. And then, tech is relatively small. So, when times are really good, the agencies are typically hiring more people and expanding if the tax revenues are allowing it. In the tough times, I think in 2008, we had a quarter or two where they were really trying to like tighten their belt, but became clear, oh, yeah, we're going to have to actually make personnel cuts. We then found them investing more in productivity. And now back then, we are still primarily the TASER company, and body cameras were super new. I think what's different at this time, most of our revenues on these long-term contracts, we're an essential service, so we don't see agencies, better knock on wood when I say this, I can't fathom them like cutting back contracts. And in fact, things like Draft One, many agencies are still struggling to fill their approved budgeted seats. The post George Floyd sort of impact the difficulties around recruiting and kind of the negative energy around policing is improving. The pendulum is swinging, but many of them are still 15% to 20% below their targeted force numbers. And so that's where we're hearing the sort of magical feedback where they're like man, with Draft One, if it's freeing up 20%, 25% of my officer's day from writing reports, that's almost like a 20% bump in my force power overnight. So, I certainly hope we're not in the beginning of a big economic swoon. And I'm not going to tell you we're immune. I don't think anybody is immune, but historically, it just seems to be that we just -- we're in this different universe over here where those economics just don't seem to matter as much for good or for bad.
Josh Isner: And I'd just add to that, Rick, that one of the really nice things that make us feel really good at Axon is our products save lives, and they also save money. And so for customers to move away from our products, it very literally is costing them money to do so and will make their economic situation worse, not better. And I think our customers understand and appreciate that. And certainly, we work really hard to make sure that our products deliver that type of value for our customers.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, everyone.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Will.
Erik Lapinski: I'll toss it to Rick to close this out.
Rick Smith: All right. You got to knock on wood when you have results like this. And Josh, Jeff, Brittany and the team, just so many people work so hard and have delivered so consistently quarter in, quarter out. I was waiting for Erik to throw up the screen with the forward-looking statements when Josh was expressing his effusive enthusiasm for the back half of the year, but it's been just a phenomenal run with the team. But it really does feel like with Draft One and some of the other things we're doing, we're in the early innings in a lot of really exciting new stuff and new markets that are now really taking off as well. As Josh likes to tell me, there are so many different pathways to be able to make our numbers work. And just it's a really exciting time to be in the business. So, we're delighted to have been able to deliver these results. A little inside baseball. Brittany sort of joked that we didn't prove out to be very good at forecasting again this quarter, because the sales team overperformed where we thought we were going to be. Again, I tend to like those problems. Brittany would like to see us be a little more accurate. But we got to be...
Brittany Bagley: But if we're not, this is the way to go.
Rick Smith: So of course, I challenged Josh, the sales, hey, let's keep overdelivering. Of course, we want to do that. So anyway, sorry for all the enthusiasm. We are having a good time. You got to enjoy the good quarters. And obviously, we're feeling good about the -- certainly the near term. And I'm super excited about the long term with all the stuff that's, frankly, unproven yet. That to me is the exciting stuff. A lot of good stuff that -- Draft One's off to a phenomenal start. And with that, I'm going to stop talking. Hey, Erik, are we doing anything at IACP with analysts this year? I should have asked that before I bring it up in front of everybody.
Erik Lapinski: We'll have something.
Rick Smith: Okay. So for those who can't stay tuned, IACP is going to be great in Boston this year. Check in with Erik on that. And we're just grateful to have you all supporting us with our shareholders. So thanks, and we'll see you on a couple of quarter -- oh, no, I'm sorry, in a couple of months for the next quarterly results.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Unknown Executive: Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining Axon's executive team today. I hope you all had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find at investor.axon.com.
 Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the information and financial tables in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings.
 We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of each non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in our shareholder letter as well as in the Investor Relations section of our website.
 Now turning to our quarterly update. We like to start off every quarter with a video because we think it's a great way to show you more about our business, and there's no shortage of pilots to share from our teams. We've got a good one this quarter. It's about 5 minutes. Let's pull it up.
 [Presentation] 
Patrick Smith: Thank you, Eric, and thank you all for joining us here today. I want to welcome you all to our first quarter 2024 earnings call. We have kicked off what is shaping up to be another incredible year at Axon. You saw me talk about my vision in the video we just showed you, and I'm energized by the updates we're bringing you today.
 First, one of the areas I'm obviously very excited about is drones, robotics and aerospace security. I believe drone as a first responder or DFR, is a massive opportunity ahead of us. We anticipate that it will drive faster response times and improve decision-making, giving us extra seconds and more information before we act in critical situations.
 As we push forward into this new era of aerial innovation, drones are not just helpful tools, they're becoming indispensable. At the same time, drone tracking and countermeasures become equally, if not even more important, and we believe a critical element to enable widespread drone is the first responder programs.
 DFR programs are designed to deploy drones to an emergency in advance of human first responders, enhancing situational awareness to improve response strategies, optimizing the allocation of already limited resources and reducing the risk of harm to first responders and communities.
 But limitations exist that to date have hindered the use of DFR at scale, namely current FAA requirements mandate the presence of a human virtual observer standing on a rooftop to ensure each drone remains in a direct line of sight. That means operators must be positioned in relatively close proximity to the scene, usually on rooftops and operating primarily in clear daytime conditions. That's one of the reasons I am so thrilled about our planned and announced acquisition of Dedrone. We believe Dedrone's technology solves through these limitations, allowing law enforcement to operate in low visibility conditions and the times of day without the need to maintain a human observer with a line of sight.
 The planned combination of Dedrone with Axon is a natural extension of our strategy with several tangential applications already deployed in the field, including stadium, aerospace security, along with robust military critical infrastructure and other civilian protection applications.
 Another area I'm very passionate about is the realm of artificial intelligence. I believe that we will one day look back on these times is the beginning of the AI era. AI has applications across every element of what we do and offers the potential to unlock our human capital resources to accomplish more than we've ever been able to in the past.
 In the video we showed, you briefly saw us introduce our most recent innovation here, born from our visionary initiative 7 years ago, Draft One leverages AI to produce police reports from body camera, audio and video.
 Our studies have found that officers in the U.S. spend about 40% of their time or 15 hours per week on what is essentially data entry, writing reports. This is valuable time they could be spending in their communities, with their families, in training or on their own well-being. With Draft One, we're giving them a new lifeline that we expect will save them critical hours each and every day.
 And while these two developments are massive in their potential, there are just two examples of where we're focusing our innovation and we are not slowing down and several other areas that we believe will also be critical to achieving our moonshot goal.
 We've introduced real-time operation solutions that bring situational awareness into the modern age, expanding our ecosystem to ingest networks of cameras and sensors, infuses and raising the bar for communications beyond monolithic audio to include live streaming, video and two-way voice communications through video and audio feeds.
 We introduced our new mobile application, which allows our customers to seamlessly work together on evidence management and report writing while they're on the go. And we're giving agencies new capabilities and next-level training to improve human performance under pressure in the most high stakes events with our continuously improving and expanding VR portfolio. As I reflect on what we've delivered to the market and where we're investing, I think we are still in the early chapters of an epic story.
 And before I pass it over, I want to take a minute to acknowledge that our mission is more important than ever. We've seen a number of truly unfortunate and devastating tragedies between the police and the public over just the last few months. Our thoughts are with the families and departments who are experiencing these difficult times that we are out to end. We're innovating for a better future and remain dedicated to our mission to protect life.
 And with that, I'll turn it over to Josh. 
Joshua Isner: Thank you, Rick, and good afternoon to everybody. I'm humbled to share more about another excellent quarter at Axon.
 While we continue to build out the operating system of public safety, the team has not lost focus on the importance of execution. There's no doubt in my mind, we have the best and most well-equipped team in our industry, and our first quarter results are further proof of that.
 I feel really good about our momentum to start 2024. We started the year running at full speed as the team closed out 2023 with our strongest bookings quarter in company history. In Q1, we worked hard to set the stage for the remainder of the year.
 Since it is the only quarter in which very few budgets close, we focus on pipeline development and key customer-facing hiring initiatives. I am happy to report that our pipeline is the strongest and is the healthiest it has ever been across all major customer segments. This is a testament to our awesome R&D teams that continue to zero in on strong product market fit across our entire portfolio, driving this type of record demand.
 Weather, it's TASER 10, now being more directly linked to VR training within our TASER platform, or our on-body cameras, changing the game for real-time operations or Draft One revolutionizing the RMS category there's so much for us to bring to the market, and we are just at the beginning of what we think will be a deep increase in the ways we leverage technology and public safety for the better over the next decade.
 Looking ahead, I see many opportunities for continued growth. We believe our domestic state and local law enforcement customers are eager to adopt the new products that we have brought to the market and we are seeing our emerging markets become more meaningful contributors to our results.
 One of the many things that gets me excited about Dedrone is their strong international presence, which could accelerate our international channel expansion. On that note, I'd like to share our excitement in welcoming Cameron Brooks as our new Chief Revenue Officer. Cameron came to us from Amazon Web Services, where he most recently led their Europe, Middle East and Africa business for the public sector. As we look to drive more cloud adoption across the world, Cameron's wealth of experience and spurring international cloud adoption will be a powerful asset to our team. Cameron joining Axon is a perfect example of how our mission and our unique approach to the market helps us attract the best talent from some of the most successful companies in tech.
 Before I pass it over to Brittany, I want to briefly highlight how grateful I am for my teammates at Axon. We have spent the last 2 years fortifying and rebuilding our leadership team, and we are ready to move faster than ever. We are focused on the right areas to continue delivering in the quarters and years to come, both on our financial commitments and on our mission. We just recorded our ninth consecutive quarter of greater than 25% revenue growth, and our business has approximately quadrupled over the last 5 years. We're also delivering our strongest adjusted EBITDA margins in more than 3 years as promised.
 This kind of compounding does not happen without the best people and the best products and without a lot of things going right behind the scenes. While it's always encouraging to deliver such strong results, we continue to embrace our next play mindset and put our collective organizational energy behind the most important metric of all, and that is lives saved.
 And with that, I'll pass it over to you, Brittany. 
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. We're very proud of the results again this quarter for both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We had 34% top line growth on top of 34% growth in Q1 last year, supported by our cloud and services revenue, which grew 51.5% year-over-year. This came from growth in both users and premium product add-ons driving upsell.
 Demand for TASER 10 also remained robust and drove 33% growth year-over-year in our TASER segment, supported by increasing supply availability. Sensors and other revenue grew 14% year-over-year with the adoption of Axon Body 4 driving camera revenue, somewhat offset by lapping the big catch-up in fleet revenue from Q1 last year as we're now at more normalized deployment levels.
 In addition to healthy growth across all our categories, we see strength across our end markets. In Q1, over 25% of our revenue came from outside domestic law enforcement, including international, federal, other adjacent markets like corrections in Justice and Enterprise. Our ARR for the quarter is $825 million, up almost 50% year-over-year, and it now includes Fusus and our TASER warranty revenue. We continue to maintain a net revenue retention of 122%.
 In Q1, we introduced adjusted gross margin to normalize for increased stock-based compensation resulting from the grants we made to employees whose compensation was under a specified threshold, many of whom are in manufacturing. As a reminder, we've committed to keeping our stock-based compensation at or below an average annual dilution of 3% for 2025 and beyond, and this is in keeping with that commitment.
 Adjusted gross margin for the quarter was 63.2%, up from 61.5% in Q4. This improvement was from product mix benefit as well as the fact we didn't have any onetime reserves hit this quarter. We do expect some pressure on gross margin for the rest of the year as we continue to balance mix shift and ramping T10 capacity.
 Q1 adjusted EBITDA margin increased year-over-year from 19% to 23.6%, representing a 460 basis point improvement. In addition to the benefit of strong gross margins, we saw operating leverage contribute approximately 110 basis points year-over-year. As Josh mentioned, this is our strongest adjusted EBITDA margin quarter in 3 years since COVID.
 We continue to balance driving strong top line growth with investing in the business. We're pleased to be able to do this both organically and inorganically and are thrilled about our plans to welcome the Dedrone team to Axon. Rick did a great job talking through the strategic rationale.
 From a financial standpoint, we expect to close the deal sometime over the summer and to have approximately one full quarter of financials included in our 2024 results. This timing is subject to customary closing conditions. We expect that the potential acquisition of Dedrone would increase our TAM by $14 billion, bringing our overall addressable market to $77 billion. Dedrone is still investing for growth, and we expect incremental costs from their business and from integration that would have a slight impact to our core adjusted EBITDA margin. We've tried to factor this into our updated guidance and should be able to further refine these assumptions next quarter.
 Today, Dedrone is small relative to our overall business, and once closed, you will see them incorporated into our Software and Sensors segment. Dedrone highlights another step in our M&A strategy of acquiring talent and technology that complements our road map and expands our addressable market. In total, our acquisitions of Sky-Hero and Fusus and our planned acquisition of Dedrone have expanded our TAM by more than 50% over the last year from $50 billion to $77 billion. The acquisitions also increased our capabilities in robotic security and real-time operations, both areas we view as critical to the future of policing and our other markets, and we are excited to continue delivering on our product vision.
 Finally, I'll turn to our guidance. We are increasing our full year 2024 expected revenue guidance to $1.94 billion to $1.99 billion, which represents approximately 26% annual growth at the midpoint, above the prior high end of our guidance range of 20% to 24%. This incorporates both our outperformance in Q1 and our increased expectations for the year.
 While future contracted revenue was down slightly quarter-over-quarter to $7 billion in Q1, we have a strong pipeline for the year to underpin our forecast. We have also included an immaterial amount of revenue we expect to come from Dedrone this year, reflecting everything we currently know.
 We expect adjusted EBITDA of $430 million to $445 million, which implies an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 22% up year-over-year and approximately in line with our prior guidance on margin. This includes our best estimate of integration costs and impact from M&A on the year.
 Finally, we've also increased our expected investment in CapEx to $80 million to $95 million for the year as we are continuing to ramp our capacity investments to meet the strong demand for TASER 10. We're very pleased with these results and think the quarter demonstrates continued execution on our business across both the top and bottom line as well as strong investments for the future so we can continue to deliver outsized performance.
 And with that, I would like to open it up to questions. 
Unknown Executive: Thanks, Brittany. I think we're all up in [ gallery ] with you. We'll take our first question from Meta Marshall at Morgan Stanley. 
Meta Marshall: Congrats on the quarter, guys. I wanted to dig into Draft One and just get a sense of how long you foresee kind of departments needing for approval processes and whether you kind of see that once a couple of major departments sign-offs that the approval processes can go much quicker. And then maybe just a second question for Brittany that I'll include this upfront. Just the contribution of Fusus to the year? Or just what you're kind of accounting for between Fusus and Dedrone for kind of the inorganic contribution to the year? 
Joshua Isner: Yes. Thank you very much for the question. Rick, did you want to lead us off? I saw you speaking there. 
Patrick Smith: Yes, I had myself on mute there. Yes, I would start by telling you, we've introduced a lot of exciting products over the years. This is probably the most enthusiasm I've seen for any product we've ever introduced. I mean, police officers did not get in this career to be writing reports, and we've done a lot of background work with our Epics and Equity Advisory Council as well as district attorneys and others looking at what the risks are and testing against those. We do make sure that we're putting speed bumps in there. So obvious that we are reviewing the final report. It's really important that it's theirs.
 But what we're seeing is pretty rapidly they're realizing the agencies and their partners, again, district attorneys and others are telling us the reports they're getting when officers are using Draft One are better than the reports that they're writing on their own. And so while it's pretty early for us to make any exact predictions, the overall friction to adoption is low. This doesn't require a lot of professional services and integration. It's pretty easy for us to turn it on. It's very simple for officers to figure out how to use. And we're finding, again, as soon as they get experience with it, their feedback is pretty fantastic. 
Joshua Isner: Yes. Just add to that, ultimately, there will be a sales cycle associated with it, just like anything in selling the government, but I think we're already seeing some early orders come in and the pipeline is building. We think in the second half of this year and especially going into next year, we'll see this start to really contribute to in-quarter revenue and ultimately at a high margin as well.
 So we're very excited of about what this will entail for our results, but most excited about the fact that in a climate where it's very hard to add police officers to police forces, that we have the propensity to put police officers back on the street instead of behind the computer here without having to make any incremental hires from the outside. So very excited about what this product entails. 
Brittany Bagley: I'll take your second question. Great question. I would say both Fusus and Dedrone are small. They are growing fast but they're immaterial to our top line and really immaterial to our overall growth rate. So we've incorporated that all into the guidance we're giving for the year.
 Where you see a little bit more of an impact is us being cautious on EBITDA, just given absorbing those businesses and having integration costs to really make sure we pull them in and do a good job. And so as you see us not pulling the Q1 EBITDA margin through to the rest of the year, you really see us accounting for some of those impacts and where we need to invest. 
Unknown Executive: We'll take our next question from Alyssa Shreves at Barclays. Alyssa are you on? Might be muted on your phone. We'll skip for now. We'll go to Will Power at Baird. 
William Power: Congratulations on the strong Q1 results. I guess first question really probably for whoever wants to take it. Obviously, strong mid-30s percent revenue growth in Q1. If you look at the full year guide, while raised, it does imply some deceleration. So just love to get a perspective on any level of pull forward into Q1 versus conservatism for the remainder of the year? Any broader thoughts on that front would be great. 
Joshua Isner: Yes. Thanks a lot, Will. Nice to see you. I'd say, as usual, we like to see more of the year materializing before we get out over our skis on total revenue for the year. So we're off to a nice start. We see the pipeline very strong. We're excited about what Q2 and beyond will hold.
 It's also worth noting the year-over-year comp for Q1 is always the easiest comp of the year in terms of Q1 tends to be the slowest revenue quarter. And so yes, we're just -- it's not -- we don't have any kind of pessimism out there or any reason not to think we're going to have another great year. We'd just like to see that materialize in terms of throughout the year in the sales cycle, and we'll certainly update that quarterly as we always do. 
Brittany Bagley: Yes, I would just add, nothing sort of embedded in there other than the fact that we're lapping a very, very strong year last year. 
William Power: Yes. That all makes sense. If I can just ask a quick second question on TASER. Maybe -- can you just update on how the automation process is going? Where you are with respect to having enough supply to meet demand? Maybe any other color on the gross margin commentary there because as you automate and over time, that should help gross margins, but it sounds like it's probably the initial investment maybe that's impacting it. Just I wanted to get some color on that front. 
Brittany Bagley: Yes. I think you sort of summarized that really well, which is we're in this balance between focusing on ramping capacity and really working on cost-down initiatives, and we continue to see better demand than we've even expected for TASER 10. And so we continue to be in that area where we're really ramping capacity. You saw that come through in 33% growth in Q1. I mean that was because we had more supply available. So I think the team is doing a really nice job getting that capacity online and supporting that customer demand.
 It might take us a little bit longer to hit some of those cost-down initiatives as we hit that balance. But ultimately, that's just a matter of timing, one quarter to the next as we figure out how to slot that in. I would say overall, it's going nicely and is on track.
 And then as you look at our gross margins for the rest of the year, you also have a general mix shift balance that we do our best to look into our crystal ball and try and figure out software versus our devices versus our TASER business. And I would say devices were a little bit lighter and software was pretty strong in this Q1. And so as we go through the year, I'd expect some health and devices to balance that down a bit. So that's -- that's all that's embedded in us trying to say that, that gross margin guidance is probably not going to get better for the year than it was in Q1. 
Unknown Executive: We'll go to Keith Housum at Northcoast. 
Keith Housum: Question for you, Josh here. In terms of maybe a seasonality to the type of business. You guys have grown so much over the years. And if we look at last year fourth quarter, it was a tremendous bookings quarter for yet, obviously, not so much this quarter. Probably the first time I remember a sequential decline. Maybe to talk about how you're thinking about the seasonality of your bookings as we look for the next -- this year and the next several years? 
Joshua Isner: Yes. Yes, Keith, great question, and I appreciate it. I think ultimately, a very similar story as Q1 last year, where bookings were kind of the low point of the year in Q1. Its a hard quarter to really rack up bookings for a couple of reasons.
 Number one, like you said, we're coming off a really strong one where we kind of cash the chips in and in Q4 where we can. But then we go through a cycle where we add salespeople. That means the regions change, and that means just getting up to speed on the book of business. There's not a lot of urgency on the customer side because like I said in my remarks, Q1 is the only quarter of the year where no major fiscal budgets and really only the U.K. ends in Q1. And so it's -- Q1 is about kind of building the foundation, rebuilding the pipeline, but I can tell you, I see no red flags in bookings for the remainder of the year.
 I think the team is going to respond really strongly. I think it's always nice. We've got a really, really good sales team. And when we can kind of light a fire under them after kind of a so-so quarter, that usually tends to lead to some good out quarter results, and that's certainly what I expect here in quarters 2, 3 and 4. So yes, I'd say for the future, I'd consider Q1 kind of the seasonal low point to be expected for bookings, but really not an indicator of what's to come here in the future. 
Keith Housum: Okay. And a follow-up question in terms of federal. Federal last year had another great year -- or a great year for bookings. Are we seeing [ loans ] start to deploy here? Or are those going to be it a little bit longer, I guess, deployment schedule? How do we think about that kind of contributing to your overall revenue growth? 
Joshua Isner: These -- a lot of these large federal bookings, they are phased into multiple years. And so we tend to recognize revenue when the product is deployed or when it's shipped on the TASER side. And so of those phased deployments that are previous bookings, there's just some noisiness and when the shipments are sent and when the deployments are done, but Federal is in that bucket of when I said we had a really, really healthy pipeline for the rest of the year. We're feeling great about where the federal business is headed. We've got some large opportunities here in the next few quarters and certainly expect federal to register another awesome year. 
Unknown Executive: Thanks, Keith. Next, we have Josh Reilly at Needham. 
Joshua Reilly: So following this body cam issue with the New York Department of Corrections from a competitor solution, the NYPD, as we know, is a customer for you guys in other areas of their police force with body cameras. Can you just speak to how quickly you could move in, if asked with the replacement product there? And maybe just from a higher level, like what have you done from an engineering perspective to ensure that your cameras don't catch on fire from battery malfunctions? 
Joshua Isner: Yes, Josh. Thanks a lot. And the first thing I want to say about this is there is a captain that was injured as part of this. And so our thoughts are with him -- it's really a bad scenario when this type of stuff happens and you indicated there might be a business opportunity here. We'll see what happens with that. We're certainly -- we feel good about our ability to deploy products. We've invested a lot into them. We've invested a lot into the deployment, and we have the opportunity, of course, we'll be ready to go.
 But in the meantime, we're just -- we're focused on what's in front of us, and that's continuing to build great products. Like you alluded to, we've invested a lot into our hardware and into our devices pillar, and we have great people and thinking through all of these kind of fringe and edge case scenarios that could pop up with the hardware. And so we're not going to kind of disclose any trade secrets here, any in-depth engineering, I will say we've thought through a lot of these potential edge cases, and we feel good about how our products will perform in them. And so in the meantime, we'll keep just doing what's in front of us and what we're in control of. And if an opportunity presents itself, we'll be ready. 
Joshua Reilly: Got it. And then just a quick follow-up on the TASER revenue strength in the quarter here. Is there anything to call out in terms of TASER 10 domestic strength versus international being stronger? I know you had some big opportunities there for the 7 in Australia. And then just balancing that versus the automation coming on. Was the automation of benefit in Q1 because I was thinking that was a little bit more tilted for the automation equipment taking hold in the second half. 
Joshua Isner: Yes. Maybe I'll cover the demand and then we talk about the automation after. I mean, TASER 10 is a monster, Josh, like it's the most popular TASER device we have ever brought to market. It's out cycling the TASER 10 -- or TASER 7 demand by double. We continue to see strong indicators from all over the world that this product is the one that is a meaningful step in outperforming a firearm, and it puts us on that moonshot journey that we've talked a lot about, and it's a credit to Rick and our entire TASER pillar for all the great work they're doing to ramp this product and do so with high quality.
 And so I think with demand, there is a need to ramp faster. We want to get this device out to our customers as fast as we can because we really believe it will save lives. And so we're working through that. Of course, we have to invest more in automation to maximize our build capacity every quarter, and we're in the process of doing so. But future is very, very bright on the TASER 10 side. 
Unknown Executive: We'll go to Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. 
Jeremy Hamblin: I wanted to talk a little bit more in-depth about -- so the acquisition as well as just the new product opportunities, you've had a this is a pretty substantial increase in your TAM, and you've had that on a couple of occasions here over the last 6 or 7 years, but this is among the most significant. And just getting a sense for Dedrone, which gather there's quite a bit of sensitivity out there in how this is going to be used, potential for pushback in the community.
 Give us a sense for how you expect that to be deployed through your customer segments as they stand today. Is this the type of product where while it's immaterial now, do you see it potentially as a material contributor, let's say, in 2 to 3 years? 
Patrick Smith: Yes. Let me take that one to get started. A few years ago, when we were standing up Axon Air, our business leader there, had an important insight that as important as drones are, probably even more important is going to be how public safety can deal with the new threats that drones pose. And that was before what we've seen recently in world events, where in modern warfare turns out these small consumer-level drones are a real game changer, but they're also presenting new threats to everyone from stadiums to critical infrastructure to major events.
 And so actually, with Dedrone, we don't see a lot of pushback because Dedrone is really about monitoring drones in the aerospace. And again, especially given the new threat vector that, that represents, we're seeing pretty widespread support that people expect their local government, their public safety to be able to protect them and aerial threats are just an entirely new vector.
 Now the drone is a first responder, which can be enabled by Dedrone. So Dedrone both helps control aerial threats. And then if you want to deploy your own drones, having really great visibility of the aerospace is a key part of that. Now DFR does present some concerns people may have about the government flying drones. But we find it gets most people comfortable if those drones are really being used to respond to 911 calls and people can understand that, that gets police eyes on the scene much more quickly and can help them make better resourcing decisions, but these are not being flown, just hovering over the population. They're really being used to respond to calls for help. That, combined with good transparency about drone missions that are being flown and how they're being used in publicizing their policy helps most agencies I think really gained a lot of public support.
 So to finish out, we see this as being very material to the future. We think drones are already proving to be transformative and will only become more so. 
Brittany Bagley: I would just say from a timing standpoint, echo Rick fully. I think there's a question of, is it from a financial standpoint, is it 2 to 3 years from now? Is it longer? I mean it will certainly be a really big pillar of our business, and you can see us investing heavily behind robotic security. I think we are really seeding a long-term growth trajectory, though, a business that's going to be material for many years in the future, more than targeting a year or 2 years from now. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Got it. Helpful color. And then just following up here on Draft One, which the demand for this sounds incredible. In terms of thinking about the competitive set, there are lots of other solutions out there, although maybe not quite rolled out in the way that law enforcement is looking for just yet.
 Wanted to get a sense of how challenging you see that market in terms of entering it? Or is it that your ecosystem is such where there's a natural fit and it's giving you a competitive advantage simply because of the other product lines that you already have out there? 
Patrick Smith: Well, this is the entire reason that we invested in a record management system 6, 7 years ago was entirely because we saw this coming, but the ability to not only have your video evidence and your written records in one system, but to be able to extract one from the other would be critical. And I think we're really seeing that come to bear. So we always want to stay a little paranoid about competition. It's a very competitive market.
 But we think between the combination of the ecosystem just really providing a great user experience and what we invest in earning customer trust and support and the rigor with which we've evaluated the risks and really dealt with all of the critical players, whether it's from community concerns through district attorneys and legal concerns across the board. I think we've done this in a way that our customers can know that this is a pretty well vetted approach.
 And obviously, AI can be a bit controversial. And we intentionally chose an area that is very high payback for our customers with very minimal risk compared to some other areas where using AI today may introduce more risk here, we think, given especially because it's derived from the body camera video, it's derived directly from the evidentiary record, which we think leads to actually even better, more detailed, more accurate police reports. 
Jeffrey Kunins: Just building on what Rick said, as always, we obsess about our customers, while being healthily self-aware about the competitive landscape. And that's one of the reasons we talk about the ecosystem so much as you were talking about. We've had transcription of the audio from body camera video at scale with a very large number of customers building up and up for several years now. We've got the footprint of both our body cameras themselves and them and the growing momentum in records. And all that together is sort of the perfect tee up that makes Draft One possible.
 And then the second thing, as Rick was saying, a lot of people talk about the concepts of responsible AI and using these techniques in ways that combine effective results for customers with doing it in a principled and appropriate way, and Draft One really is that actually put into action. And it's why we're so proud of it and why we are -- we believe customers are showing the early excitement for it. 
Unknown Executive: Next, we have Trevor Walsh with JMP. 
Trevor Walsh: Rick, maybe one for you. It was great to hear all the commentary around kind of opportunities around AI coming out of Axon Fleet. I wonder if you could just ponder or kind of pontificate a little bit for us around the kind of nature of data and AI versus the sensors that sort of drive that. Is there any worries for a product for such as Fusus, for example, it's relying on not just Axon proprietary data, but things coming from other places where vendors don't necessarily start to play as nice in the sandbox when we kind of realized -- or [ I think I ] realized that AI is kind of the new -- or the data for AI is kind of the new gold. So that become an issue in terms of people kind of sharing that data kind of on a more longer-term basis. 
Patrick Smith: Well, we certainly haven't seen it yet. And most of the partners that are sharing in through Fusus, I mean those are really members of the community, businesses, other enterprises, churches, schools, partner government agencies that are sharing that data primarily because they want to be safer, and they want to be able to have that data, put to use to be able to help police do their jobs better and identify whether it's criminal activity or solve crimes. So we haven't seen people sort of pushing back against using that data responsibly to protect them better. Jeff, I don't know if you have any color you might want to add on that? 
Jeffrey Kunins: Sure. No, and thanks so much for the question. Again, I mean, you're right on both fronts, right? One is it is the case that having aggregated access to large amounts of data are a really powerful differentiator. And one of the things -- one of the reasons why we put so much into everything we've built over the last years, and it's one of the things that we think enables us to keep building and building in differentiated ways.
 At the same time, one of the key incentives that helps us -- or not worry as much about the particular concern you noted is that -- for the most part, all of this data is, in fact, our customers' data ultimately, and they are the ones where they choose to work with multiple vendors and partners, [ us ] and sensors and providers of other kinds as well as businesses in their community, they themselves get to vote with their feet about how they want the various tools they choose to work with, including us to work together. And so they are a really powerful voice there. that incentivizes all of us to play nicely in the sandbox, while working to keep making our individual products as differentiated as possible. 
Trevor Walsh: That's terrific. I really appreciate the color there. Maybe one quick follow-up, maybe one quick follow up, maybe piggyback a bit about some of the Dedrone comments. How much do you intend to kind of lean into the more counter UAS counter-driven type use cases, whether that's for [ safety ] or some of the non kind of[ public ] safety customers that [indiscernible] either? 
Patrick Smith: Yes. I would say we intend to lean in pretty hard. So our goal is to protect life. And to the degree that drones are being used to threaten lives, we see that as 100% in our mission set to try to create new ways to protect from those risks. So we see this could end up being a real opportunity where Dedrone not only is useful to our existing customers, but Dedrone is interesting to a new set of customers, for example, major sporting stadiums, critical infrastructure and indeed, military, both U.S. and internationally, they have a customer set that is new for us and can bring our ecosystem into those customers as well. 
Unknown Executive: Up next, we have Joe Cardoso at JPMorgan. 
Joseph Cardoso: First one here, I just wanted to follow up on the Dedrone questions. Obviously, you've been working with them for a while. And this isn't the first time you pulled the trigger on acquiring a partner of yours that you guys think there's value in owning. Just curious why right now is the right time for you guys to acquire them? Has there been any change in terms of like -- I know you talked to the time line, but maybe is there some type of change that maybe we don't appreciate. And then maybe just -- can you just talk about has there been any change relative to your thoughts around participating? Or sorry, which parts of the technology stack you want to participate as it relates to the drone opportunity and whether that differs in what you're doing currently around like TASER and body cams. And then I have a follow-up. 
Patrick Smith: So Jeff, do you want to take first crack at that one? 
Brittany Bagley: Maybe I'll do timing of why now, and then Jeff can talk about the technology pieces.
 So I think there's a couple of things. One, we knew we were going to get a bit more active from an M&A standpoint as why we opportunistically strengthened our balance sheet and did our capital raise back in the fall of 2022. And so that was really so that we could go out and be methodical and pick up some of these pieces of the puzzle where we really wanted to strengthen the road map and the pillars and Rick has consistently been talking about the importance of robotic security. And so both Sky-Hero and Dedrone fit squarely into his vision for what robotic security for us in the future, everything from the indoor tactical drones of Sky-Hero to having Dedrone help support DFR and help support counter drone in all of those markets.
 That just goes back to timing of like when does it feel right for them, given everything else they have on their plate and what they're thinking about as an independent company versus when it makes sense to come together with us. And so I think nothing big out there that we're not talking about other than the fact that it felt right timing-wise for them and for us. They were a partner of ours. We had invested in them before we very much knew when we made that investment that we might make an acquisition, and this is the timing that sort of worked out for both sides from an acquisition standpoint. 
Jeffrey Kunins: Yes. And then just building from there, again, great question about the ecosystem. I've personally spent my sort of 3 decades across lots of the businesses I worked in on these kinds of ecosystems that are always this delicate balance between thinking about where do you build by partner, et cetera. And those things evolve over time and you're always trying to decide at each layer of the stack, where they're the best opportunities to really, really partner well with other fantastic teams and other fantastic providers and where, over time, can you get the most leverage by self-building or by growing organically.
 And as you see with us, that's an evolving target, but what it combines all of those decisions over time is looking to see, based on where we are now, where we see ourselves going, what's the best combinations of where we can join forces with others while self-building ourselves at both across the hardware and software side of things?
 As you can see, for example, with drones, we made a very surgical and key decision with Sky-Hero in bringing in this very focused tactical drug hardware provider. You see the work we've done with PSS and then all of the organic build you see us do everywhere and we'll continue to evaluate that stuff carefully and be as smart as we can as we go. 
Joseph Cardoso: I appreciate the color there. And then maybe for my second question, just on the CapEx raised today. Maybe you can just talk us through what's driving the confidence to accelerate your investment plans this early into the year. Like obviously, you talked about it as being like a slower bookings quarter, but the pipeline is growing. So maybe you can just dive into that why pull the investments today versus 90 days in the future, right?
 And then just maybe a second part of that is just as we think about these investments coming online, should we think about it as being more gradual over time, adding more automation and then capacity coming on slowly? Or is this more of a we should expect some kind of inflection and bigger magnitude in a later quarter? Any color around the timing associated with the capacity acceleration or capacity investment acceleration would be appreciated. 
Brittany Bagley: Yes, sure. So I would focus you on the part of Josh's commentary when he said it's the best pipeline we've ever had coming out of Q1 and really drive you there. I think what you're hearing from us is like, yes, we had slightly softer future contracted revenue in Q1, but that is not at all indicative of how we see the year going, which I think you can see from our guidance and our commentary. And so as we look out at pipeline, as we look at the demand for TASER 10, as we look at the 33% growth in Q1, we basically said that in order to keep meeting that demand, and we don't want our customers to have to wait too long for our products that we needed to invest in more capacity.
 And then the way we invest in capacity is we're buying pretty specialized equipment to run our lines and do our manufacturing, and so there's lead times associated with that. So right now, we have to start making investments to support capacity increases in 2025 basically at this point.
 So there's no inflection point. You just see us nicely and slowly ramping our capacity increases, maybe not fully, but steadily ramping our capacity increases to meet that demand. And trying to get out in front of it so that we don't get caught in 2025, saying we don't have the ability to meet demand, and we're going to have to backlog our customers for a significant amount of time.
 So that's really just what we're seeing is making sure we're getting ahead and being prepared for 2025. If we waited 90 days, that would just mean we were bringing it on 90 days later in 2025 when we got ramped up and I think we have enough confidence. I'm telling you we have enough confidence in the pipeline and the demand that it's prudent for us to bring that online. 
Unknown Executive: We'll take our last question from Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Ng: I have two as well. First, just on Axon and Cloud Services, it was up $12 million quarter-on-quarter. Can you talk a little bit about how we should think about the sequential growth in this line? Is this low double-digit dollar growth sequentially still a good way to think about it? Qualitatively, is this more user base driven with the growth in the installed base across body and fleet? Or are we beginning to see more software and, I'll call it, ARPU uplift from records and standards in dispatch? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Brittany Bagley: Yes, so our step-up quarter-over-quarter was almost $13 million. I would say part of that was in Q4 last year. We had a really big step up. Part of that was from revenue recognition. We've talked particularly about how with records coming online, some of that revenue recognition is going to be a little bit lumpy. So we had a particularly large quarter in Q4, and then that leads to a slightly smaller step Q4 to Q1.
 But I also think $13 million continues to be a pretty healthy step and sort of in line with what we've indicated is, like if you averaged out our quarter that feels like a pretty normal step up each quarter. 
Michael Ng: Great. And then I was wondering if you could comment on some of the Axon wins that have been reported in the media -- how is RCMP field testing going? Are there any themes across the wins in Cornelius, North Carolina or Puerto Rico? I know some of them were from a large competitor. So any themes in terms of product or costs that are driving those wins? 
Mike Garnreiter: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Great question. I'm going to give you a little bit more of a general answer on them. I think we've said this a lot about our international business that we aren't going to be and we're not aspiring to be the kind of low-cost vendor in the space. We believe what we've built is really, really valuable. And we believe that we can perform and our products can perform in the field just as we say they will in the written solicitations. And that's not always the case for other vendors in this space.
 And so at times, a customer upfront might focus on cost and say, hey, this is the lowest price point. And then when they start to use the products and test them out and see what they do well and where the shortcomings are, they might feel like, hey, the ROI is such that we should look at a product that's priced differently even if it's higher. And oftentimes, that's where we've come in internationally. And while it takes a little bit of discipline on the front end, we think it's the right long-term winning strategy because we do really have a lot of conviction that what we've built a police officer is lesser served with something else in their hands or on their chest or on their belt. And so we've got a lot of conviction that's the right strategy, and we're starting to see that play out in international markets. 
Unknown Executive: Thanks Mike. I thinks that's it for questions today. We'll turn it over to Rick to close this out. 
Patrick Smith: Awesome right. Well, thanks, Eric, and thanks again to all of you for joining. I'm really proud of our entire team and the incredible execution they continue to show. We'll be really excited to come to you with more updates later this year, and we look forward to seeing you all again in August.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Erik Lapinski: All right. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining Axon's executive team today. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the information and the financial tables in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meeting of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings. We will also discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A description of each non-GAAP measure and a reconciliation of each non-GAAP measure to the most directly comparable GAAP measure can be found in our shareholder letter as well as in the Investor Relation section on our website. All right, every quarter we play a video to kick off our call. We love how this helps you get a closer view and feel for our business. To start us off today, we're going to play a video we put together that hits on a bit of what we talk about when we tell you about our moonshot. It's a little under three minutes. Let's pull up the video. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you, Erik, and thanks all of you for joining us today. Welcome everyone to our fourth quarter 2023 earnings. It's great to come back to you with another incredible year in the books for Axon. We kick off these calls with those videos to help you understand what we do. Sometimes seeing these kinds of scenes brings out different emotions. But that's what our customers face every day. And making those complex situations safer for everyone involved is what energizes us in our work. I've talked about my abhorrence for violence many times in the past. [Technical Difficulty] everyone who chooses to come to work here. We envision a world where violence is just far out thought, but we are constantly trying to find new forms of technology to make this a reality, and we're really proud of the progress we've made over the last year. First, with seemingly small things like adding a warning sound to TASER 10 to help communicate to someone on the other end that something unpleasant is impending with the hopes that that person will rethink their decisions and alleviate the need for a use of force action at all. And adding a watch me button to our body camera so that an officer can proactively request a second set of eyes for them during their most high risk situations. Next, we thought a bit more outside the box, introducing individually targeted probes, enabling far more effective range on TASER 10 and making our innovative TASER technology more effective in more situations. And we reimagined real-time operations, introducing two modern communication capabilities with two-way voice communication through our body cameras to help complex decision trees in real time. As we look ahead, we're solving for higher level challenges like enabling better decision making in potentially life threatening encounters, or effectively expanding a police force by reducing the extensive time that they spend on paperwork. And we envision accelerating the speed of the entire justice system. We're innovating in diverse areas from robotic security to Generative AI to virtual reality. And there's really so much more that's still left for us to do. When I think back to the video we just showed you, think about what would happen in those situations if an officer didn't have one of our TASER devices or was not wearing one of our body cameras so we could all understand what unfolded and why. It excites me that we made huge strides and that our technology is driving better outcomes. I think a lot of what we're working on now has the opportunity to become so pervasive in the future, it will be hard for us to remember life without it. Highly disruptive technology, that's the beauty of it. When you get it right, it quickly becomes difficult to imagine what things were like beforehand. But we're not always going to get it right by ourselves. We rely heavily on feedback from our customers, their challenges in the long term, rather than what's simply in demand today. While present needs do matter too, I spend most of my time with our customers on the vision beyond tomorrow, which is what I believe will drive our growth for not just the next one to five years, but the next decades. What energizes me in my time with customers is they provide us with the best and most actionable feedback on our roadmap, the snags and problems we may run into, and they help us think through the way to overcome those challenges and the best avenues for us to deliver them what they need. Most critical for us is making sure we have the right people to help us deliver for our customers. When I look at our team, I know we have attracted some of the best and brightest to come and work here. If it's not me meeting with a customer about a new product we have in development, it's somebody from our team. Our team works together, relays feedback and understands our common goal. We don't accomplish what we're doing in silos. We join forces across the company and together with our customers. This goes beyond our current team, extends into key partners like Fusus, who we're thrilled is now part of Axon. Our partnership with Fusus began a few years ago and we've really been impressed with their people and the product they've built. I'm traveling with their founder as we speak today. Together, we're taking our real-time operations to the next level and opening our ecosystem to an even larger network of sensors and devices which will unlock entirely new solutions for our customers over time. Before I hand it over, I'd like to say that I'm grateful that I've been trusted to lead this company for the past 30 years and that we've been able to maintain same drive and energy we had when we started. I might be a little atypical as a CEO as my day-to-day responsibilities align more with my background as a Founder than as a Senior Manager. I'm focusing on what's next. What's always important in driving any enterprise from a startup to a $20 billion public company is that we need to encourage people to be the best versions of themselves, but also to challenge each other, just as our customers will challenge us, and to share in a common mission with a culture that encourages us to do our best work. I'd like to provide one last comment on something near and dear to me. We've talked about our intent to invest in our new headquarters over the past few years. And we mentioned last quarter, we were revisiting those plans after we had paused work in September -- I'm sorry, in the summer of ‘22. Part of revisiting that has been working to bring our vision of a corporate campus to life. We would like Axon to remain headquartered in Scottsdale where we own a piece of land and where we have built this business. I love Scottsdale. However, it's not clear that Scottsdale wants Axon as we're seeing the political environment become more challenging and frankly, anti-development. It's unclear if we will get the approvals we need to execute our project. So we're exploring several geographies and other options. As a result, and it may take some time before we have a definitive decision on our next steps. We will keep you updated in the coming quarters as we resolve our plans and we make progress. Now, I know we're not a startup anymore, and that also means we need people focused on execution, making sure that what we do is viable and is executed to world-class standards. And I am beyond fortunate that Josh and Brittany and their teams here to help me in our execution. And with that, I'll turn it over to them now. You're up first, Josh.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. And good afternoon to everybody. I continue to believe there is no better place to be than at Axon. We are building the most talented, outcomes-oriented team in tech, knowing that that's what it will take to deliver on our moonshot of protecting life and reducing the number of deaths in civilian police encounters by 50% over a 10-year period. 2023 marked another promising step in that direction. We just recorded our fifth consecutive year of greater than 25% revenue growth, and we beat that far by a good amount, coming in at 31% year-over-year. Looking ahead to 2024 and beyond, the opportunity is right there in front of us. We're steeply ramping TASER 10 and Axon Body 4, we are building transformative new products and we've added Fusus and Sky-Hero, which together grow our estimated TAM by over $13 billion to a total of $63 billion. And I'd just like to say welcome to the Fusus team. This is your first earnings call as part of Axon and we're thrilled to have everybody on board. In the past, I've shared my vision on Axon's priorities over the next three to five years. We are focused on delivering the technology ecosystem of public safety globally. This approach supports our growth in two powerful ways. Number one, through new product introductions, which expand our ecosystem and deliver new value to our existing customers. And number two, through expansion into our new customer verticals, where our existing products empower new users to deliver safer outcomes and drive a clearer ROI. This framework has led us to invest in opportunities with federal and international governments, justice, corrections, and in the enterprise space. We finished the year with record federal bookings as we continue to see rapid adoption of both hardware and software within the federal civilian market. Likewise, the new Axon Body Workforce camera, or ABW as we call it, has driven strong pipeline in several segments within enterprise, such as retail and healthcare. One shining use case within the healthcare space is Fairview Health where they are trialing ABW with nurses as part of their commitment to patient and staff safety. A key to our success is that we continue to lead the market in innovation. It's no surprise when you listen to Rick that we believe our ability to innovate is a competitive advantage for Axon. Jeff's leadership in our product org combined with Rick's visionary thinking and foresight is an unmatched combination that gives us the luxury of doing two things in parallel, building the next wave of world-class products for public safety and identifying the most synergistic partners in the market, such as Fusus and Sky-Hero. Our standards are high and yet year in and year out, our products -- our product team sets a new bar. Before I turn it over to Brittany to go through our operations and financials in more detail, I'd like to congratulate several of our teams on some substantial recent achievements. First, the TASER 10 lead team led by Pat Madden. We are now four quarters in, and our order rate is pacing at more than four times what we saw with TASER 7. And then secondly, with Axon Body 4 product line led by Jason Hartford and David Mesri, we shipped more than 100,000 units in the second half of 2023, only two months after announcing the product. While these products started in R&D, they end in the hands of our brave customers, And a lot of collaboration amongst functions, or as we call it, #JoinForces, happens in between. Our teams deliver outsized societal outcomes together. As you can see, we're not slowing down. We are incredibly humbled by the trust our customers and shareholders continue to place in us and we remain committed to holding up our end of that bargain. 2023 was a record year and we are so proud of the team. But we are equally proud that that same team moved on from 2023 58 days ago. As we like to say, we're on to the next play. Over to you, Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. As Josh mentioned, 2023 was another great year for us with revenue growth of 31% year-over-year and Q4 revenue growth of 29%. We continue to be incredibly pleased with all segments of our business and continue to see enormous opportunities in front of us. In addition to continued strong top-line growth, we expanded our profitability with a 21% adjusted EBITDA margin for the fourth quarter and full year. This represents 160 basis points of improvement versus 2022, largely driven by leverage in our SG&A function. As we've talked about before, we continue to focus on expanding gross margins and expect improvement over the course of 2024 as we see the benefit from enhanced efficiencies with TASER 10 from manufacturing automation and cost initiatives as well as continued benefits from software growth. We're also going to continue investing in our R&D to support the opportunities we see in front of us and to make sure we can keep delivering strong growth for years to come. You've heard today and read in the shareholder letter the significant growth opportunities we see in federal, international, and enterprise, as well as for Axon Air, real-time operations, and new software capabilities to name just a few. We think we're hitting a nice balance of investing for the future while also increasing profitability and driving towards operational excellence. While we have leveraged SG&A, we have also continued to invest in expanding our sales and marketing teams to address new markets, improving our internal technology capabilities, and bolstering our financial strengths, including the fact we remediated our material weakness this quarter. This positions the business well to continue growing and scaling. Now, as I turn to our guidance, we expect 20% to 24% total revenue growth, or $1.88 billion to $1.94 billion for 2024. This is quite strong guidance for us and is the result of increased visibility for 2024. The strong visibility is driven by TASER 10 demand, as well as the continued strengths in our future contracted bookings, which has reached $7.1 billion as of the end of Q4, growing 54% year-over-year. Our software, which provides us with strong visibility, recurring revenue, and attractive gross margins, also contributes to the strength of our guide. In Q4, our ARR was $697 million, which grew 47% year-over-year. We continue to have a 122% net retention rate and strong customer satisfaction. We expect adjusted EBITDA of $410 million to $430 million, which implies an adjusted EBITDA margin of approximately 22%, up another 100 basis points from this year, on moderate gross margin improvement as well as continued SG&A leverage. This guidance includes the impact of Sky-Hero and Fusus, though we aren't going to comment specifically on either of their financials. Finally, last year we put out a 2025 target model of $2 billion in revenue and 25% adjusted EBITDA margin. As you can see from our 2024 guidance, we're pacing to well exceed our revenue target in 2025 and tracking nicely to our adjusted EBITDA margin target. As we look to 2025 and beyond, we expect to continue targeting a 20% annual revenue CAGR and a 25% adjusted EBITDA margin. We think this is achievable and represents a very healthy, sustainable, and attractive long-term model. We're comfortable in maintaining this long-term growth rate based on the opportunities we've discussed and think this is the right balance of investing back into the business and generating attractive profitability. Also, while we have fantastic organic growth opportunities, we're very excited to be able to strategically make acquisitions in markets that will continue to support and grow our TAM like we have just done with Fusus. Finally, we are also continuing to target 60% free cash flow conversion on adjusted EBITDA and approximately 3% average annual dilution from stock compensation expense for 2025 and beyond. As you can tell, we're all incredibly excited about what we can deliver in 2024 to both our customers and our shareholders. We're looking forward to another great year. And with that, I would like to open it up to questions.
A - Erik Lapinski: Moderators, can you bring everyone at the gallery view? Thank you. We're going to take our first question from Trevor Walsh at JMP.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks, Erik. I'm going to thank Erik and thanks everyone for the question. Maybe for either Josh or Rick. Excuse me. I appreciated the TAM outline in the shareholder letter as far as how that's expanding and kind of where Sky-Hero and Fusus are coming in. But there wasn't, unless I missed it, I didn't see any details around the Axon Body 4 Workforce kind of component or contributor to that. Can you maybe just give us generally kind of how you see that opportunity unfolding and especially curious to see kind of an adoption rate there, given it's a kind of a new vertical or user experience and how -- does it look like the body camera kind of adoption rate within law enforcement or does it kind of feel different from what you're seeing?
Rick Smith: Yeah, Trevor, thanks a lot for the question. I appreciate it. The first thing just to clarify is within the enterprise section of our TAM. That's where the Axon Body Workforce would roll up. And we could certainly talk through that more offline. And in terms of just interest in the camera, we had a launch event. We had some customers in town for it and some trial partners in town. I think this year is truly about, hey, how do we make our early customers really successful on this product and then build from there. It's not much different than the playbook we ran in public safety. And so much of it comes down to just having these early maven type customers that will help us not only build our brand in that space but also help us build the next iterations of the products. And so that's really what we're focused on. We really do believe the future is bright in enterprise. We're seeing that early on in the bookings results. We're not quite ready to share anything more on those at this point, but over the coming years, we do believe enterprise will become a bigger and bigger part of our business.
Brittany Bagley: And just to jump on a little bit, so we gave enterprise a $15 billion TAM in our update, so that's where we see that playing in. And a lot of the Body Workforce camera really came because we were getting feedback from our customers as we were trialing it, largely in retail and in healthcare, about sort of the size and the weight and how they wanted to wear it and how they wanted to use it. And so we really took that feedback and we reflected it in the updated product. And that's what you see, We announced Fairview Health as an early customer there but we're really looking to be able to provide this solution into the retail and the nursing part of the market where they're facing a lot of challenges today around associates and nurses feeling safe in their work environment.
Trevor Walsh: Great, thanks for the color, I appreciate it. And congrats on us all at finish of the year.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Trevor. We'll take our next question from Joe Cardoso at JPMorgan.
Joe Cardoso: Hey, good afternoon everyone and I'll echo -- also echo my congratulations on the results and thanks for the question. So it's great to hear that TASER 10 momentum is tracking where you left off last quarter, but curious if you could just touch on how you're thinking about the margins tracking for the product. If I take a look at TASER gross margins, looks like you had some stability over the past two quarters. Just curious if we should interpret this as the floor for the segment? And then how should we think about the trajectory for the remainder or as we rather progress through ‘24, particularly in the backdrop of you guys -- you've been talking about it for a couple quarters now, bringing on automation, the cost efficiency. So just curious how you're thinking about the margin trajectory there. Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah, great question. Thank you. We had a one-time event in TASER in Q4 where we had a bit of a manufacturing issue largely related to a batch in March of last year. And so that is impacting our growth margins in this quarter in TASER by about 420 basis points. So absent that one-time impact, they would still be down slightly on mix, but they would look much more stable sort of quarter to quarter. And so as we go into next year, that one-time impact comes out and that's where you start to get the commentary about how the TASER gross margins, overall we expect them to improve and they really are improving around our efforts for TASER 10. As TASER 10 mixes in, that's an impact, but then we're offsetting that by the fact that we're getting benefits from automating the line and doing cost-down initiatives as we go through the year.
Rick Smith: Yeah, and just to jump in and reiterate there, the issue was on TASER 7, not TASER 10 that led to this warranty reserve. And one thing I would point out is TASER 7 was developed prior to the current regime under Hans Moritz that's leading our whole hardware engineering group and we've seen substantially more rigorous free market validation and as a result with AB4 and the Fleet 3 and so far with TASER 10 we've actually seen more robust field reliability, lower return rates. So just want to make sure we didn't conflate that warranty issue was T7, previous design, not the current T10.
Joe Cardoso: Got it. Totally makes sense. And then maybe just quick clarification on that front just in terms of the TASER 10 improvement, not to harp on it, but maybe just in terms of the improvement you're expecting through the year, is the expectation that it happens more linearly or is it more back-end loaded? Just curious just in terms of, like, as you bring on this automation equipment, is that more subject to being in the back half or is it more first half? Just curious how we should think about linearity through the year?
Brittany Bagley: Yeah I think there's a number of different initiatives going on including the automation and then cost-down initiatives. And so I would expect you see that starting to roll in as we go through the year. So it won't be all back-half weighted, but obviously you'll see the cumulative impact of that more in the back half as we get all of those executed.
Joe Cardoso: Thanks, Brittany. Appreciate all the color.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Joe. We're going to go to Jonathan Ho at William Blair next.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon. Congrats on the strong quarter. Maybe just starting out with a high level question. How should we think about the impacts from the Fusus and Sky-Hero acquisitions? I know you're not giving financials, but in terms of your ability to either sort of approach your longer-term vision or to cross-sell the products, just wanted to get a sense of the synergies that you see here with these acquisitions?
Brittany Bagley: Yeah, I can start and I'm sure that the team will want to jump in. I would say that these are acquisitions that we're really doing for product and the team and the opportunity far more than we're doing specifically for synergies. So I really want to focus everybody on sort of the long-term market opportunity and customer opportunity that they bring in. All that said, I think there's some real benefits as we bring in these products and these teams to having access to our customers and our channels and all of the experience that we've had, scaling up these types of businesses, as well as giving them access to some of our infrastructure and support on the G&A side. And so, in a lot of ways, we're hoping that that really allows them to run faster and accelerate what they're doing.
Rick Smith: Yeah, and starting to respond there, I had muted myself. The other thing I would say is on each of them, they are highly strategic. So Fusus, what they really bring is, I described them at a high level, like the Switzerland of cameras. They've integrated with every imaginable sensor and CCTV camera, and we met them. We were introduced by customers who really loved what they were doing and said, hey, we want you to integrate Axon cameras onto the Fusus map because we don't want to have to open a different map and a different interface for every different vendor of cameras that we're using. And that's a lot of work to build something, Fusus has stayed away from building first-party cameras. And we really do want to keep that solution very open so that it can be broadly compatible with virtually any type of sensor, any type of camera in the market. We think that's critical to expanding the utility of our ecosystem to our customers. And then on the Sky-Hero side, long-term, this is probably not going to be big revenue in the short-term, but they are one of the, if not the leading tactical drone maker in the world used by special forces, by SWAT teams, and we think if we want to eradicate violence from society, we've got to get out of this mindset that the way you stop a person with a gun is sending more people with more guns and have a gun fight. And we think drones and robotics have a huge role to play there. I'd say that's probably a little longer term. It's not going to be a 2024 or maybe 2025 revenue impact, but 10 years out, we think it could have an enormous, both societal and revenue impact, especially in the space around private security where there's millions of people worldwide whose job is to sort of observe, report, and secure facilities. That's a highly monotonous job and one where drones and robotics -- we need to do a much better job at those monotonous jobs and when those jobs become dangerous, they could do a much better job than putting a human in danger when a threat does emerge.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jonathan. We'll take our next question from Will Power at Baird.
Will Power: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. I'm in a vehicle, so I'm going to stay on video for a moment. But maybe if I could come back to software, I know you expect that to be one of the key drivers in ‘24, along with T10 and other products. Any way to kind of help unpack what the expectations for growth there are across the different components, evidence versus records, dispatch, et cetera, just to get a sense for the breadth of that growth?
Josh Isner: Sure thing. And I think the answer, Will, really depends on the market segment. I think for state and local, that's where we're really, really focused on selling the officer safety plan and this bundled set of enterprise software from digital evidence management to reporting software to all of the key software add-ons, all in one place. And so, that's one of the true measures of success in the channel domestically. Internationally, it's really about, hey, how do we get folks on the cloud for the first time? And then, for some of these governments, it's literally the first time they're on the cloud in their professional lives. We're starting from a place of just arriving at that moment and then building from there over the next several years. Of course, in enterprise and federal, it’s somewhere in between where we might not exactly sell some version of the OSP that we sell to domestic, but it might be some more tailor-made software offerings that are the right fit for those customers. And so for us I think, we always end in the same place, which is highly valuable, highly useful, high ROI software being deployed to customers that remain happy with it. It's just a question of the path that it takes to get there, and in each segment it might be slightly different. And so that's a bit of a summary for you.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah, and Will, just on the commentary, I would say I was highlighting T10 and software particularly as drivers for improving gross margins. They obviously both will be great contributors to our revenue next year, but really all of our segments are performing incredibly well and they'll all contribute really nicely next year.
Will Power: Got it. Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you, Will. We're going to take our next question from Alyssa Shreves at Barclays. I think she's dialed in.
Rick Smith: Looks like she might be muted as well.
Erik Lapinski: Oh, we're off mute.
Alyssa Shreves: Can you hear me?
Erik Lapinski: We can.
Alyssa Shreves: Great. Good afternoon, guys. Just a kind of quick question on the T10 demand. Is it -- are you seeing existing customers looking to upgrade? Is it penetration into new markets? And how much is this VR training kind of moving the needle in terms of T10 adoption? Thanks.
Josh Isner: Yeah, it's a fantastic question. Thank you very much. This first answer is kind of yes to both. I think our existing customer base is very predictably upgrading, not only at the end of their useful life of their previous generation weapon, but for the first time we're seeing customers expressed an interest in an early upgrade to TASER 10. So we're really encouraged by that. Additionally, this is -- we do believe this will open new customer markets for us internationally and in some private security and federal use cases as well. And so across the board, very bullish on T10 adoption and the rate at which that adoption is occurring. So that's a little bit about the market kind of response to T10. Can you just remind me what the second portion of that question was?
Alyssa Shreves: Yeah, how much of the VR training is kind of driving customer interest? Is it more nice to have or are customers kind of viewing this now as a need to have once they trial it?
Josh Isner: I'd say we're probably squarely in the middle of those two at the moment. And this is a big year for our VR program, because now that the sensors work very well and very reliably, it's about how much content we can build to deliver to these end users to simulate different training scenarios. So it's a move from hey how are you performing with T10 at a range setting or some basic interactions and we'll build on that to these more complicated decision-making types of scenarios. So we think this is going to go hand in hand. Not only, of course, the training experience, if it's very strong, will help adoption of the product, but it'll also drive far safer outcomes in the field. If we're able to simulate the type of stress that you can feel in VR relative to shooting at people in costume or with Velcro suits on or at stationary targets at a range, these are the things that can really make the difference in the field. And so very excited about that. We're rolling it out to international as well. We're rolling it out to federal. We're tailoring scenarios for those markets. So we think these two products, VR and TASER 10 are kind of linked moving forward. And it's represented by the way we go to market as well where you pay one rate for both of those offerings and you get both throughout the term of the contract.
Alyssa Shreves: Great. Thank you so much.
Josh Isner: You got it.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you, Alyssa. We'll take our next question from Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs.
Mike Ng: Great. Good afternoon. Thank you very much for the question. I just have two. First, there was the big step-up in future contracted revenue. I think that $1.3 billion sequential increase is the biggest on record. Is there anything to call out as it relates to outsized deals or customer wins that contributed to that, or would you guys consider that normal momentum? And then I have a quick follow up.
Josh Isner: For sure. I don't think there was anything abnormal about Q4 other than it was a record quarter for us. And there is some seasonality in our business. It was our first quarter of $1 billion plus dollars booked across the business in five year booking. So we're really excited about that. We don't necessarily share much more than that on our total bookings, but that was a pretty big milestone for our team. So of course that'll represent itself in future contracted revenue and we're excited about that trend and certainly aiming to outperform that record this year.
Mike Ng: Great. And then just a follow-up for Brittany, just on that future contracted revenue, I know you guys have talked about 15% to 25% of that being recognized in the next 12 months. But I guess as the duration of that future contracted revenue extended at all, have there been longer-term deals? Naturally, the reason why I ask is it seems like you know 25% percent of $7.1 billion, you have full visibility into the 2024 revenue guidance. I don't know -- I'm not sure if that's the right way to think about it. Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Yeah, of course it's a great question. It hasn't changed such that, that 15% to 25% percent guidance of what converts for the next year has been pretty consistent over at least the last few quarters. I think in general we have seen a trend towards some longer contracts. So again, Josh, Josh will correct me, but I think historically there were more five year contracts and now we're seeing more 10-year contracts and some that are even longer than 10 years. So that's certainly a factor in there. But nothing has massively changed in terms of how that future contracted revenue converts in for the next year. I do think it helps in terms of us having visibility and giving a strong guide for next year. And so I think that's where you see some of that come through.
Mike Ng: Excellent. Thank you, Josh. Thank you, Brittany.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Mike. We're going to go to Josh Riley at Needham next.
Josh Riley: All right. Thanks for taking my questions. I got one and a quick follow-up here. If you look at the Fusus acquisition, is this a product that is going to require a little bit of incremental investment on your part to kind of drive broad customer adoption across the customer base or is this ready to go day one for your entire customer base?
Josh Isner: Yeah, I'll take that. The good news is, it's a combination of the two. So right now out of the gate, one of the reasons why we were so excited about Fusus as a partner and then moving to the acquisition is that their product turnkey out of the box today is ready to go very broadly across state, and local in the US and then beginning internationally as well. It's absolutely a groundbreaking change for the ability for agencies with their real-time crime centers and command staff and even right in the dispatch center to get unparalleled situational awareness by partnering with CCTV cameras from [enterprise] (ph) and the like. So right out of the box, it is just selling and growing like gangbusters. And it's a fundamental part as we go forward of our overall real-time operations vision you've heard us talk about for a long time where our real strategy is to provide the best full stack and open ecosystem we can to help agencies with the entire lifecycle of an incident. And it's ultimately about our play to earn the right to win more sockets, meaning win more sensors, and win that pane of glass where they review the information from those sensors, and to win more and more communications moments as both first responders and the businesses where things happen work together to resolve as quickly as possible things when they occur.
Josh Riley: Got it, that's helpful. And then just a quick follow-up on the TASER 10 automation. Is that going to also benefit unit growth in addition to benefiting margins?
Brittany Bagley: I would say it does, yes. The more automation we have, the more it helps our capacity. I would say that's pretty much factored in as we think about next year though. So I wouldn't necessarily expect any surprises coming from that.
Josh Riley: Got it. Thanks guys.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Josh. Keith Housum at Northcoast, you're up.
Keith Housum: Yeah, thanks guys. Appreciate it. Can you guys unpack international a little bit more. Perhaps I missed this in the release. Perhaps talk about, if you don't mind, some trends that you're seeing with international. Obviously, I know there's a very strong bookings [query] (ph) for your last quarter. But how did it look this quarter both in bookings and are we starting to see some of that revenue that you booked last year come to fruition?
Josh Isner: Yeah, thanks a lot, Keith, and great question. So we're super excited about the quarter we had in terms of bookings last quarter, I believe it was a record -- a new record in terms of booking. So the team's executing in terms of writing orders and driving a lot of the momentum in market. But there's just some noise around when the revenue recognition will occur. And I'd expect that to fluctuate a little bit more than it does in the US because you've got things like country by country approval of TASER 10. And so even if a customer wants it, in some cases, purchased it, they need to wait till all the testing completes till they can take delivery of it. In the video business, there's longer lead times on implementations because there's -- you're deploying to a country, a national government, not a city in a lot of cases. So the amount of sites and the amount of work and clearances you'll need to do that work is considerable. And so, all to say, the revenue will continue to be lumpy quarter to quarter based on shipment times and based on implementations. But, from where we sit, as long as the bookings number continues to drive, that revenue will fall -- it start to add up and fall to the bottom line in terms of EBITDA dollars as well. So we're certainly excited about it. The team has got the wind at their back after a couple of years of really trying to build more of an apparatus in continental Europe and we're starting to see the fruits of that labor pay off. So, the future is bright for international. Nothing's really changed in terms of our outlook or perspective on that, but there will be some peaks and valleys in terms of the rev rec over the course of the year.
Keith Housum: And, Josh, maybe this one's for you as well, but in terms of the [Technical Difficulty] obviously you guys spent a lot of time on that again in the release today. But are you seeing new products and what's the strategy in terms of growing corrections and how you guys achieve the success you are having?
Josh Isner: Yeah, certainly, Keith. We think the foundation of it, not different from any of our other segments, is tasers and body cams, but things like Fusus, things like drones, both indoor and outdoor, those are VR training and corrections. Those are investments we're currently making and we really believe are a great fit for corrections. And up till now, we've really talked about corrections as a domestic and state and local function. There's large corrections opportunity in federal, there's a large corrections opportunity in international. And I think all of those potential products fitting in is not unique to domestic. So certainly we're excited about that. And we believe, especially after the feedback we've been getting on some of our early meetings on some of these new products with corrections, that there is a lot of interest and those will fuel some growth in that segment.
Keith Housum: Great, thank you.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Keith. We're going to take our next question from Meta Marshall at Morgan Stanley. You're up.
Meta Marshall: Great. Thanks. Maybe, you talked initially just about kind of the drone business maybe not contributing necessarily this year. I just wanted to kind of get an update on, you had quotes in terms of feedback that you had gotten from certain customers, but just what are some of the hurdles to kind of greater drone adoption and just kind of an update on what was going on with the integration of Sky-Hero or just kind of early traction there? And then maybe just a second question just to kind of give them all at once. Just on -- it sounds like there's a little bit going on with headquarters decision. Just, is there a kind of drop-dead deadline when you're hoping to kind of make a decision on what city to do the expansion in? Thanks.
Rick Smith: All right, let me take that and I'll start with the drones. I think drones is an area where, again, we see tremendous long-term opportunity. Near term, there's a couple of different issues that have slowed, that are sort of, I think, were pre-inflection points, shall we say. So on the outdoor drones, there's a growing interest in drone as a first responder, namely -- today the way they deploy drones is the police drive up in their patrol car, then they open the trunk, they take out the drone and they fly the drone around. That doesn't give nearly as much benefit, right? Cause you've already got to get on scene to use the drone and then frankly from an officer safety perspective it's not necessarily great to be standing around staring at a drone controller. I think where the market wants to go is this idea of drone as a first responder where the drone is deployed from a fixed facility, flies to the scene and gets there before officers can. That started in Chula Vista, California. Shout out to Chief Roxana Kennedy there who really started this. We're seeing that, it is in the early stages of an exponential doubling pattern. Every year we're seeing about double the agencies doing drone as a first responder. It went from single digits to now in the tens of agencies doing it. In order for that to really take off, we need a little more clarity from the FAA on agencies being able to fly beyond visual line of sight, to be able to fly the drone safely. Today, if you want to fly drone as a first responder, most of the time you have to have a police officer standing on the roof under an umbrella, watching the drone fly into the distance. We have through one of our other partnerships with Dedrone, that is the world leader in drone tracking and counter-drone, we've invested in that. We've partnered with them. Dedrone gives you the ability, the NFL stadiums use it to track all the drones around NFL stadiums. And Ukraine is buying a ton of these to track drones for obvious reasons. We have some pilots we're doing where Dedrone is coupled with drone as a first responder. So instead of a human being watching into the distance, they can't see a drone beyond a couple hundred meters, we can actually track those drones in the airspace with this integrated solution. And we think that is going to be foundational to really letting drones really grow. Actually, let me pause for a second. I just may have had a technical correction for me on the growth rate. I guess we're going to be conservative. It was more than a doubling this year, but it was off a small base. So again, we're seeing really early exponential growth in DFR. Now when we think about indoor drones, Sky-Hero, when we acquired them, so one of the downsides of being a big company is we have lots of lawyers to make sure that we're very compliant and that's obviously a good thing most of the time. But for example, we discovered that Sky-Hero had some challenges in that the bands of energy they were using for RF transmission to get through the walls to be able to fly indoor effectively were outside of the acceptable bands under the FCC here in the United States. So we've had to actually pause selling on a temporary basis while we are working to get approval from the FCC and an exemption on being able to sell those to state and local in the US. But again, we didn't buy Sky-Hero for the near-term revenue. It's really about the relationships they have with the world's leading SWAT teams and tactical users, and we believe that's the foundation on which we can build transformative new capabilities. So part of it is just kind of getting, with Sky-Hero, now they're part of a bigger organization. The good news is, we've got both teams focused on international legal compliance. So we're kind of upping their game from a compliance and legality standpoint. Meanwhile, they're bringing their, I would say, young scrappy innovation. I mean, these guys built a profitable drone business with a very small team. Not many people have done that. And I'd say the magic is happening. They're working with our design team. And I'd say over the next couple of years, I'd say maybe a two to five year horizon, you'll start to see some pretty mind-blowing stuff coming out of our indoor tactical drones as well as our outdoor DFR. I think those are the two biggest segments, being able to fly outdoor drones without humans on site and then being able to go into buildings and use drones in the most dangerous situations.
Josh Isner: That's right. And there's also a really exciting hybrid between the sort of drone in a trunk thing Rick talked about and full DFR as the whole industry tries to sort of find their way forward as fast as they can. And this is a thing that actually, Adam Bry, the CEO of one of our other partners, Skydio, and he and I talked together about it, their keynote of their launch a few months ago of their newest drone, where you combine the physical drone being with a patrol officer who can go to scene, but then the instant that they need it, you have that remote pilot who's able to manage it on scene in a DFR style. And so what you're seeing is innovation and experimentation to try to move as fast as possible while navigating around these various short-term constraints. And so it's just a keep watching the space.
Rick Smith: The last thing actually, I do want to add one more thing to all this complexity, the shifting sands between the United States and China is also creating another just change in the marketplace. So DJI was by far the dominant hardware provider, and we have chosen to partner with many different hardware providers. Initially, we were partnered with DJI, that's no longer very viable because the US government federally will not buy any DJI hardware and states are now passing similar laws. So we see up and coming folks like Skydio that have really just recently gotten to what I would say is a competitive hardware platform to DJI for the outdoor drone use case. We partnered with a company out of Switzerland called Fotokite that does tethered drones. So each of these things have created some short-term shifts in the marketplace, but we think the foundation is going be firming up over the next couple of years to see this go from really awesome concepts to significant businesses.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks so much.
Erik Lapinski: And then, Rick, did you want to answer the second question as well on the new headquarters timing?
Rick Smith: Yeah, we hope to have a decision by sometime this summer to make the call. This has kind of [dragged] (ph) on for a while, so we're -- we like to get moving on it.
Meta Marshall: Perfect, thanks.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Meta. We'll take our next question from Mike Latimore at Northland.
Mike Latimore: All right, thank you. So within the cloud category, you have the digital evidence management, real-time operations, productivity software. Would their relative contributions to growth in 2024 be noticeably different than what you saw in ‘23?
Josh Isner: So the question, just so I'm clear on it, Mike, is what type of growth are we looking at for 2024 relative to ‘23 in our software offerings?
Mike Latimore: Yeah, among those three, does one get more pronounced in ’24?
Josh Isner: Yeah. Jeff, feel free to follow on with your thoughts. But my instinct is DEMS is essentially built out, and we're on the right track there and we'll continue to build out that ecosystem into new markets and so forth. But, productivity is really the one that stands out to me as the huge opportunity for the year. I think we've bared all the pain of coming to market with enterprise software, especially historically custom enterprise software over the last couple of years. And now we really believe we found product market fit when we deploy this product to customers. We're getting fewer calls in the weeks following that are, hey, this didn't quite work the way we thought it would, or a new feature request, whatever the case may be. Customers are very, very happy with their early experiences with the product. And now we feel like, hey, we can start to dump a little more gasoline on the fire and deploy faster across more customers in a year. And then, the one aid of that, I'd say, is our response product, which is our live streaming product. And that's part of our real time operations pillar. And there, that's all the live streaming from the body camera that's where Fusus slots in as well. There's interesting things we can do you know between Fusus and in our DEMS -- sorry, our real-time products. So yeah, very excited about each of those. But in the short term, I think you know the biggest growth relative to 2023 year-over-year will come from productivity.
Jeff Kunins: Yeah, that's right. Thanks, Josh. All of those are incredibly exciting. I think the reason why we call it productivity is it is not only -- while it also includes our straight up product for full classic RMS replacement, it's really -- the vision there is all of the things that relate to helping, as Rick talked about in his intro, saving time and giving hours and minutes and moments back for officers to be out in the field, helping communities be better as opposed to doing paperwork or other things. And so there's an exciting story on multiple fronts there. First, you've heard us talk for a long time about transcription and transcription has been steadily and steadily and steadily been being adopted even for the straight-up use of looking at a single body camera video at a time, and being able to scrub through the video and see and search through the transcript of just that one video. And now, as that gets adopted more and more, we can build incredible new functionality on top of that using AI and other things. And so stay tuned for future announcements in that regard, but that keeps mixing up in customer [delight] (ph) and customer adoption. On [pure] (ph) records, as Josh said, now we've got more than 100 agencies who are live with at least one module of Axon records, including a rapidly still growing of those who have done their full RMS replacement, as well as a bunch that are using that Axon Standards product, which is the use of force module, which is the easiest thing for them to get started with alongside, even before they've made the full replacement of their RMS. So we're just incredibly excited about the trajectory and the momentum and the acceleration there.
Mike Latimore: Great. Thanks. And Just on the future contracted revenue, 15% to 25% in next 12 months. Can you just talk a little bit about the variables that would move that 15% versus 25%?
Brittany Bagley: It's really about average contract length inside of that future contracted revenue. That's sort of the variable between the 15% versus the 25%.
Josh Isner: And, Brittany, would you also say it's the number of TAP upgrades of hardware that would ship in a current year? So our upgrade cycle…
Brittany Bagley: Yeah.
Josh Isner: …is 2.5 years. So if we have a outsized number of contracts that year where these customers hit 2.5, we'll see more revenue because we're shipping all that upgraded hardware. And if it's a year where it's more software and the upgrade is next year, then that will be closer to 15% versus the 25%.
Mike Latimore: Okay.
Erik Lapinski: All right. Thanks, Mike. We've got one minute left. We'll go to Jeremy Hamblin for our last question at Craig-Hallum. I believe he dialed in on the phone. Jeremy, can you hear us?
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes, thanks. Hopefully you can hear me. Congrats on your strong results. Just in terms of -- I wanted to, just sorry if I missed the explanation on this already, but in terms of TASER automation impact in thinking about what that can do for gross margin on that product line, both in the second half of ‘24 but also then as we get beyond into ‘25, can you just provide me with a little bit of color on that?
Brittany Bagley: Yeah, of course. So I think the TASER automation as well as initiatives that we're doing around cost improvements are a lot of what gives us comfort talking about how we think we'll have moderate gross margin improvement for 2024. And then we don't have any long-term margin guidance out beyond that. Our long-term guidance beyond ’24 is really focused on the 20% revenue CAGR and the 25% adjusted EBITDA margins.
Jeremy Hamblin: But just following up, specific to that product line and not necessarily thinking about it in terms of total company, what is the -- if you undertake a project like that, what is the kind of the goal of the range of outcomes in doing that?
Brittany Bagley: I think the goal and the range is to really improve the TASER 10 margins, so that you see sort of stable TASER gross margins over time rather than some of the fluctuations that you've seen. But again, we don't have a long-term target out there specifically for TASER gross margins.
Jeremy Hamblin: Got it. And then last one quick here. In terms of your kind of TAM penetration and opportunities, and as we think about, I think with Slide 15, if you look at adoption rates in rest of Europe versus your Commonwealth, I don't know exactly the timing, but in terms of thinking about the success that you've had in Commonwealth versus what you're seeing in rest of Europe, can you give us a sense for how that timeline is playing out versus when you kind of had some breakthrough contracts that you won maybe at this point, seven, eight, nine years ago? Just trying to get a sense for how that might play out.
Josh Isner: Yeah, thank you, Jeremy. And it's nice to hear from you. I would say it's really a tale of two product lines there. On the TASER side, we're actually seeing Continental Europe already start to outpace the Commonwealth countries in pockets. And so, we're really excited about that. We had some large orders last quarter on the TASER side and we see the path here where, the nice thing is, in these Commonwealth countries, they're set up much more like the United States, where they either have states or territories or whatever the case may be. Some of these larger markets in Europe, they buy from the federal level. And so the order volumes are just much higher and you can really build with one customer with a much bigger kind of white space in front of you. And so we do believe you'll start to see Continental Europe really rival or outperform the Commonwealth markets as soon as this year or in the coming years. On the cloud side, that's where the Commonwealth were very early adopters, really across the board, UK, Australia, and Canada. And in Europe, I don't think it's secret, it's been slow. And maybe slower than we would have expected upfront. I'd say that's fair to say, but at the same time, we've really zeroed in on three markets in continental Europe where we really are starting to break through on the cloud. We've got trials going on or paid pilots even. And there, I think our thesis is, there's plenty of work to do and plenty of upside just amongst those few markets, but having a few really break through in the next year or two will be the kind of tailwind we need to start to steepen that adoption curve in other markets as well. So still some work to do on the cloud side, although we're seeing some really encouraging signs there. And on the TASER side, I think things are happening as we speak, which is encouraging.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great, thanks for taking the questions. Good luck this year, guys.
Josh Isner: Thank you, Jeremy. We'll see you in a few months at your conference.
Erik Lapinski: Thanks, Jeremy. All right, we're going to take it over to Rick to close this out.
Rick Smith: All right, thank you to our investors for joining. Thank you to our incredible employees that I'm so fortunate to work with. Thank you to our new team members from Fusus and Sky-Hero. And actually today, we had one of our employees who had joined through an acquisition of iNPUT-ACE a few years ago. And I was just delighted to hear one of the things that is really important to me is that those new team members and employees find a new and exciting home where they want to stay. We don't buy companies because we're going to go in and slash and burn, cut costs and make money through the traditional synergies. We buy these companies because they are critical to our mission, their people are doing great work, they're innovating in ways that we're excited, we'll continue to inject that sort of late stage startup energy back into our own bloodstream and keep us going. So couldn't be more excited and grateful for the team of investors, employees we've got. Was out with Chris today showing Fusus to some customers and maybe some things Jeff was hinting at. I might need our redaction tool to cut out all the positive expletives I got today on some of our new capabilities. There's never been a brighter time to be at Axon and I can't wait for the rest of the year to unfold. I can't wait to be at Accelerate here in about a month. And I look forward to talking to you all again in May. So, thanks and have a great night.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hi, everyone. Welcome to our Third Quarter Earnings Call. Thank you so much for joining us. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build on the information in our shareholder letter, which was published at investor.axon.com after the market closed. So we hope you all had a chance to read that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and we discuss these risks in our SEC filings. Okay, every quarter we start you off with an earnings video and we do this so you can get -- so you look and feel for our business quarter-by-quarter. And so we're so excited this quarter we're going to double-click on our federal business, which is a very exciting expansion opportunity for us. So, last month, we had a great showing at the AUSA Conference, which is the Association of the United States Army Annual Conference. So we're going to play a video. We're going to take you there. It's about two minutes and then we'll turn it over to Rick. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you, AJ, and great job to Richard and his team at AUSA. It's truly exciting to see the energy that our team brings to these events. I was on the ground at AUSA and I'm super excited about what Richard Coleman and our entire federal team is doing. Welcome everyone to our third quarter 2023 earnings call. It's great to be coming back to you with another fantastic quarter. We also celebrated the company's 30th anniversary in September. Let me take a big step back for a moment and reflect on our founding ethos and how that translates to today. We've just driven seven consecutive quarters of 30%-plus revenue growth while a growing profitability. And the formula has been very simple. First, we start by identifying a challenge or a problem that our customers face. Staying very close to our customers is part of our secret sauce. Every company says that, but we've institutionalized through frequent technology summits at our headquarters where we bring in a couple of dozen customers at a time to listen to them and to share with them our prototypes and ideas that might not even be products until 2025 or later. We also have an annual user conference. Our engineers go on ride-alongs and sit-alongs and we foster many other touch points with our customers. I cannot overstate the importance of calibrating research and development decisions off of direct customer feedback. When we develop alongside our customers, it helps us get it right on the big picture like moving towards robotics security, virtual reality, fused intelligence, for example, and also helps us get it right on the millions of small details and user experience decisions to create a delightful product for our customers. This should reassure you, our investors, that our investment decisions are sound. They are geared towards products that customers want and they've told us that they will buy and it's designed to drive growth for years to come. We also stay close to the forefront of the innovation curve. So we can identify how a technology can make things better, or fix problems entirely. This is how we were the first to evangelize cloud software to public safety in the early 2010s and why we believe we'll be first introducing generative AI tools in the 2020s. Our engineers are some of the best and brightest in technology. Like me, they are energized to go out and fix problems and they work hard at it. As a result, we end up with undeniably best-in-class product market fit. Strong relationships with our customers and employees who are motivated to partner with our customers to drive their success. Our growth today is driven by decisions we made five years ago. And while we enjoy an undeniable time advantage, while competitors are trying to catch up, we're now thinking five years ahead. We believe the R&D decisions we're making today will continue to drive growth for decades to come. And then, of course, we must execute on all fronts. So that's the formula, customer closeness, plus long-term vision, plus day-to-day execution, equals value-creation across the board, for the public, for Axon, for our employees and for our shareholders. It's a winning equation and we're excited about that decade ahead of us. Before I turn it over to Josh, I'd be remiss if I did not acknowledge the wake of escalating global events. These conflicts, wars, violence, and unspeakable acts, we're all seeing them today. We commiserate in the pain and suffering many people are facing around the world and because we are a globally connected company, the personal pain faced by our own employees and many of you listening to this call. Axon's mission, our mission is to protect life and we're focused on continuing to execute and grow that mission. You're up, Josh.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. Every quarter here at Axon, leaves me more impressed with our team. As Rick highlighted, we just reported our seventh consecutive quarter with over 30% top-line growth. This kind of growth does not happen automatically. It's fueled by our ability to drive value to our customers and the momentum we have built over many years. While I'm pleased with our results for the quarter, I'll share with you a few things that keep me confident in the long term. First, I'd like to share my vision of where we will execute over the next five-plus years. We mainly sell into four key customer categories; state and local, U.S. Federal, International, and Enterprise. Each of those has a different path for how we tackle go-to-market, yet the overarching way to think about Axon is we are building the operating system for public safety and security across the board. A few years ago, we would say that we envisioned every officer carrying a TASER device or an Axon body camera and having a seat on our software network. As we built out this network, the vision, as you can see it, is expanding, so that from when -- so that from when an officer first interacts with the civilian to when a case is adjudicated, we are powering that workflow from start to finish. We have the team and the capability and we're going to continue to challenge ourselves to execute on that vision. And we remain really excited about the opportunities that we're seeing in state and local. Agencies across the United States are facing growing challenges. They're understaffed, navigating increasing training requirements and have to do one of the most difficult jobs in the world every day. This segment remains our core and we are investing and delivering solutions to help our customers. We brought two new devices to market this year, invested in productivity-enhancing software features and relaunched a disruptive VR training portfolio. When I think about our mission to protect life and look at the inefficiencies in the existing training landscape today, I think VR can be one of our most exciting long-term opportunities. We're also spinning up more customers on our records product, getting TASER 10 in the hands of early adopters and ramping shipments of Axon Body 4. Something I find particularly encouraging is our new order book for TASER 10. I've talked about my excitement here for the past few quarters and even my expectations have been exceeded. Simply put, we have found product market fit very quickly and the credit goes to Rick and our TASER pillar team led by Pat Madden for driving tremendous early results. Orders for TASER 10 after three quarters have already surpassed the first six quarters of TASER 7 orders, even as I read that boggles my mind. That means three quarters in, our TASER 10 orders are pacing at over 4 times the order rate we saw for TASER 7. What is encouraging is our top three TASER 10 orders, each came from customers outside of our core state and local base, two being international customers and one in corrections. Another customer area that has me confident in our long-term strategy is our U.S. federal business, as you just saw in the video. Our products are meeting the needs in several applications for federal customers where safety goes beyond the traditional state and localities and expands into the global footprint of our military bases where we can help protect those who have chosen to protect us. Five of our top 10 deals booked in the quarter came from federal customers, growing from a base of essentially zero a few years ago. Finally, I will talk about the traction we are seeing internationally, which grew 52% in Q3. We think international is one of the largest opportunities in front of us today and we are evangelizing the cloud, higher in country heads in new markets and spending a lot of time growing our brand and presence overseas. We've got line-of-sight into a strong close to our year and we are building pipeline to support long-term growth. It's been an incredible journey and it's easy to look back at what we've accomplished so far, but we don't spend a lot of time on that stuff at Axon. We're onto the next play. Now, I will turn it over to Brittany to go through our financials in more details. Brittany?
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. We are pleased to report another strong quarter of top-line revenue growth and improving profitability in 2023. Q3 2022 was my first earnings call with Axon, and we were still talking about hitting an adjusted EBITDA dollar target. So watching the team move seamlessly the margins over-deliver and drop significantly more to the bottom line has been an exciting change that we're all proud of. I continue to be impressed each quarter by our team and the focus on operational excellence. We set hard expectations for ourselves and we exceeded them again in Q3. Our topline revenue grew 33% year-over-year and we saw adjusted EBITDA margins expand to 22.2%, which is 35% year-over-year growth. Software remains the largest driver of growth in our business with our cloud and services revenue growing 55% year-over-year. Our software business model remains a powerful growth engine. Our customers subscribe to a bundle of our products. And over time, we improved these products and delivered more new features and technology enhancements. Our strong software growth is tied to multiple drivers. We see growth from new customers, who sign new licenses and adopt feature add-ons. We also see many existing customers expanding their needs and growing with us over time. This is a result of our relentless focus on solving customer problems and driving innovation in the ecosystem as Rick discussed. You see that impact in our excellent net revenue retention rate of 122% and ARR growth of 54%. Axon cloud and services revenue is now 36% of total revenue, compared to 31% last year. We are also seeing our new hardware product launches drive growth in our business. TASER 10 grew more than 50% sequentially, representing healthy demand and our ability to scale to meet that demand. Axon Body 4 made up the majority of our body camera shipments in the quarter and drove our growth in devices along with continued strength in Fleet 3, supporting 45% annual growth in our sensors hardware business. Our third-quarter gross margin of 61.7% exceeded our expectations on a higher mix of software revenue. Relative to last year, we saw our margins mix down slightly on increased TASER 10 revenue, as well as increased revenue from sensors and professional services. We expect this impact to continue in Q4 with margins slightly below Q2 and Q3, on mix. Turning to operating expenses. We saw some leverage from both R&D and SG&A supporting expansion in our adjusted EBITDA margin. We continue to invest to ensure we are positioned for a multiyear growth opportunity and to support the continued scaling of our business. As I turn to our guidance, you will note our strengthening outlook on both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We are pleased to increase our outlook again. We expect revenue for the fourth quarter to be in the range of $417 million to $420 million and fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin to be approximately 20%. Our Q4 guidance implies an increase in our full-year revenue outlook to approximately $1.55 billion or 30% growth year-over-year, which is up from our prior guidance of $1.51 billion to $1.53 billion or 27% to 29% growth. Our fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA margin guidance implies a full-year adjusted EBITDA margin expectation of approximately 20.8% or $322 million. This outlook is raised from our prior expectation of approximately 20% adjusted EBITDA margin for the full-year or $302 million to $306 million. Our increased revenue guidance factors and growing demand we are seeing across our product categories, including our premium bundle offerings and the successfully executed launches of TASER 10 and Axon Body 4. For 2024 and beyond, we remain confident in our ability to scale globally to unlock new customer segments and to introduce even more new products that drive highly profitable revenue growth. And with that, I would like to open it up to questions.
A - Andrea James: Thank you. Can we go into gallery view, please?
Unidentified Company Representative: [Technical Difficulty]
Andrea James: Let's take our first question from Keith Housum at Northcoast. Go ahead, Keith.
Keith Housum: Good morning -- good afternoon, guys. Appreciate it. In terms of your guidance for the fourth quarter, you know, level precision that we have traditionally not seen from you guys with the $417 million to $420 million, I guess, perhaps comment on what gives you the, I guess, the level-off of that level of precision today and then what has to happen in order for you guys to perhaps, you know, be at the top end or ups even exceed that guidance?
Brittany Bagley: I think a lot of what you're seeing is, we're just coming into our fourth quarter. And so there's only one quarter left in the year. As we look at that range in terms of what we're seeing on revenue, it just doesn't give a particularly wide range as you look back at the full year. So the look at the full year looks more precise and more tight based on what we're looking at for Q4. And then in terms of, you know, what we're baking in for Q4 or what we would need to see, it's really our, you know, estimate looking at our pipeline of customer deals we think we have in the quarter. We have good momentum, as you've seen across TASER 10, across Axon Body 4. And so we're factoring those in as we look at Q4, as well as, you know, we what we think we'll be able to do from a software standpoint. So again, it's the best guess. We don't always know what perfectly, but that's what we're looking at as we look at Q4 guidance.
Keith Housum: Great. I appreciate it. I'll turn it back over. Thanks.
Andrea James: Great, thanks. That's great. And if you are on this call, we've got you. So you can -- you don't have to put your hands up and we will be calling on you in the order that the random number generator selected. Okay, Trevor Walsh at JMP. You are up next.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks, team, for taking my question. Rick, maybe for you or even Josh, feel free to jump in. So I know IACP is a pretty, you know, major event for you guys and large builder of pipeline. What were you just hearing from customers there in terms of, you know, priorities for them both kind of finishing out the year, but then looking into '24 and where you see budgets sort of going around either a particular product or just a particular use case of what there, you know, if there was anything that kind of stood out in terms of kind of what's top of mind for customers coming out of that event. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Let me start first. The thing that I heard there was most interesting this year was customers really embracing the full ecosystem. So if I go back maybe three years ago, as we were really scaling, I think we had some customers that were saying, well, jeez, you know, I don't know how much of my tech stack. I want to put with one vendor like you guys are getting to be a big part of our tech stack and what I heard this year was pretty universally customers not saying that but saying, you know, we can't wait to deploy dispatch, for example, and these are customers who've never seen what we're doing in dispatch and we're still in the early innings there. But the feedback was, we've had such good luck when we deploy products and technology from Axon. It all just works so well and the customer services is so good. So that was a really intriguing thing to me to feel that shift in dynamic where customers were just saying, you know, we've done enough of this now and it just works so well when we go with you. We -- I had several chiefs at pretty big cities say, I would love to just be able to run my whole department on Axon because I trust you guys will deliberate and it will be both excellent and we'll give me new capabilities, you know, that maybe I have even thought of yet. So that was really a positive general sentiment. Josh, you want to...
Josh Isner: Yes, I'd just add. I think, you know, it was an incredible combination of amazing reception around our newer products, specifically VR, TASER 10 and Axon Records. But then an equally awesome reception to kind of the early showcase products that have not hit the market yet, which gives us a lot of confidence going into the next couple of years here that the things that we will be rolling out have, you know, already, you know, the perception of really good product market fit and should have a lot of demand associated with them. Of course, we've got to do a lot on our end to execute well and to make sure we go all the way to the finish line on those products. But that's always a really exciting thing to see when what you're building resonates so clearly with our customers.
Rick Smith: The last one, I'd want to add in. Just to go into a little microcosm in terms of the detail was. I think this was the year that VR flipped from sort of conceptually interesting to ready for prime time. You know, we decided to wait for the all-in-one headsets. We didn't -- we did not, you know, want to push out a few years ago when installing VR meant room-based sensors and more complexity. We felt waiting for the all-in-ones was going to mean you could deploy a much greater scale. Now, that meant we had to do a lot of hardware development to make our TASER weapons work in a virtual world and, you know, some of the early things we tried were spaced around hand tracking just using motion sensors and to be honest, that was -- we were sort of getting feedback from our customers. It was pretty buggy. So we bit the bullet -- bit the bullet about 18 months ago to go all in on developing specialized hardware with the integrated infrared tracking lights, They're the same that are in the native HTC or Oculus controllers. And that has just gotten phenomenal customer feedback, where, oh my gosh, this just works, it's very accurate, it's no longer getting -- sort of buggy and needs to be recalibrated. So I think that was pretty exciting in terms of the near-term stuff that I think we've just had another product sort of crossover from that early developmental product market fit phase to where now it's just dialing it in, getting more hardware launched and scaling content.
Trevor Walsh: Great. Thanks, both, for the color, and congrats on a solid quarter. Appreciate the time.
Rick Smith: Thanks.
Andrea James: Thank you. And as I'm going down my list here, if you have video off as a courtesy, I'm not calling on you. So if you do want me to call on you, just come on video when you're ready to be called on. Joe Cardoso at JPMorgan. You're up next. Go ahead, Joe.
Joe Cardoso: Thanks for the question, guys. Yes. So maybe a couple questions rolled into one. You showed the video in the beginning and talked to the opportunity in federal space or the military space. Can you outline perhaps the drivers as to why this opportunity is materializing in a more material way nowadays? Maybe how large this opportunity could be for you guys and, you know, which offerings are really resonating with the military folks? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yes, so, I would start out by saying what's resonating is our existing product suite, which has been more focused on like military policing and protecting basis. You know, this year, I think the -- I saw the light bulb click at AUSA. In previous years it felt like we were, maybe a little bit of an outsider company from, you know, from over in law enforcement that was coming into federal. This year it felt like we were home. The promotional video showing how you use live streaming cameras, counter drone, you know, TASER 10, all in an integrated way. Our vehicle-based, you know, fleet solutions, our partnership with Fusus on integrating multiple cameras from both, you know, partner agencies as well as existing agency, really resonated to where it just -- it felt like people saw what we could do in base security. What I'm really excited about for the future is, we want to get into combat operations. And, you know, you may first say, well, jeez, you know, if your mission is to protect life, why would you want to do that? Well, because I believe successful military operations in the future will be those that kill the least, right? We racked up a big body count in Vietnam, and it didn't work. We killed a lot of people in Iraq and Afghanistan. And the more people we killed, the less successful our mission was. You look at what's happening in the Middle East right now with Israel. You know, imagine if they had more precise drones and robotics that could be going into those tunnels rather than dropping 2000 pound bombs with tons of collateral damage. You know, we will stay true to our mission to protect life. And I think, look, when I wrote my book the End of Killing, I believe we were closer to the end of war than it turned out. I was tragically and catastrophically wrong. You are seeing what's happening in Ukraine. But I think, you know, I wrote, I believe, in our shareholder newsletter last year or so. Imagine if we had invested in counter-material drones that we could have provided to the Ukrainians, where those drones would go out with fully autonomous artificial intelligence, not to kill people, to avoid people, but to destroy equipment. You know, if you could have brought 150,000 Russians to have to walk home because we destroyed the treads and the barrels and the engines on their equipment, while minimizing human casualties, you know, we think about, we have plenty of lethality. We're not giving a lot of it to the Ukrainians because we're actually trying to toe the line of not over-escalating. And I believe that sort of general thought process, how do we deescalate the level of violence and death to accomplish our nation's priorities and those of other sort of civilized nations is a huge opportunity. And this year at AUSA, for the first time, I had some conversations with people in senior positions in the military and military development programs, and I got a different emotional reaction. Now that's going to be years off. But I think the message is starting to resonate. You know, no matter what the mission is, killing should always be a last resort, and we should put a lot more creativity into how we accomplish our mission while minimizing the loss of life.
Brittany Bagley: Just to follow up with some stats, you'll see some of these in the shareholder letter, but we have pegged the TAM, our total addressable market for federal at about $10 billion. And the other exciting fact we shared this quarter is that five of the top 10 deals we booked were in our federal business. And we've given a couple of examples of where we're getting really nice traction with federal customers. So the VA has gone live on Axon Records. The Department of Homeland Security has an IDIQ for our body-worn cameras and our software. The U.S. Army is renewing its TASER modernization program, and our first TASR contract with the US Federal government agency has been signed. So we're really seeing the momentum from the customers in the deals we're doing and in the bookings and think there's a pretty large opportunity out there just from an addressable market size to everything. Rick talked to.
Rick Smith: Totally and to speak to the timing a little bit, I think, you know, key, as you heard Josh talk about before, to our market expansion and our flywheel overall is this simple, you know, two-phase approach to every new market, which is, first, we earn the right to sell to a new class of customers by taking our existing products and tailoring them in the ways that are needed to make them resonate and have product market fit with that new customer segment while we build out that sales channel. And then once we've done that and have brought them into the fold as an existing customer segment we're strong with, then we've earned the right to go even bigger by building bespoke new products that are really tailored especially for that market segment. And that story is playing out resoundingly in federal. So over the last several years, we've made tons of investments in the background, laying pipe with things like FedRAMP Compliance, FedRAMP Moderate, then FedRAMP High, and IL4 and towards IL5, all of those sorts of things, as well as hundreds of small little adjustments to all of our core hardware and software products to make them viable and ready exactly for these federal customers. And a great example of that is the VA going nationally live with Axon Records this quarter. And then what you'll start to see over time that opens us up into more of that TAM as well in addition to selling more and more of our existing, you'll see us start to develop bespoke SKUs and product lines that are even more tailored just for federal.
Josh Isner: Yes, I want to come back on one last thing. I don't want my comment to be misinterpreted. When we, for example, say we want to drive down police shootings, we're not passing judgment on whether police are justified or not. And similarly, with what's happening in Gaza right now, I'm not passing any judgment about the appropriateness of the use of force. The fact is, I think what the Israelis are facing right now is in order to get the military targets they're going after. Those targets are embedded deeply in civilian. They're intentionally buried in civilian epicenters. And so if you could imagine a world where a modern military could go in and put everybody to sleep and then sort out the good people from the bad people without a loss of life, that would be an amazingly important capability. Now, of course, I'm doing the imaginary end state of putting people gently to sleep. But there are steps we can begin to think about being much more precise in ways that are certainly causing less collateral damage and less lethality. And those are problems that get us really excited, because I think we're seeing today's technology puts people in unwinnable situations with catastrophic outcomes. And we think, you know, us and other technologists need to give warfighters and police and everybody better tools to be able to do the legitimate jobs that governments need to do to protect their people without such, you know, technology just requires inflicting a lot of death.
Joseph Cardoso: No, makes sense. Rick, I appreciate all the color, guys. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thank you. Next, Will Power at Baird. You are up, Will.
Will Power: All right, great, thanks. Yes, I want to shift gears to international, another area where you saw nice growth in the quarter. It'd be great just to, you know, have you kind of unpacked, you know, what's driving that. And I'd be interested to know, is body camera, you know, four starting to help lead that? Is TASER 10 starting to lead that? What are the adoption trends look like there across the new products? And what are you kind of leading with in any particular geographic areas that are standing out for you?
Josh Isner: Sure. Nice to see you, Will. And thanks for the question. I would say, it's -- there's a couple kind of different threads to the story here. The first one is that in our Tier 1 markets, which we talk about a lot, the U.K., Canada and Australia, those markets were just seeing wider adoption of the Axon network. So it's not only about TASERs and body cams and Dems, it's about our DEMS, DEMS add-ons, and it's about Axon Fleet and Axon Interview Room and moving toward Axon Records. So we're really excited about just the proliferation of our products into those markets that mirror the U.S. most similarly. And then we've got, you know, essentially a number of other markets that are starting to adopt one Axon product for the first time. A lot of the momentum has been on the TASER side, but more recently, we're actually starting to see some really encouraging signs in a few European markets adopting the cloud for the first time. So the growth of our international business will really be driven by continued execution in the Tier 1 markets, but starting to see more, you know, historically, you know, rest of world markets start to look a lot more like those markets where, you know, they're adopting cloud, they're adopting TASER, they're using DEMS, they value body cameras and other, you know, wearables and camera technology. And just the combination of those things is really going to provide that, you know, foundation of growth for the international business. I still believe, you know, it's very possible, you know, over the next five to seven years that our international business could be rivaling our U.S. business in terms of bookings. And, you know, once we get to that point, feel really good about the revenue catching up over time. So that's really our focus right now, Will.
Rick Smith: Hey, Josh. One thing I'd like to add there is, it's sort of fun to watch the company develop where there's some really healthy internal competition. Our software started out really as an enabler for body cameras. And I remember, we got -- it's maybe five or six years ago, there was a rallying cry, like, we need our software to stand on its own. It's best in class. And so the country of Scotland, basically their biggest move with us was not even with body cameras. It was digital evidence management for their entire ecosystem. And they're not really even using our body cameras at scale. So each area of the business, it all works better together. But we're now seeing the level of maturity across each of the subsegments to where they're winning best in class on their own. And that gives us multiple ways to try to enter any new market.
Will Power: If I can maybe just follow up quickly. You know, international, you know, has been lumpier generally, I think, for you, all over a period of years, and yet it sounds like for your comments, you're seeing, you know, broader traction across a broader, you know, set of products. But how are you thinking about the broader pipeline internationally versus maybe where you were one or two years ago? That might provide confidence that this could be a more sustainable, you know, area of growth above the corporate average.
Josh Isner: Sure, yes. Our Head of International Sales, named Chris Kirby, is doing a really good job managing the team toward the out-year of pipeline. So the focus has really evolved from like, hey, what can we capture this quarter, this year, to how can we do that and build a pipeline three to four times the size of the goal next year to just make sure that there's a little more consistency there. So, you know, there'll always be some lumpiness, especially in years where we feel like we've got a lot of TASER momentum because of just the nature of the revenue recognition on TASER versus, you know, the SaaS products. And so, you know, if -- you know, if large international police forces are buying TASERs, you'll see some of those kind of lumpy one-time revenue events. But over the long term, you know, I think that's -- we're already starting to see that kind of balance out and that's, you know, buoyed by a foundation of video bookings and more video adoption.
Will Power: Thank you.
Andrea James: Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs. You're up next.
Mike Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you very much for the question. Mine is just on Axon cloud and services. So it seems like we've seen two consecutive quarters of greater than $15 million quarter-on-quarter revenue growth. I was just wondering if you could expand a little bit about the key drivers of the strength. I know in the letter, you know, you talked a little bit about, you know, moving more towards premium software bundles, the growing install base, just any additional color that you could provide there would be great. And then is that a good way to think about Axon cloud and services growth going forward, kind of this teen sequential growth? Thank you.
Josh Isner: Sure. Yes, We're -- Mike, we're really glad you asked that question because, you know, that's one of the things we're most proud of here to see in the results is just this, you know, excitement around the Axon cloud suite of products. And, you know, the story here has been just multiple years of investment into new features, software add-ons, new enterprise software products, just finding product market fit and being rapidly adopted by our customer base. And ultimately, you know, more and more customers are buying our premium offerings, starting with the Officer Safety Plan and then going up to the Plus version of that and then the Premium version of that. And we've seen that the last couple of years, but now it's really starting to flow through into the revenue and the results. And so, you know, just, you know, more adoption of DEMS, more adoption of software add-ons, more adoption of Records management, more adoption of our standards product. And it's really exciting to see all that come together. Talked a lot about our flywheel of this idea that really, you know, OSP is the driver of that flywheel into new products and that's exactly what we're seeing right now. So really proud of our product team for doing a great job, you know, understanding where this, you know, where this platform evidence.com can take us and listening to our customers in terms of where they see value and then doing an incredible job building those products. And our sales team is doing a great job selling them on the back end. So things are aligning really, really nicely in the cloud business and we're really excited about it.
Brittany Bagley: From a modeling standpoint for all of you guys. The only thing I would add is we have historically guided you to take an average of, you know, the last six to eight quarters. And think about that as the size of the step up in that revenue. I think because of this impact that Josh talked about of more and more customers moving to our premium bundles, the size of that step will start to get bigger every quarter. It probably won't be as big as it was this quarter, though, because you are seeing some of the benefit of the Fleet 3 installations start to turn on and come into that. So while there was nothing, you know, one time this quarter, you are seeing Fleet 3 come in. But I think we're also comfortable saying that because of premium, we are going to see slightly larger steps up each quarter in software than we have historically averaged out.
Mike Ng: Wonderful. And maybe if I could just have a quick follow-up. You know, if we assume a kind of continued step up in that cloud revenue, you know, is there something that's offsetting that as you think about the consolidated revenue guidance for the fourth quarter on the product side? Thanks, Brittany. Thanks, Josh.
Brittany Bagley: Yes. So I would say I think the step up in software is particularly large this quarter. So I don't think there's anything offsetting it. As you look at Q4, you know, we're putting forth pretty healthy growth year-over-year, 24% to 25%. That's on top of a Q4 quarter last year that grew about 55%. So I think it's still a very healthy guide that is taking into account the premium software piece. AB4, TASER 10, all the momentum we're seeing.
Mike Ng: Wonderful. Thanks for the follow-up. Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Of course.
Andrea James: Hey, Jonathan Ho at William Blair, go ahead.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, congrats on the strong quarter. Can you help us understand what some of the main components were that drove the 122% net retention growth this quarter?
Rick Smith: Sure. Hey, look, it always helps when you have new products that people want to buy. Like, that's the underlying, you know, thing there is, you know, again, this goes back to our product team really doing a fantastic job just building new value into evidence.com with new -- with these, you know, new software features that save legitimate time every police officer shift. And so when we can keep showing that type of ROI, every conversation on a renewal or an upsell is not only, you know, a -- driven by satisfaction with what the customer already has, but it's driven by interest in what we're doing next and how they can participate in that. And so when you have that combination, we have a very, very talented customer success organization that, you know, really drives deep relationships with our customers. The -- and any, you know, a side note, any account that is managed by a customer success manager at Axon, their NPS score is 81 right now. So that's, you know, an off the charts high number when you think about the range of NPS going from negative 100 to 100. And so that just shows the type of trust these customers have built in our customer success team, our product team, our sales team, so forth. And so, you know, all those things being true, it actually is, you know, it just comes down to execution in terms of, you know, sales and account management to get these deals across the finish line. And we see ARPUs going up as a result. And then NRR, you know, is also rising as a result of that.
Jonathan Ho: Great. And then in terms of the DHS and U.S. federal government contracts that you've signed, is there potentially a halo effect here? Meaning, you know, does this help you sell to other federal law enforcement agencies or international agencies, you know, that maybe look up to these, you know, federal and defense contracts? Thank you.
Josh Isner: Sure, I'd say within the federal government, there's certainly a network effect there. No question. You know, once we've started with being FedRAMP authorized, that was kind of a big breakthrough for us. And then, you know, Impact level 5, et cetera, just all the kind of table stakes, clearances that our products needed to achieve. And then, you know, once, you know, the Customs and Border Protection has been a really great customer of ours. We heavily value that relationship. And having a lot of momentum there has just kind of permeated out into other branches of the federal civilian space. Rick talked about the opportunity in the military as well. I think there is something there to leveraging our success federally into other international governments. That's happening a little bit here and there, but there is potential that that could accelerate. So, yes, I'm really pleased to see, you know, the types of network effects we've seen in the federal space.
Andrea James: Meta Marshall at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Meta.
Meta Marshall: Great, thanks. And congrats on the quarter. Maybe just as a first question, just in terms of kind of the increase, ways that you guys plan to use AI and automation, just where are kind of customer conversations on just ways in which they want to see you incorporate some of these features, ways in which, you know, they just kind of want to get their heads around some of that. And then just maybe as a second question for you, Brittany, you know, gross margins obviously took a small step down quarter-on-quarter, but were better than expected. Is that -- some of that just from kind of the scale, or is some of that just the ramp of Fleet 10 just kind of having smaller headwinds than expected? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Let me start with the AI question, and we're going to be a little cagey here. I will tell you, at IACP, I was showcasing a prototype, a functioning prototype of an AI-powered service, and it got, if not the strongest, one of the most positive, strongest reactions I've ever seen in a product. Obviously, we have a ton of data that we could be running AI on. The art of this is to figure out where can we create maximum customer value while mitigating the risks that are associated, you know, with what can go wrong in AI. And we think we found at least one very powerful use case. But I'm not going to give any more details for competitive reasons, but stay tuned. Exciting times ahead.
Brittany Bagley: Okay. Which leaves us with gross margins? So I would say gross margins were better than expected, really, on the incredibly strong software performance in the quarter. So our software business is gross margin accretive for us. And so the more we build up there, the better overall impact for our gross margin. So I would drive most of the outperformance there. As I think about, you know, why was it down, you know, still a bit year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter? That's really just on mix of our sensors business and the fact that our sensors business also performed incredibly well and the fact that our TASER 10 is also performing quite well. Our TASER margins overall improved quarter-over-quarter, but the mix in there of TASER 10 was quite high.
Andrea James: Yes. Thank you, Meta. Josh Reilly at Needham. You're up.
Josh Reilly: All right. Thanks for taking my questions. In terms of the Department of Veterans Affairs Records win, can you just discuss what some of the factors were in that win? That's obviously a very large deployment. Curious if your openness to third-party or best-of-breed modules was a factor in that one.
Rick Smith: Josh, thanks for the question. And to answer directly, no, that wasn't a big driver. Instead, it was just this connected story around digital evidence in reporting. And that we think is consistent across pretty much every customer interested in Axon Records, which is they just see this link where, hey, if you have the video and you see what happened in the video, like what effect does that have on the ability to write a police report, you know, easily in a scalable and simple way. And so, you know, going back, you know, Brian Wheeler, we've talked about from time to time in terms of his leadership of our records product and his team just continues to perform very well in that regard. And our customers are seeing the value. And then, you know, like we mentioned before, having a FedRAMP-authorized cloud RMS product just aids in the momentum there. So it's really a combination of those things all coming together.
Josh Isner: There are two other things, I would add. One is just the customer relationship, namely, as they deployed our evidence.com and our other products, they just had a great experience that they shared with us was just different than they had with previous technology. So that set us up for the win. Then the other piece I would say is, we made a decision years ago when we are building records that we were not going to go try to win in RFPs for Record systems because we believe that's a recipe for building bad software. If you go build, you know, 800 checkboxes that all the great on the paper report you submit for the RFP, you're going to build a lot of breadth and there's almost no reward for good user experience. And we structured a lot of our go-to-market around how do we win in the hands of the user and set this up where we can build great software that does the most important things really, really, really well and then integrate other systems to handle sort of the fringes and the breadth of it. And I think that was a, you know, pretty important here where what we were able to show them was a functional system that they could test out and go, wow, this just works great in the hands of the user because we spent the time to build it that way, you know, bringing in people with consumer backgrounds that are used to building UI. That's got to be super intuitive, not built to a large government spec document. No offense to government, you know, procurement specifications, but there's a reason government spec software is typically not great, and that's because, you know, you're building it to very large specs. And in there, there's typically not a real easy way to quantify the user experience. And we focus on user experience first and then identifying which of those specs are the really important ones to the people actually using it. And I think that philosophy, we did not expect to win a federal agency this early in Records lifecycle. So it was a really pleasant surprise.
Josh Reilly: Got it. And then just to follow-up on the profitability piece. You've done a really nice job of managing profitability and higher margins over the last year. As we see this, you know, the growth opportunity in terms of revenue appears sustainable even in this kind of challenging macro. Should we expect additional hiring over the coming quarters, or can you manage the growth in business with kind of the current headcount, which would imply more operating leverages coming? Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: I think a bit of both. So we're absolutely going to keep hiring. I think, first of all, our stated goal in R&D is to invest basically top-line growth back into R&D. You can hear all of the exciting things that even with what we're doing, we still feel like we can work on and we have in front of us. And so there's going to continue to be a very robust pace of hiring from an R&D standpoint. Again, we won't get ahead of our revenue growth, but we're really investing there. Then on the SG&A side, we will absolutely get leverage in SG&A, but we can't do what we need to do with flat headcount from where we are today. We do need to continue to invest. Some of that is in sales, but honestly, a lot of that is really on the G&A side as we, you know, figure out how we can get this company to support the level of top-line growth that we're delivering on. You know, better IT systems, get our material weakness remediated, do a lot of that housekeeping that hopefully we very much keep in the background and you don't see, but will overfire investment to deliver nicely on all of these opportunities in front of us. And will give you some leverage too, because we still have our 25% adjusted EBITDA margin target out there. So hopefully this year shows that we can deliver and head towards that. And you all believe us that we're going to hit that. But there is a balance to do between here and there.
Josh Isner: And of course, world-class tech recruiting requires world-class tech recruiters. So that's also part of that fun picture.
Josh Reilly: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Andrea James: Awesome. I want to respect Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. We haven't called on you. You've been off video. Do you want to ask a question? I know people are juggling multiple earnings calls and does anybody have any follow-ups? Oh, no, we've got Jeremy. Jeremy, go ahead, you're up.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes, Hey, thanks. And yes, juggling calls here. You know, I wanted to and apologies if you've gone through this a little bit already, but I wanted to come back into the Fleet product just to understand, you know, where we are in terms of, you know, it looks like you've really continued to gain share in that product and, you know, in terms of where we go in the platform and tying that in, you know, more holistically with, you know, some of the things you're trying to do on the AI side of the business as we move, you know, a couple of, let's say, years down the road. You know, I wanted to just understand in terms of where you think about the TAM on that portion of the business and whether or not just the total value of what the Fleet business is changed from where it might have been a couple of years ago.
Rick Smith: Well, let me start on this one. This is one where I was just wrong. I assumed that body cameras would obsolete in car cameras. And I believed that once body cameras became ubiquitous, there would be less reason to have cameras in a car. And that's one where just I was wrong. And what I learned was that, you know, customers who've had in car cameras want to keep that perspective, especially state highway patrols, where a lot happens in front of the vehicle, and the availability of extra battery power and the ability to put more sensors to be able to do things like license plate reading, which, you know, would be not possible given the battery constraints in the body camera. So I'm happy to have been wrong and had, you know, people who together with our customers who educated me on that, to where now we have a sizable, and I think the market leading Fleet product, and we're finding other areas, you know, in some adjacent markets, and ambulances and EMS, I think even in the military, you know, starting with vehicles that are more like military policing vehicles. But over time, the array of capability and our ability to move at sort of commercial speed to bring AI and sensor capabilities, I think there could be opportunities for us to move up the value chain from just sort of policing vehicles into other types of vehicles where we can integrate our network, all of our workflow together with our sensor development, and of course, in the future, AI running on all that data. So I don't know that I could give an exact like TAM comparison between the two, but I would say that the vehicle Fleet business is certainly here to stay, and it just -- it has different needs and requirements, and you can do more when you've got, you know, access to power and a little more space to be able to put more equipment and more powerful sensors.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes, no, that's to the crux of the question. And then just a follow-up also on comment that Brittany had made. You know, in terms of the cloud portion of the business and thinking about these slightly larger jumps that we're going to see in that business. Just wanted to understand, in terms of thinking a year, two years down the road on your gross margins given what you're generating on that portion of the business and the bigger jumps, is that something that we should expect the model to iterate as we drive towards 25% EBITDA margins, is that going to be a decent portion of what gets us there?
Brittany Bagley: You know, we haven't given any commentary on how we get to that 25% between gross margins and OpEx leverage, other than to say, you know, we're obviously looking really closely at both of them. I think for as much as software is a benefit to our overall gross margins, you also see incredible success in our sensors business, and that's a drag on gross margins. I'd still take all the growth we get from there. And to your question, on Fleet, you know, right now, that's part of our $9 billion camera TAM. But I think we still feel like we've got nice penetration opportunities and good runway in front of us on Fleet still. We've talked a little bit about how we were playing catch up this year and next year will normalize a bit. But it's really some of those mixed dynamics that we're going to be working on as we balance between gross margin and OpEx leverage. I think the last thing we've been focused on is improving our overall TASER gross margins as we continue to leverage and scale TASER 10. So we've got a couple of benefits to gross margin over the next couple of years, and then we just have to balance that out with mix, if that makes sense.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes, absolutely. Thanks for taking the questions.
Andrea James: Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Of course.
Andrea James: Thank you. One more from Jonathan Ho at William Blair, and then we will close out.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you. Just one final question for me. Just given the TASER 10 strengths that you referenced on the call, you know, have you been able to shift to the demand or is there, you know, potentially an accumulation of backlog here as well? Thank you.
Rick Smith: Go ahead, Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: I was going to say it's a great question. We are working really hard to ramp our capacity, but I think you can see from some of the growth numbers and some of what we have been delivering that we're doing a nice job getting our capacity ramped up. As we continue to go into next year, what we're really working on is getting more of that capacity automated.
Andrea James: Great. Okay, pregnant pause. All right, Rick, go ahead and close this out.
Rick Smith: All right, before we sign off, I want to take a moment to acknowledge and thank you, Andrea James. This is going to be Andrea's last quarterly earnings call with us here on Zoom. So after a fast-paced and transformative six years with Axon, leading investor relations, Strategy and Communication, AJ is going to take some time to reset and enjoy the fruits of the success that she's had and has driven here at Axon. AJ has been one of my closest personal advisors. And so as we got to the end of the last XSP and we had some conversations about life and the future, I remembered one of my favorite quotes from Ray Kurzweil, the most important decisions we make are how we spend our time. And back around 2013, when my kids were in preschool, I had the wonderful opportunity to go spend a year in Europe and walk my kids to kindergarten every day And talking with AJ about her budding and growing family, I couldn't disagree with the assessment that how she spends her time might be to take advantage of some of the success from Axon. So we talked about her doing advisory and board work, given the amazing experience she's had at Tesla and here at Axon. So I'll be keeping on speed dial. AJ, and, you know, just very personally and professionally grateful to have you a colleague and a friend and want to acknowledge your great service towards our mission. I know you've -- she's also formed relationships with so many of you and it's not fully goodbye. She'll continue to support us behind the scenes in an advisory role into at least the middle of next year to ensure a smooth transition. And we are thrilled that Erik joined us earlier this year to help -- to lead our IR efforts. He's really hit the ground running, He is really there to catch the baton from one of the greats. And having been an analyst in our industry for several years, Erik, that is before joining Axon. And with that, I want to thank all of you for joining. We're proud of our team's execution. We're confident in our profitable growth. We look forward to a strong finish to the year. I wish you all a happy and wonderful holiday season. I hope the world finds more peace and we will see you all in February.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-08 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: Okay. Welcome to our Second Quarter Earnings Call. Thanks for joining our executives on the call. A quick note about the faces you're going to see on the call today. We want to welcome Erik Lapinski to the team at Axon. He joined us earlier this year and he's our Director of Investor Relations and Financial Communications and we're thrilled to have him. And just Angel Ambrosio, I just want to say, we want to thank her so much. She's been on these calls for over 3 years and she's really helped to lead the way in making us Zoom-first on our earnings call. She's also helped us lead the way in ESG reporting. Angel is not going anywhere. We still work together side-by-side every day. Okay; on to business. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. And our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon that very robust shareholder letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and we discuss these risks in our SEC filings. And before we turn it over to Rick, we will play our video which is under 4 minutes today.
Patrick Smith: All right. Great job, Andrea and Angel and welcome, everyone, to our second quarter 2023 earnings call. It's great to be coming back to you with another excellent quarter and an even brighter outlook. I'm fortunate to spend most of my time talking to customers. Reception to our new products has been fantastic. Recently, I met with police chiefs who said, once their officers take TASER 10 out in the field, they will not go out again without it. After trials and successful de-escalations in the field, some have even joked that their officers are saying, you'd have to pry my TASER 10 from my cold dead fingers. This is the type of feedback that motivates us and keeps us moving forward. Axon Body 4 began shipping in June and we're also getting a great response. Later, you will hear from Brittany, who we recently promoted to Chief Operating Officer in addition to her role as CFO. Bringing these two roles together under Brittany sets us up for our next phase of operational excellence. As COO and CFO, Brittany will oversee our margin profile from end to end to ensure we execute on our ambition to deliver profitable growth for many years to come. Brittany has been a star addition to our team. She brings operational rigor, foresight, stewardship and candor. We also promoted Josh Isner who previously served as our CRO, then COO and is now President. Josh has been an instrumental leader at Axon for more than a decade. And during his tenure, he and I have worked side-by-side evolving and growing the company. I have given Josh many challenges over the years and he's never failed to exceed my expectations. As President, Josh will continue to oversee day-to-day operations while taking on an expanded role within the executive team and with our Board members. Expanding responsibilities for my team allows me to focus on what inspires me: our products and our customers. Product development will always be a key part of my job description. For years, you've heard me talk about my sometimes-futuristic views of what the market needs. And for years, we have successfully innovated. So what's around the corner? I'll touch on 2 key areas: robotic security and generative AI. In June, we acquired Sky-Hero which builds upon our strategy for robotic security and is highly synergistic with our product road map. Sky-Hero gives us a leading indoor tactical drone solution that complements our existing Axon Air strategy. While the acquisition will not be a meaningful revenue contributor this year, it fits into our long-term vision. We want to make the world a safer place and avoid situations where we have to send people through the door into highly dangerous, even deadly situations. Sky-Hero is already selling to U.S. federal government customers and SWAT teams in the U.S. and all across Europe who give very strong feedback about the value, durability, usability and reliability of their technology. Sky-Hero is based in Belgium and unlocks many new customer relationships across Europe. I was especially impressed with CEO, Yves and his team which is small and scrappy and they really move fast. They're going to fit in great here at Axon. And finally, here's how we're thinking about generative AI and large language models. Like we've already been doing with traditional AI, we will use these newer technologies to create game-changing products for our law enforcement customers. Several years ago, we published a video on the future of policing. This video features scenes where a police officer was able to feed their body camera video into an AI system which then created a draft report, auto populated of the details in the audio/video record. The point is, we were talking about generative AI before it really even existed in a usable form. Now I'm not sharing this for bragging rights but what it means for you is that we don't have to pivot our strategy because our strategy has anticipated this future reality for years. We spend a lot of our time and I spend most of my mental energy studying key technology trends and then mapping those trends against customer needs. We don't wait for the customer to ask for it. We don't even wait for the technology to exist. We map evolving technologies that we believe will mature in the coming years against existing customer pain points and then we invest early, so our ecosystem will be ready to catch the ball when the underlying technology matures. This is precisely what is happening now with large language models and with broader generative AI. Our mission-driven philosophy to leverage exponential technologies to solve the problems we care about is the core to our value creation engine. An investment in Axon is investing in the future of AI and it has been for several years. The flywheel for AI technologies, including LLMs, is powered by signals and data. We have invested hundreds of millions of dollars into building out an ecosystem of wearable cameras and sensors and the world's leading cloud platform that securely hosts the enormous data generated by this expansive ecosystem. Everything we have built over the past decade has been in a -- position us to be able to safely and ethically and securely collect, share and analyze that data for our customers, paving the way for public safety adoption of ever more advanced AI tools. These tools will build upon and expand the AI applications that are already a critical component of the Axon ecosystem. And just like we evangelized and we're the first to bring cloud software at scale to public safety, we think Axon will lead the way and bring advanced AI designed with thoughtful, ethical controls at scale to public safety. We're already seeing really promising results from our early work here and we're just getting started. You're up, Josh.
Joshua Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. It's been an honor and a privilege to build my career at Axon. I care deeply about our mission, our customers and our team and I'm proud to help lead an organization that is unapologetic about winning. This team just blocks out the noise and executes and you can see that in our results. As Rick reflected, we are getting great feedback from customers about TASER 10 and Axon Body 4 and I'm especially pleased that this feedback is translating into orders. We closed the first half with strong orders and we expect a greater increase into the second half as we convert more of our new product pipeline. This drove our confidence in increasing our guidance which Brittany will take you through in a moment. In Q2, we continue to execute on our 2023 focus areas: revenue, profitability, new market expansion and new product adoption. We just finished our sixth consecutive quarter with revenue growth above 30%. This kind of growth doesn't just happen. It's a combination of having the right products, the right sales strategy and the right team to execute on an enormous market opportunity. And our relationships with our customers are truly deep. We don't just look for a transactional share or sale. We partner with our customers and make sure they are successful and they keep coming back to us so we can help them solve more problems. Our cloud business grew 62% year-over-year. And we are in the early days of expansion into new markets and products. Our software penetration remains low and we are finding ways to sell more software content into our installed base, executing against a $22 billion software TAM. Our TASER business grew 14% year-over-year and TASER 7 remains the greatest contributor for now and we are pleased to see incremental growth driven by early shipments of TASER 10. We are just getting started with that weapon and it's a game changer and we think it will drive TASER growth over the next several years. Profitability is our second operational focus and is critical to ensuring we have a sustainable business model to drive the next decade of our growth strategy. I am pleased with our team's focus and execution in Q2 as we stabilized gross margin through 2 of our largest product launches in company history, while growing our team at the same time. Third, our new market bookings grew ahead of revenue in Q2. We are seeing continued success in the federal market with first-half bookings up nearly triple digits year-over-year. And in justice, we have triple-digit bookings growth year-to-date. 4 of our 10 largest deals in the quarter came from new and emerging markets, a sign of continued diversification. Finally, new product adoption is critical to our success. We are gaining traction and we've seen emerging product bookings grow nearly 50% year-over-year. ALPR, auto tagging, Axon Records and Axon Respond, are a few key callouts here. We closed an incredible first half to the year and the outlook for our second half looks very solid. We are on to the next play. And with that, we'll turn it over to Brittany to go through the operations and financials in more detail. Brittany?
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. And thank you, Rick, for the kind words. I'm very excited to take on more of the business and to continue driving the next stage of operational excellence at this fantastic company. Turning to the results. We reported another strong quarter, reflecting broad strength across our business. Our top line grew 31% year-over-year and we saw EBITDA margins of 22%. Second quarter gross margin of 62% improved sequentially, primarily reflecting business mix from software. As you saw in our shareholder letter, we did have some noise in our segment margins this quarter as we worked to more closely align our overhead costs with our specific product lines and had some onetime adjustments. On an aggregated basis, however, most of that is allocations between segments and our overall gross margins reflect a mix benefit from software. Axon Cloud and services revenue made up 35% of total revenue this quarter compared with 29% a year ago. As we noted last quarter, we would expect full year gross margin to remain approximately flat or improve modestly from Q1 2023 levels due to continued professional services related to Fleet 3 and the continuing ramp of Axon Body 4 and TASER 10. We continue to believe there are opportunities next year and over the long term to improve our margin profile as we invest in automation and recognize scale efficiencies from recent product launches. We also expect to continue to see mix benefits from our software growth. We believe we will exit this year at a more normalized run rate demand for our Fleet product, having largely caught up on our backlog. Turning to our operating expenses. We saw leverage out of both R&D and SG&A. We continue to invest absolute dollars to drive our product road map and to scale our business rapidly. We're pleased with the adjusted EBITDA margin of 22% in the quarter but given the second half gross margin profile and timing of some OpEx investments, continue to keep our guidance at 20% for the year. With our increase in revenue, this does result in us dropping more to the bottom line for the year and we're continuing to focus on how we can better leverage our OpEx, especially in SG&A over the longer term. Turning to our guidance. We are increasing our full year revenue outlook to a range of $1.51 billion to $1.53 billion, representing about 27% to 29% growth. We continue to target full year adjusted EBITDA margin of 20% which implies an increased range of $302 million to $306 million of adjusted EBITDA. In terms of the healthy guidance increase, we always want to make sure we can deliver on what we say we are going to do. And that continues to be our focus while at the same time, making sure we're doing our best to accurately reflect what we're seeing in the business. We had 2 major hardware product launches this year and the successful rollout of these products as well as the robust customer response to these launches has given us the confidence to increase our forecast after a strong first half of the year. We do expect most of the increase relative to our prior forecast to occur in the fourth quarter due to typical seasonality. With that, I would like to open it up to questions.
A - Andrea James: Thank you. We'll take our first question from Will Power at Baird.
William Power: Well, I guess, first, congratulations on the strong results and congratulations, Josh and Brittany, on your promotions. That's great to see. Maybe, I guess, 2 questions. I guess, first, I'd love to kind of dig into the cloud success. I mean really strong growth there, over 60%. I think in the shareholder letter, you said about 50% of the growth was driven by body cameras. And so I want to just get a perspective of how you think about the continued opportunity just looking at that piece of it. Then the other -- second part of that question is what are the other key drivers within cloud right now? Because it's clear you're having a lot of growth outside of just that body camera piece.
Joshua Isner: Yes. Thanks a lot, Will. And it's good to see you and thanks again for having us at your conference in June. I'd say in terms of just growing cloud adoption for us, there's really two elements of it. Number one is making sure that we continue to proliferate kind of hardware in as many different forms as we can that plug into our cloud ecosystem. So the more body cameras we sell into our existing core market but also into international, federal and enterprise, obviously, that will drive more usage of Evidence.com. And likewise, the more enterprise software licenses we sell for things like records management, computer-aided dispatch, our justice product, Axon Air licenses, just the more software-only licenses that we continue to roll up here that will continue to provide favorable results as well in our cloud business. So it's really about doing those -- both of those things really well at the same time and the team has done a really nice job of that so far this year.
William Power: And if I can just fit in just a second question. You raised guidance pretty significantly for the year. Anything else you can add with respect to the visibility in the second half and particularly the fourth quarter, given the seasonality that I think Brittany just alluded to, too, just to provide investors confidence in that increase?
Brittany Bagley: It's a great question. Thank you, Will. I think part of it goes down to -- comes down to what we see in our business. And I think we were very careful as we came into the year not to get ahead of ourselves in terms of what we were expecting for AB4 and TASER 10, given that those were 2 big launches for us. But we have seen, as Rick and Josh both commented, just wonderful customer reception to those products. And so we have good visibility, both in terms of what we can ramp up from a manufacturing standpoint that gives us confidence in the volume of those products that we'll have available. And then I would say you couple what we have available from an operational standpoint with what we're seeing from the customers and we think we have pretty good visibility in terms of delivering in the second half of the year. I think, as I said, we're partway through Q3 right now and so we can call out that we think some of that will be in Q4, especially as we ramp into AB4 and see the timing of some of the contracts that we have coming in and some of the deals we have in the pipeline with customers. And then I think the other thing is just our cloud and services revenue. As you can see, it's done very nicely this year. And that is just a very reliable recurring software business that we can bank on every quarter. And we look at that as we go through the second half of the year, combined with the TASER 10 and AB4 products and that's what gives us confidence in that guidance.
Andrea James: Okay. Next question from Tim Long at Barclays.
Timothy Long: Two, if I could. First, on the gross margin side, Brittany. Could you talk -- you talked about a lot of the moving parts here but maybe if you could just touch on 2 aspects, where we are and how we're feeling about the ramp of the 2 new products and impact on gross margin as we go through the year. And I noticed -- I think Axon Cloud might have been one of those areas where there were some adjustments. It looks like the margin went down there a little bit. Can you just talk about as that business scales, what we should expect for gross margins? And then I had a follow-up after that.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, of course. So there's a lot of moving pieces in our gross margin, as you can tell, from going through our shareholder letter. I think the biggest thing is we have had some headwinds on gross margin this year, really from 3 main pieces. One, getting TASER 10 ready to go, ready to ramp, ready to be scaled in production. And we expect -- we continue to ramp and scale that business as we go through the year but that's really a next-year event when we think that that's fully scaled and ramped up. So factored into our gross margins this year but should be a gross margin benefit for next year. I think it's similar on the launch of AB4. There's just a period of time while we go through a transition of bringing a new product up and getting it ready to get launched that again, weighing a bit on this year should be nice for us next year. And then probably the last piece that we talked about last quarter, it's continuing to impact the cloud and services gross margin which you noted for this quarter, is just the professional services on our Fleet installations. So our Fleet has been a phenomenal product for us this year. Some of that was because we were inventory-constrained and had some backlog coming into this year and we've really been working through that. But with Fleet, we sell the hardware. We have professional services to install the hardware. That is a bit of a hit to gross margin for us in a onetime way. And then we turn on software associated with the Fleet product. And so once we're through the professional services install, we have nice recurring software revenue attached to the Fleet camera. But our volumes of Fleet are so high this year, you can view that as a bit of an investment in gross margin to unlock nice long-term software revenue sort of next year and beyond.
Timothy Long: And then just a quick one for Josh. You mentioned a lot of the -- some of the larger deals were in newer areas like federal and international. Could you just give us a little flavor of what -- examples of what type of deals those are? And how sustainable you think the moves into these new geographies and regions would be?
Joshua Isner: Yes, great question and thank you. First of all, one that we're really excited about is a deal in our justice segment. So here, we're talking about prosecutors buying kind of enterprise licenses for Evidence.com and tightly integrating with the police departments. And so that was 1 of the 4. A couple were federal. And certainly, we continue to see those become more common and at larger dollar amounts as well which are both very encouraging signs and speaks to all the great work Richard Coleman and his team are doing in our federal business. And then lastly, in international. In our Tier 1 markets, the U.K., Canada and Australia, we still see very meaningful orders coming out of those markets, both across TASER and body cams and Evidence.com. And then we continue to start to make more headway in some of these large markets outside of those 3. And generally, at those -- at this point, those have been more taser-oriented orders as we continue to evangelize the cloud and work with our early kind of opportunities on getting some of these major customers on to the cloud. So that's a little bit of background around where some of those are coming from.
Patrick Smith: Josh, if I could add in a little bit as well. Just very rough, if we look at the long term, right now, international is about 1/5 of our business. At scale, international -- I mean, the U.S. should be about 1/5 of our business. The rest of the world is at least 5x larger than the U.S. market is. And so as we -- we're very focused on opening these markets but police face similar challenges around the world. Now there's one unique thing about the United States and that is the gun culture of the public that is quite different from the challenges other countries face. And in some ways, that makes TASER 10 even more transformative in every other country around the world because I think what we've generally seen is U.S. police will carry a gun and a taser. We've seen that less likely to be something that our international customers would do. But if you're a police officer in a country where the public doesn't really have firearms, a TASER 10 could actually become the primary defensive weapon in those markets because, frankly, if you are, for example, a French police officer and you need a firearm, chances are it's not petty criminals with a gun. You might be dealing with some sort of terrorist event where a pistol is probably not the right tool anyway. And so I believe T10 actually is the biggest game changer in those international markets to give us beachheads where we could really begin to expand the growth because, again, long term, we need to succeed as a truly global company. And when we do that, these international markets should frankly dwarf our U.S. market.
Andrea James: Josh Reilly at Needham. Go ahead, Josh.
Josh Reilly: Great job on the quarter here team. What are you seeing in terms of customers who are interested in getting new tasers and body cams and that were going to buy the AB3 maybe and the TASER 7 but now that you switched to the new models and these are released. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of customers in this category? And did it have any impact on the Q2 revenue results? Would it have been even higher with some customers switching around? And is that impacting the Q4 commentary around revenue as well?
Joshua Isner: Yes, Josh, thank you for the great question. A couple of ways to think about this. So coming out of the first half of the year, as everyone remembers, we're a little more conservative on what our guidance would look like for that reason because there's this period when you launch new products where you don't know if customers are going to want to just continue with what they have or trial the new product before buying it or just switch right over to the new product. And so I think we've kind of cleared out a lot of those uncertainties at this point. And I think it's fair to say that a lot of the interest has converted from TASER 7 to TASER 10. And so customers that were on order for TASER 7 kind of pumped the brakes, wanted to trial TASER 10 and now we're moving in that direction. AB4 is a separate -- a little bit of a separate motion because the early volumes of those cameras are driven by hardware upgrades in our TASER Assurance Plan, not as much book and ship like right out of the gate. And so 2 kind of slightly different stories there. But yes, as those things become better in focus, it allows us to get a little more aggressive with our guidance. And as the year comes together and that, combined with a really solid back-half pipeline, gives us a lot of confidence moving into the last 2 quarters of the year here.
Brittany Bagley: I'm going to throw in a little bit of extra color for you on that. Our TASER 7 was pretty stable in this quarter. So there's certainly a dynamic of customers getting very excited about TASER 10 but we're still seeing very nice support and volume from TASER 7. I would think about a lot of the growth in the taser segment this quarter coming from TASER 10 starting to ramp up and get into customers. And then I would say similarly on our cameras, we didn't see significant growth in our camera business in Q2 and that really was because as we go do those refreshes, we're going to let customers who want to refresh on AB4, refresh on AB4. We just started shipping AB4. And so again, you'll see some of that be stronger in the second half of the year.
Josh Reilly: And then just a follow-up on the Fleet 3. You mentioned you're going to catch up on demand by year-end. How much of the catch-up is around manufacturing the hardware versus actually getting the product installed at the end vehicle? Where has the greater bottleneck been in the last couple of quarters here?
Brittany Bagley: Yes. I would say it's shifting, I would say the greater bottleneck coming out of '22 was probably on the hardware, on the actual inventory side. And now we've done a nice job catching up on that and really the bottleneck now, it's not a bottleneck because we're ramping up to get it to customers. But the gating item is really more around the installations.
Andrea James: Mike Ng at Goldman Sachs. Go ahead, Mike.
Michael Ng: I just have two. So Axon Cloud and services revenue was up substantially, outpacing the Sensors and other segment revenue growth. I was just wondering if you could just answer a couple of questions to help reconcile the differences in revenue there. First, you said you're selling more software content into the installed base. So that -- is that customers just upgrading their plans but using existing equipment? Does that give you higher confidence about an equipment upgrade? And then are there other pieces of software that you would call out that are doing particularly well? I know, Josh, you flagged a few.
Joshua Isner: Yes. Ultimately for us and we've talked a little about this in the past but the big kind of focus for our sales team is selling our Officer Safety Plans which have a number of different software features in across DEMS and Records and Standards, product which is kind of a use-of-force tracking product. So there's a lot in those plans. And ultimately, the more of those bundles we sell, the higher our ARPU will be in software. And then when we combine that with kind of picking up momentum, both on the records management side and in the justice segment and then in some of our new markets, those things combined to offer a nice uplift over just kind of our base Evidence.com licensing. And so it's really a combination of those 2 things.
Brittany Bagley: I would just -- I would add, 100% agree, everything Josh said is spot on. I mean we are seeing very healthy demand for our premium bundles and that's driving our strong net revenue retention. It's driving growth in the software business, the domestic E.com, Evidence.com licenses drove the largest sequential increase. I think the other thing I would note for this quarter is we were able to start recognizing revenue for our Standards product now that we have it in general availability. And so that helped make the step up slightly larger this quarter than it has been in some other quarters. And so we spend a lot of time talking about how big is the size of the step. It was definitely larger this quarter and we continue to look at it more as an average of quarters over time. It was slightly smaller in Q1. It was big in Q4. It's big this quarter. So it's been lumpy as we've had some of these revenue recognition pieces come together. But overall, the domestic Evidence.com business is driving the bulk of that and thus why you're seeing such nice healthy growth in that segment.
Michael Ng: And I did want to follow up on that along with the comment that Josh made earlier about good momentum in justice. So is it right to interpret that there are customers that are buying the software or the E.com licenses that may not necessarily be part of the body camera or the TASER installed base? And if that's the case, I was just wondering if you could expand on that a little bit more and talk about the opportunity there?
Patrick Smith: Let me jump in over Josh. I'm excited on this one. Like, for example, the country of Scotland selected us for their digital evidence management system across police, prosecutor's courts, the whole country and they are not using our body cameras. We've had some similar albeit -- I'm not sure which ones we've specifically disclosed or not but we've had other international agencies move software first. And that's something that we're really proud of. And obviously, our software teams take great pride in that as well that 10 years ago, our software was basically an enabler of our hardware. And now they're both strong on their own and our software products, especially things like Records can stand on their own, although some of the generative AI stuff I alluded to in my comments, are a true game changer. When an agency is using our body cameras and our cloud software, our ability to unlock all the valuable data that's given in those audio, video records for our customers is pretty awesome. And so we think we are very well positioned and we look forward to coming back with more details. Don't want to get out over my skis but we have been doing some -- we're always inventing and prototyping with our customers and we're just hearing really positive feedback on things that we've not even announced yet. So that growth engine of doing the hardware and the software enables us to do things that you can't do -- if you can't do both those things together.
Joshua Isner: And I totally agree with Rick and the only thing I'd add on that is there are extra licenses every agency buys for non-sworn personnel and that number will only go up with Axon Records. And so that's a big piece of the puzzle here as you think about the police officers on the street choosing our body cameras and tasers but then all of the people in the back office that need access to records and evidence, that's a substantial uplift as well. So in addition to some of the new market and kind of DEMS-only features that Rick talked about, there's an element of just our domestic customers adding on more and more as our product portfolio grows.
Jeffrey Kunins: Right, I think like you've heard us say so many times before, the power of that entire ecosystem distributed through this hardware plus software OSP and bundle philosophy is -- it is our Amazon Prime. It is our flavor of this opportunity that just inherently drives increased adoption and as customers get value out of one basket, it inherently motivates them to keep going up to higher and higher tiers and then to use more and more of what feels free to them because it's already in the basket that they have paid for and have access to. And to come back to connect that to one of the questions about federal and justice before, that's also the leverage of our R&D philosophy and approach at work where if you take something like DEMS that's had a decade of R&D investment in us to bring it to where it is, to be fit for purpose broadly for domestic and international law enforcement, it's a relatively light lift but to tailor that with a surgical part of our team to make it fit for purpose for the next adjacent market segments like prosecutors and justice, like things in the federal government and that instantly or relatively quickly unlocks whole new segments building on the back of R&D we've done before. And then once we've done that and we have momentum with federal customers in justice, it earns us the right to then start building bespoke products directly for those market segments. And that kind of successive laddering up from each angle is fundamental to our flywheel.
Andrea James: Thanks, Mike. And before we move on, we've used the term DEMS a couple of times. That means digital evidence management system. So that's the acronym for everybody. Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum: Rick, with the promotions for Josh and Brittany, how is your role evolving at Rick -- at the organization?
Patrick Smith: So it's actually not changing a ton. Over the past 5 to 6 years, I've been wanting to put more and more focus on customers and technology, really creating -- understanding the pain of our customers, conveying the story that is our existing ecosystem and writing the story for the next 10 years. And focusing on that requires just frankly a very different mental outlook than running a business day to day. So if I went back 5 or 10 years ago, to be honest, I was getting quite burned out. It's just very difficult to run a large organization and then go, oh, in between this endless e-mail inbox and all the to dos of managing the business, let me now pause and shift to creatively looking at understanding what does the next phase look like. And so I think these promotions just sort of clarify those roles and this is giving basically Brittany more control over the operational excellence of our margins and our -- everything in the manufacturing supply chain to really make sure we're delivering. It's giving Josh -- he's actually taking a little bit more of -- some of, for example, my interactions with the Board that are more operational in terms -- Josh actually tends to lead most of the Board meetings in terms of the agendas, et cetera. And what that allows me to do is focus less on what we're doing and much more engaging -- so during Board meetings, for example, I'm very focused on driving discussions at a highly strategic level. And I think we play to each other's strengths. So my wife will tell you, I'm working harder than ever and I'm traveling more than ever out with customers and large expos because I don't have a list of to dos I've got to do around internally in the office. And I know we've got a team and I've got a very long relationship with Josh and with Brittany so only having been here little over a year, I think now, we've rapidly developed that same connective tissue, where we kind of understand each other's strengths. And that allows me to focus on the thing that I'm uniquely able to do as a founder CEO and that is -- as I mentioned in my script but I just want to really call attention to it. The reason I think founder-led companies outperform and the academic data kind of shows that, is when we focus on what -- like what is the next big leg that is not obvious, like, a traditional large business. Most of our competitors are focusing on basically running up kind of a profit-driven machine and each product manager is sort of asking the customers kind of what they want. My job is to predict what the customers aren't asking for yet and to match that up to various technologies. And there's a fair amount of risk that comes with that but the rewards are significant and we saw that when we created the taser market, the body cam market, the cloud market. No customers were productively asking for those. I think we're ahead of the ball on AI. We think about overall how we communicate. When I was a child in 19 -- in the early '70s, I communicated with a rotary dial phone in my house and police had push-to-talk walkie talkies. Today, I don't have a rotary phone, like we're doing Zoom with people around the world and our customers' primary mechanism of communicating is still push-to-talk walkie talkies. Like I think in the next 10 years, that will no longer be their primary method of communication. Police will be using audio, video sensors and AI to manage the massive amount of data flow so that we're collecting what is happening in the field, distributing that information to the right people and then cycling back to that officer in the field in a very focused way the information they need to know through the media that is most efficient for them to do it. It's least distracting while they're doing this difficult job. So it's solving those sort of problems. And frankly, Jeff has done such an amazing job of building an amazing team. So when I talk about solving that problem, we've got people like Ron McCatty [ph], who built Alexa drop-in, calling that revolutionized personal communications for 100 million people, including me, right, probably far more than that now so I could talk to my mom when she was -- had mental dementia and couldn't answer a phone and my kids could drop in on her from our kitchen, that sort of disruptive communication experience is part of what we're looking at now in the next 10 years. So that's where I spend my time and that's why I'm not answering many questions about margin and budget because I've got a strong team that I know is all over that, so I can focus on the future.
Keith Housum: Now back into more details, I'll go to Brittany and Josh. As you look at the T10 in terms of the adoption rate of that compared to the T7 as like the leading device that now people use for a taser, do you guys expecting acceleration of movement toward T10 versus like the T7? And then what does that do in terms of the mix and the margins?
Joshua Isner: Maybe I'll talk about a little bit of the demand and I'll hand it over to Brittany to talk about the mix and margins. In terms of demand, yes, we absolutely see customers and I've said this maybe in the last call and to others as well, like this is the first product where our customers have a genuine interest in upgrading early to it. Usually, because there's a training uplift and there's challenges around deploying it across thousands and thousands of users, you kind of kick the can down the road to the end of your useful life before you upgrade to the next one because it's a lot to bite off to deploy a new taser. In this case, agencies are willing to accelerate that process in favor of getting this weapon on the streets faster. And so the early feedback continues to be very strong. Customers that -- there were even some customers who didn't move to T7 from X2 who are now jumping straight to T10 with the 10 shots and increased distance. So very, very bullish on T10 adoption over the next a couple of years here. Now keep in mind, internationally and in some domestic markets as well, there's still a trial period that takes place where agencies want to field it and get enough data. And so it doesn't happen all at once. But I think over the next couple of years, our TASER business will continue to grow on the back of more TASER 10 handles in the field.
Brittany Bagley: I would just add, Keith, that I think because the demand has been so strong from an operational perspective, we can build in what we know we can manufacture. We really are still ramping that up. And so for the rest of this year, we've got a pretty good sense of how many handles we can actually make. And given the demands out there, that's what we can factor into our model. It is taking us some time to get it fully ramped up and scaled from a manufacturing standpoint. Next year, I think not only will we have more scaled manufacturing but we will have been able to invest in some of the automation for both the handle and the cartridges to help get the initial cost down and improve that gross margin.
Andrea James: We have 3 analysts that we will get to next. Samik Chatterjee at JPMorgan.
Samik Chatterjee: Hopefully 2 quick ones here. The Fleet systems revenue sequential ramp that you had this quarter, at least looks more modest than what you had going into 1Q. And given some of the guidance around gross margin that you had, I'm just wondering, should we be taking that as an implication that you expect Fleet systems revenue acceleration here on a sequential basis to sort of increase? And I think on the last earnings call, you had mentioned something about supply sort of constraints now getting sort of easier to ship those products. How should we think about underlying demand if you were sort of looking at a more normalized demand environment without any supply constraints? And I have a quick follow-up, sorry.
Brittany Bagley: I think we're largely getting through our inventory supply constraints. And now we're really looking at what it will take to get Fleet installed. And so as you go through this year, you'll see basically what is normalized healthy run rate for Fleet from a demand standpoint. Remember, as I said earlier on this call, we have 3 pieces of Fleet revenue. You have the hardware which is showing up in the Fleet line item of our reporting. So you've got the hardware. You have the professional services which goes into our services line item. And then you have the software revenue that gets turned on once we have it installed. So as we come out of this year, you'll see a really nice level of run rate demand. And I would expect as we get through this year, we're at a good level of run rate demand for professional services installations as well on that Fleet product. Josh, did you want to jump in?
Joshua Isner: Yes. I just wanted to say, I wouldn't get too caught up in the kind of sequential trends because they can vary a little depending on when we ship especially large orders. And so for us, we're really focused on that. As we said, we've grown 30% for 6 straight quarters. That's really what we try to look at is our yearly CAGR and focus on that. And there might be a little noise quarter-to-quarter on how that looks. But over the course of the year, it seems to kind of normalize.
Samik Chatterjee: On the Evidence and cloud services growth, obviously, very robust growth that you're experiencing there. Can you talk to what the underlying customer count sort of trends are? Because I'm trying to sort of parse out how much of this is land and expand with customers that are already using and sort of upselling to them versus actually going into new customers and them trying out the product? Like can you talk about sort of the underlying customer count a bit more?
Joshua Isner: Yes. I don't know that we're prepared to give any specifics on that today. But I would say kind of with a broader brush, we try to do 2 things really well at the same time. We try to sell new products to our existing customers and we try to sell existing products to new customers. And if we do both of those well, meaning like in our core U.S. market, it's really about selling all those new products like VR, some of the software packages and features I mentioned, computer-aided dispatch, et cetera. And then internationally, in corrections, in justice and our federal business, it's more about selling our kind of core products, tasers, body cams, DEMS, into those to create kind of that opportunity to land and expand. And so ultimately, we look at both of those metrics, new product sales and new market sales every quarter. And really happy to say that we're trending very nicely on each of those -- in each of those categories right now.
Brittany Bagley: The only thing we do give and we gave it in our shareholder letter, is that the penetration rate of our Officer Safety Plan is less than 20% relative to our potential state and local law enforcement installed base. So I think we have both great ability to land as well as expand, to Josh's point.
Andrea James: Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Congrats on the strong results. I did want to maybe get a little bit of additional color on AB4 and what your customers are most excited about in terms of new use cases around the AB4 capabilities?
Joshua Isner: Maybe I'll start and then I'll hand it over to Jeff and Rick. I think ultimately, there's some incremental improvements in there around battery and optics and so forth. But really launching the 2-way voice as part of AB4. We're most excited that it actually fits a need in the market right now and that customers have a variety of use cases where the value relative to the radio, of being able to see something playing out for the dispatcher or for a mental health expert or for a translator, watching the screen and being able to communicate through the body camera with a community member, that is something that our customers are very excited about and we're seeing more and more adoption of that feature set early on. So I think that's one of the key differentiators. It's also nice to bring back our POV functionality. We haven't really launched anything new there since Flex 2. And now just a simple attachment to the body camera instead of a whole new product in SKU makes that a lot more easily adopted and tailored to certain use cases and just flexible overall for our customers.
Jeffrey Kunins: That's right. I mean I think just echoing on all of what Josh said. This is a category where the meat and potatoes matters a lot and there's tons of exciting innovation. The -- no one -- everyone always wants more battery life and we're delivering there, bringing -- turning the POV from a separate product to a no-compromise simple accessory that's an add-on, we think is a game changer for a lot of agencies. And then full circle back to Respond and really moving live streaming in this future of modern multimodal communications from a thing that feels like an add-on to a thing that feels central and native to the product itself. And 2 very specific aspects that we think resonate and the customers are telling us loud and clear they love. One is frankly, the notion of it being hands-free. The fact that not only do you have 2-way voice but I'm there in the middle of a scene having hard things go on and I can, in a hands-free way, both talk back to who's talking to me while I'm hearing. And so that enables just a new kind of freedom and interaction that complements and adds to the other communication options they have available to them today. And number two, this idea of the watch me button, you've heard us say it but from a psychology standpoint, one of the things that has been an opportunity for agencies to think about how they'll adopt live streaming is simply who is starting it. And psychologically for an officer, there's something incredibly compelling about the notion that I'm the one who gets to say, I'm asking for help. I want someone to watch my back as opposed to, I don't know when someone might choose to drop in on me. They're both critically important but the psychology of empowering officers to say I want someone to watch to my back right now. We are hearing loud and clear that they're super excited about.
Patrick Smith: So one last thing, I'll jump in on. When we designed AB3 a number of years ago, we had -- we faced a decision, do we put an LTE chip in every camera? Or do we bifurcate the SKUs and have a lower-cost WiFi-only camera and have a premium? We made the bet that, you know what, a connected camera will be so much more useful that we're going to put that chip in every camera so that we can turn that capability on for customers. Now by comparison, some of our competitors for years when asked about LTE, they were saying, well, our customers aren't asking for it. That is precisely the difference of how we think about these products. We don't think about profit optimization on the current generation. We think about what is the right thing to do that's going to enable us to create massive value over the long term. And sometimes, look, this is where Brittany holds me accountable; she's got to make sure the numbers work. But we have a very productive interplay about this, about how do we make the right level of investment bets and they are bets in that the answers are not necessarily knowable. But I think we're now seeing that coming true where it's like, wow, these real-time capabilities are very useful. And the agencies that have gone to live streaming every call for incidents, they survey their officers and you know what they're telling me? Unanimously, officers and dispatchers are saying they refuse to go back to a world without it. And those are the type of things we hear early in a product cycle that make us dig in hard because we know we've got -- this is a game-changing capability. Now it's just going to take some time for us to spread the word and get agencies to try it. And things like the watch me feature help agencies or unions that have concerns about privacy matters, have a way they can deploy it, it's responsive to those concerns. But I'm 100% convinced relying as a push-to-talk walkie talkie for the next 20 years as your only real means of communication is not how the world is going to evolve. Now I'm also very clear, we are not yet a mission-critical piece of communications. The current stuff will exist for quite some time alongside what we're doing. We're augmenting with new capabilities. And these agencies that are using our live stream with 2-way voice, what they're telling me is that it's offloading tons of traffic off the radio that not everybody else on the radio needs to hear. They're having more in-depth conversations, more rich conversations because it's not taking up radio airtime and that's actually making their radio use more productive and more focused.
Andrea James: Thank you. Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. You're up.
Jeremy Hamblin: Congrats on the strong results. I wanted to come back to the point that Brittany was making about the OSP bundles. And you just had tremendous acceleration in the velocity of growth in your cloud business is quite impressive over the last few quarters in particular. So if less than 20% of your potential base, state and local domestic is on OSP bundle, today, what would you have said that, that percentage was a year ago? Would it have been less than 10%? And then just coming back to the cloud revenue growth. Obviously, I think you talked about it's license growth but I wanted to just get a sense for just the expansion of the premium bundles as well. And how much of that is -- because just the value of that business has gone up tremendously in just the last 3 or 4 quarters.
Brittany Bagley: Yes, I'll jump in. It's been great to see and great to watch. We last gave that penetration stat in Q3 of last year and it was less than 15%. So we have seen a nice increase in that over the last 9 months. And I think you're seeing that get reflected in some of the increase in our software revenue. I would say that there's also things where we're adding new products, right, this call out I made on standards. This is a product we've been investing in. We've been testing with customers we've had out there and we got it to the point where we could start recognizing revenue on it. And so those are exciting things that start to feed into our software business and our software recognition. I think if you're modeling it, for modeling purposes, we would still say a good 6 quarter average and maybe Q4 and Q2 of this year were particularly high because of onetime revenue in Q4 and the Standards piece in Q2. So I'm not sure it's fair to fully average those in. But I think your macro point of we're having great momentum in our software business and our customers are loving it. And they're adding more and we're upgrading people to premium bundles, I mean that is the heart of the story around the software cloud business and we're really excited to get to tell that story and to give those products to our customers.
Jeremy Hamblin: And then just a follow-up question is on the international side, as you think about OSP bundles. In terms of adoption rates on that segment of your business, how is that comparing to kind of the adoption curve that you saw domestically? Obviously, some different factors in terms of where taser penetration was a decade ago and so forth. So I imagine the curve could look a little bit different but just wanted to get an understanding of what you're seeing.
Joshua Isner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeremy. I would say that the international market is kind of bifurcated between our Tier 1 customers in the rest of world right now. In Tier 1, I think we are getting closer to OSP-like offerings. And that's because generally, you're not talking about one federal government buying everything. You're talking about cities like London and Manchester and Calgary and Edmonton and Ottawa or states in some cases and provinces in some cases. So -- and same in Australia. And so where there's heavy adoption of both and it's not all federal purchasing, I think we will see OSP adopted in those markets over time. In the rest of the world, the focus is really just landing in a large way with one product and then starting that journey which is go from one product to multiple products. And then when both of those products are more well adopted, that's when we talk about this kind of bundling concept. But the fact that you've got these large federal governments doing the buying in a lot of cases, it's both a good thing and a bad thing. It's great that the volumes can be way more exciting upfront but it's also harder to pair 2 products like that together because it's just very different processes relating to the procurement of each. And so we're working through it. And hopefully, over the next year or 2, we'll start to see OSP kind of take a foothold in some of those Tier 1 markets.
Andrea James: Thanks for all the great questions. We're going to have Rick close us out.
Joshua Isner: Before Rick closes us out, just one more thing, if it's all right. As we do the call backs tomorrow, I hope all of our analysts will wish Brittany a happy birthday. And happy birthday to you, Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Thanks, Josh. Sneaking that in.
Patrick Smith: It's delightful to be able to share these results. Obviously, a ton of hard work went into this. I pinch myself every day that I get this fantastic job. These things don't happen by themselves. My view of this is this what happens when you have an amazing mission, you attract just unbelievably talented people, give them the freedom to operate and bring their own diverse backgrounds and talents into the team and let them run. And we're running hard and we're going to keep running hard for you, our investors and for our customers and, knock on wood, we'll be back to keep telling you about some of the great work our team is doing. You only get to see a handful of us. But behind the scenes, there's a cast of thousands of really talented people working really hard. So for those of you who on our team that are listening in, thank you for letting us bask in the light of results like these from the work you do. I look forward to seeing you all next quarter.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-10 10:00:00) =====
Andrea James: Hello, everyone. Welcome to our First Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. We hope you have had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which you can find at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build upon the already robust information you find in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook, and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, and we discuss these risks in our SEC filings. And before we turn the call over to Rick, we will play our quarterly update ideas about a 5-minute video today. [Video Presentation]
Patrick Smith: Alright. Thank you, and great job, Andrea and Angel. Hello, and welcome to our shareholders. We feel great that 2023 is off to a fantastic start after announcing our moonshot goal last year to produce gun related deaths between police and the public by 50% over the next 10 years. We brought to market two major product releases that can serve as the workhorses to help get us there. When we talk about our moonshot goal to cut gun deaths, TASER 10 is our Saturn 5 rocket. And Axon Body 4 is mission control. Customer reception to TASER 10 has been great. We began shipping in March and many customers have called the product a true game changer. For those of you who are new to our business, new TASER devices take a few quarters to ramp in terms of sales as our customers need to trial and get trained before they can go into full deployment. Next, as you saw in the video, as Axon Accelerate last month, we announced Axon Body 4. 4 years ago on our earnings call, I told you about our vision for the future of body cameras and public safety. And once our cameras can talk over wireless networks, they’ve become something more like an Alexa on your chest as opposed to just a camera you wear to record, and that would open up a whole host of really interesting services. Well, now for the first time ever, officers and remote support teams can communicate with one another in real time with a two-way device. We think this is going to provide an entirely new level of awareness and situational support, especially when officers are dealing with mental health crises or battling language barriers. Our customers are already thinking of new ways to apply this technology, and we can’t wait to see what they’ll do with it. Our vision for the future of public safety technology is coming together. When our new TASER and body cameras are paired with Axon respond, the full power of our real-time operational capabilities is unlocked. We can solve so many of the decision-making challenges public safety professionals space today. And I’m fortunate to be leading a company that has attracted the best talent across the globe to achieve what we set out to do. We believe people are inspired to do their best work when they are truly inspired to solve the problems that they care about. So we hire people who are passionate about our mission. And we saw big problems. We create value and everything else falls into place. Finally, I’d also like to take the opportunity to acknowledge Axon’s inclusion in the S&P 500 as of May 4, a testament to Axon’s stable business model, our growth mission and our global impact. Thank you to our customers, partners and employees for making this positive. We founded Axon 30 years ago in the Tucson garage, and it has been a remarkable journey and our best days are yet to come. And so with that, I’d like to turn over to our Chief Operating Officer, Josh Isner.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. Enthusiasm from our customers has been infectious. What really moves me is when our customers see our passion and they become a part of it. Our annual Accelerate conference this year was the biggest and best we ever hosted. When customers tell me that we are motivating them and changing the way they approach their jobs for the better, I know we are doing our job. We see a strong and growing demand pipeline for 2023 and beyond, and we remain focused on doing our best work. In February, I spoke about 4 areas of focus for 2023 and I am pleased to report we are executing well on each of these objectives. Our number one operational focus is revenue. Top line growth remains a priority. We grow our business so that we can invest and deliver more value to the market. Our investments are paying off. We grew the top line 34% year-over-year in Q1, achieving a record quarterly revenue for the company. Our cloud business grew 51% year-over-year, and it’s remarkable to reflect that just a few years ago, cloud applications were nearly unheard of in public safety. We’ve been proud to evangelize public safety cloud adoption in the U.S., and we will continue to do so globally. Our Taser weapons business grew 17% year-over-year, and most of that was tied to continuing strong demand of our TASER 7 platform. We are only in the early stages of shipping our newest product, TASER 10, which is seeing the strongest initial demand of any TASER weapon in the history of the economy. I have seen several TASER product launches at Axon and customer enthusiasm for TASER 10 trumps any previous model. Our second operational focus is profitability, which we measure by adjusted EBITDA margin. Brittany will take you through the details in a minute, but at a high level, I’m pleased with our performance in Q1. Number three, new market expansion. In the first quarter, our international booking grew double digits, driven by nearly 100% year-over-year bookings growth in Europe. And we also saw triple-digit bookings growth in our Justice segment, an emerging market for us. We’ve invested heavily in our sales force and continue to support new capabilities in these new markets, and we’re seeing leverage from these investments. Finally, number four, new product adoption, we are tirelessly investing to ensure that the products we build continue to be adopted by our customers. We saw double-digit bookings growth in a number of our emerging product categories, including ALPR, air and virtual reality. The foundation underpinning all of these priorities is our ability to attract and then retain world-class talent. We cannot accomplish any of this without the help of a team who brings financial discipline, a next play mindset and the skill sets to launch us through the stratosphere of our moonshot journey. We enjoy high employee retention rates, which outperformed tech averages, and this is a testament to our mission and our ability to focus on solving real problems. In sum, we executed strongly in Q1, have launched into two new products. Our pipeline is solid and we have line of sight to a very strong back half. I’m proud of our team for driving such a strong start to the year, but I am even more proud that they have quickly turned the page and are focused on sustaining the momentum in Q2 and beyond. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Brittany to take us through our financials in more detail. Thanks a lot.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. We are pleased to report another strong quarter, reflecting broad-based strength across our business. Our top line growth of almost 34% year-over-year supported by 51% growth in our cloud business continues to demonstrate the value of our offering. Given Q1 performance, we are confident in our outlook and raising our revenue growth rate from 20% to 22% for the year. On gross margin, we had some sequential headwinds in Q1 coming from revenue mix as we grew Axon Fleet sales and the professional services associated with those and did repeat the gross margin benefit of catch-up software revenue that we saw in Q4 of ‘22. Gross margin also reflects an impact of onetime items related to inventory and other cost adjustments. Over the remaining quarters of ‘23, we expect fleet demand to remain strong. And as a result, we would expect gross margins to remain approximately flat or improve only modestly from Q1 level. To double-click on the impact of fleet, demand for Fleet 3 has consistently exceeded our expectations since we began shipping in 2021. Our fleet business carries a lower margin upfront and transitions to high-margin recurring software revenue over time. In the first quarter, for example, fleet revenue grew 139% year-over-year. Fulfilling this demand solidifies our market leadership and sets us up for long-term success. When our customers buy more of our hardware, they are also investing in our broader ecosystem of high-margin software offering. We also continue to invest in automation and improving our manufacturing efficiency, and we’re pleased to see the supply chain stabilizing in 2023 as expected. Over time, these efforts along with ongoing growth in our high-margin software business should continue to benefit gross margins. Regarding operating expenses, R&D investment remains a priority to support our long-term revenue growth. We continue to digest SG&A investments we made over the past year and are balancing OpEx discipline with the investments needed to scale our business to $2 billion in revenue and beyond. As we had anticipated, travel expenses have also increased as everyone returns to in-person meetings and events. I am pleased to upwardly revise our outlook. We are increasing our full year revenue range of $1.44 billion to $1.46 billion, representing 22% year-over-year revenue growth at the midpoint. We continue to target full year adjusted EBITDA margins of 20%, implying a range of $288 million to $292 million. We remain focused on delivering on both our near-term and long-term financial commitments. In addition to the above, these include free cash flow, moving towards long-term sustainable equity dilution, responsible management of our balance sheet and continuing to support our partner ecosystem. All of these are in great shape exiting Q1. Longer term, we continue to focus on delivering on our top line growth while expanding our gross margins leveraging our OpEx and increasing our adjusted EBITDA as we work towards our 2025 target of 25% adjusted EBITDA margin. Great new products, including TASER 10, Axon Body 4, fleet and our software will all continue to support this outlook. I look forward to updating you further on our continued progress next quarter. And with that, I would like to open it up to questions.
A - Andrea James: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Tim Long at Barclays. Tim, you are up.
Tim Long: Thank you. I was hoping I could sneak two in here. First, on the full year outlook, if you could just talk a little bit, obviously, growth in Q1 was pretty strong so implying a little bit of a decel in the second half of the year, I guess, towards the end, the compares get tougher. But can you just talk a little bit about the rest of the outlook and why – what’s built into a little bit more conservative growth than we saw in Q1? And then second, if you could just touch on kind of the new products coming out. Obviously, it sounds like a lot of demand. How does that fit into those that have subscriptions if someone’s not on a subscription, they want to upgrade or accelerated and upgrade. Can you just talk about how you could see a benefit from these new products even if people are tied into a medium to longer term subscription deal?
Brittany Bagley: Maybe I’ll take guidance and then turn customers over to Josh. Okay. So as we look at our guidance for the full year, obviously, we’re really pleased with our strong Q1 performance. Part of what goes along with introducing new products, though, like TASER 10 and near term for Axon Body 4 as there is a transition period as our customers transition to those new products and are buying less of our existing older products. So as we look at our guidance, we’re baking that transition into our guidance we’re also baking in the fact that we had a really strong back half of last year, and so the comps get more difficult as we look at the second half.
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. And just to add to that, we never want to get out over our skis on guidance. I think certainly, there are paths to outperforming guidance and like we are working towards those. But until we see that actually materialize in the pipeline and a way we can feel a lot of confidence in, it’s important to be measured as to how we look at the data we have today. And so certainly, the focus is delivering as good of a year revenue-wise as we can, and we feel confident that we have the team to do that and on top of that, in terms of how we build in new products into our bundles and offerings. I think those are actually the opportune times to rewrite a lot of contracts. And so whenever there’s a new product that comes out either a flagship product like a TASER, new TASER CW or a new body camera or something like a new software offering that gives us the opportunity to go back to those customers and demo those products and as customers kind of value them, they start asking questions about, hey, how do we build this into our contract and that leads to conversations about upgrading the bundle or adding on to the bundle. So those are great opportunities for our sales team to rewrite these contracts for the longer term. So that’s how we look at kind of new product introduction into the sales process.
Tim Long: Okay. Thank you. Very helpful. Thanks.
Andrea James: Okay. We’ll go next to Keith Housum at Northcoast. Keith is in a public space doing our earnings call. So maybe we will come back to Keith. Okay. We will go to Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Go ahead, Sami.
Sami Badri: Alright. Thank you. I had first a tricky question and then maybe some less tricky questions. So first one, maybe to Rick, one thing that has been really clear is, as a company, you’ve released many products at various price points, many software capabilities and you’re introducing virtual reality training and software. The kind of the big question is how are police departments making space for all these budget line items that they are now having to pay for? And maybe the justification could be very straightforward, but perhaps you could explain to us maybe how your customers are building this into their budgets? Is it taking away from other categories? Is it replacing some things? What have been the conversations in the field and the way that they are actually justifying this? And then I have a follow-up.
Patrick Smith: Yes. Great. So all these new services is we look at developing them upfront. We first asked ourselves is this solving a valuable problem that our customers will see great value in. And then we also look at, okay, where will the funding for these come from? So you mentioned VR. So that’s a great example. Especially with our international customers, we’ve been looking at this very closely where the training costs associated with the TASER rollout can actually be several times greater than the cost of all the hardware in terms of logistics of bringing officers in, backfilling when they are off the street, all the time and effort that goes into it. And with VR, we’re going to be able to dramatically streamline the training of officers by creating virtual training spaces, where a lot of it could happen without direct even human oversight from an instructor as they are learning the base its skills. We need a lot of repetition in. So for example, right now, agencies may fire somewhere between 6 and a maximum of maybe 18 cartridges per year. We compare that to the thousands of bullets that they hire. But with VR, they can fire unlimited numbers of rounds. So our anticipation is by next year, every office are going through TASER certification training, will fire over 100 cartridges in VR, really building all the muscle memory and the skill and we will be able to do it in a much more time-efficient way, and we can distribute that training. So for example, a lot of this training, including better recurrent training can happen out at the precinct level or the station level rather than having to bring officers into centralized training locations. If I look at some of the things we’re doing around, for example, some of our AI services around transcription, for example, many of our customers, for example, in Canada, have to provide transcripts of every piece of evidence that is submitted, particularly in murder cases and I believe in other high-level felony type cases. So our ability to provide a machine transcript that’s linked in with the video greatly reduces the amount of time. And we think over time, we will be able to get to a point where there will be no need for human intervention. So everything that we’re doing is designed to create value that will find a place somewhere where we’re displacing inefficiency in the current budget or in some cases, competing products like what we did with our ALPR service, that historically, agencies might pay $18,000 to $20,000 per vehicle to put a bespoke ALPR dedicated hardware camera system. We’ve turned that into a virtualized service offering, which just sits as a layer on top of our existing in-car camera. So our in-car camera is cost competitive, all on its own and provides really great value. And now they can choose to turn on ALPR just as a software service layer running on top. So I hope that’s helpful. Just in general, as we’re looking at all of these we both make sure we’re solving problems that are valuable to solve and that there is a path for the budget to either come from increased efficiency, reduce costs or displacing some existing competitors.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you for that. And then for a follow-up, it’s for Josh. You talked about international bookings really ramping up and I was hoping you can kind of give us a bit more color and context in terms of what your international customers are buying? Are they buying fleet TASERS, body cameras? And how are they consuming everything? Are they assuming it within a bundle, or are they consuming it all kind of a la carte one by one product by product?
Josh Isner: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sami. I think our strategy is really unchanged. It’s one of landing and expanding. So we’re – there are some customers that start on the body cam side, and they say, hey, this is the number one problem we’re looking to solve right now. Then over time, our job is to make them really successful in their first deployment, and then evangelize our other products to in tandem with the body camera. And in a lot of cases, probably more commonly in international start on the TASER side and build a lot of trust and drive great results and then have kind of earned the right to sell other products in our product portfolio in. And so I think it’s a healthy mix of those things. It usually starts with one of those two core products. And I think what you’re seeing is some early signs that customers are getting a little more open to cloud internationally, which is exciting, but that will be a long-term process to move kind of major federal governments of these international customers over to cloud. And we’re seeing more openness to deploy our next-generation TASER devices as well. So team is doing a great job executing, certainly playing the long game internationally, and there’ll be some really exciting quarters where we have double-digit or triple-digit bookings growth, and then there’ll be others that are kind of more par for the course along the way. But when we add them all up at the end of the year, we’re really excited about the year-over-year growth that we will see internationally.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Andrea James: Next up, Mike Ng from Goldman Sachs.
Mike Ng: Hey, good afternoon. Thank you very much for the question. It was encouraging to see the strong fleet sales in the quarter. And I have two questions there. First, is there a better way to understand the sharp inflection in those fleet sales despite the fact that Fleet 3 was launched 2 years ago, it’d be helpful to understand not only for fleet but also to potentially just better understand how purchase dynamics may impact how to think about BodyCam 4 and TASER 10. Thanks. And I have a follow-up.
Josh Isner: Yes. Absolutely, Mike. Thank you very much for the question. We’re excited about fleet, and we see – we talk about this from time to time, but 5 or 6 years ago when we launched Fleet 1 might have even been a little longer back than that, is really a body camera attached to a windshield. And we learned a lot. We built Fleet 2, which got us to kind of parity in the market. And then Fleet 3 was a product that kind of accelerated us into a market leadership position. And so there is couple of different dynamics there on the ramp of Fleet 3, one of which is just growing demand for next generation in-car video, company by ALPR and we continue to that and feel great about that. Part of it is where customers were in existing upgrade cycles with Fleet 2 that led to a slower ramp and then a steeper climb or a steeper adoption later. Then another one is just the supply chain environment we’ve been in the last – been in the last few years. Fleet 3 is relying on third-party hardware. And the supply chain team at Axon has just done a fantastic job navigating the COVID supply chain challenges. But now we’re seeing the supply chains opening up and we’re able to deploy more at a faster clip to customers. So I think it’s a healthy mix of those. Maybe a distant fourth would be when customers have to upgrade systems across hundreds of police cars that they use every day, just their requirements for how they do that over certain time frames, can be one that’s a little back-end loaded as well for each of those deployments. So we manage things but we certainly think fleet will continue to scale throughout the next couple of years, and we’re really proud of the team for delivering such an awesome product to our customers.
Mike Ng: Great. Thank you for the very comprehensive answer. And then the follow-up would be, could you just talk about how to think about the translation between fleet sales into Axon cloud growth. Are there any lagged effects to the benefit to cloud or ways to think about how much of the Fleet 3 sales are upgrades versus growth in the installed base does that even matter as we try to think about how that translates into Axon cloud.
Josh Isner: Yes, it’s a great question. It’s really just our hardware strategy paying off, right? Like we really believe that what we’re building at Axon is a network of connected hardware devices, whether they are on the officer’s body in the police car, on the officer’s belt in the skies in the case of Axon Air and so forth. And so whenever we launch a very competitive hardware platform, the biggest value proposition of any one of those products is it connects to the rest of your evidence in ecosystem that you use day-to-day as a police officer or a police administrator. And so that’s really the magic of Fleet 3 is it just – it’s one more thing that plugs into this network that you already use day-to-day. And it leads to a fantastic customer experience. I think this was very much an existing market that we entered into and had to compete against a lot of established incumbents and that took some time. But as we’re really thrilled to be the market leader in this category, and now it’s about distancing ourselves even more.
Mike Ng: Thank you for your thoughts.
Andrea James: Mike, the only thing I add, Josh’s answer was very comprehensive, but I think tactically a little bit what you’re seeing this year is that we now have the supply of fleet that we need, and so we’re able to start fulfilling some of that demand. The only thing that’s really limiting us at this point is how fast we can actually get those cameras installed, which is why we called out the professional services component of just how fast can we get them out and installed at our customer. And then that’s really what will trigger being able to turn on the higher-margin cloud revenue is getting the cameras installed and up running at the customer.
Jeff Kunins: One last kind of thing to add there and ties back to what Rick was saying before. In addition to the price inversion that ALPR made for making this broad available versus the traditional peer expensive on a handful of cars thing. What this does, when a department adopts Fleet 3 with ALPR and respond that turns every car all day every day into a cloud software use case. Where all day, every day, every car across their entire fleet and across their entire city, those vehicles and those cameras are being used as active sensors connected to cloud software to help power the results they are getting. So that further reinforces their connection to the value they are getting out of our overall ecosystem.
Mike Ng: Thank you, Jeff.
Andrea James: Thanks, Mike. Josh Reilly at Needham. Go ahead.
Josh Reilly: Hi, there. Thanks for taking my questions. How should we think about the backlog for TASER 10 post Accelerate? I was able to speak with some customers there at the event who were thinking about buying the 7, but they were then evaluating whether to switch to the 10. Is that something that you are seeing coming out of the conference? And is there any implication for the model here for the balance of the year from that?
Josh Isner: Yes. Josh, as Rick said in his remarks, it does take a little time once we announce a TASER for trials and evaluations to take place. And so you see a little bit of a lag between the interest in the demand and the purchasing. But the good news for us is this is the seventh or eighth time we’ve been through this. We’ve worked through this. We understand what the puts and takes are. We understand how to communicate with customers on this project plan and on how they evaluate and what the timing is. But I think in the back half of the year, you’ll see a really striking kind of demand – or I’m sorry, sales growth in TASER 10, and that will continue for the next several years. We feel fantastic about the product market fit. We feel fantastic about the customer reaction to the product. And now it’s on us to just manage the upgrade cycle from TASER 7 to TASER 10, and we have a lot of confidence that we will be able to do that very effectively.
Josh Reilly: Awesome. Great to hear. And then could we get an update on the Axon Records pipeline? And maybe highlight some – what are some of the key product development priorities for records here near-term? And then is there any profile in terms of customer size or any other characteristics that’s adopting the platform kind of fully from their legacy system and moving on?
Josh Isner: Sure. Maybe I’ll start with the pipeline, and then I’ll pass it over to Jeff to talk about the feature set and some of the differentiators and investments just in the pipeline where we’ve got a 2- to 3-year view of customers that are looking to deploy Axon Records. And part of that is our motion of selling it as part of the Officer Safety Plan and bundle. And I want to give Brian Wheeler and the entire Axon Records team a huge shout out for – we talk about responding to adversity and building really mentally tough teams. I don’t know that there is a better example of this at Axon and the records team hearing a lot of early feedback at times complaints early on in the product’s life cycle. And now we just – we see this as the thing that allows us to become the operating system of public safety for the long-term. And – so we’re very confident in the demand and our ability to deploy customers over the next several years to get closer to a market leadership position there.
Jeff Kunins: Totally. So just on the numbers, right now, actually deployed, we’ve got nearly 60 agencies that represent nearly 20,000 sworn officers who are live on at least one module of Axon Records, and that includes 17 agencies out of today that are already fully transitioned to use – to replace their entirely their legacy RMS. And that already includes some great major cities such as Tucson, Baltimore, Virginia Beach and Fresno with more coming soon. So we feel fantastic about the case of adoption that we’ve got, as Josh said, both in the pipeline as well as what’s already deployed and this overall strategy of getting agencies to get going with at least one module of records, which then very, very frequently transitioned to them wanting to adopt the full product for their – to replace their entire legacy RMS. And you heard me talk when I first joined the company nearly 4 years ago that this was going to be a long journey, but we were confident that over time, exactly as Josh said, we’d be positioned to become the clear leader in this space and both on the strength of the product itself, but again, on its connections and inherent coherence with the rest of the Axon ecosystem, and that’s one of the things that our customers value the most as we sell in.
Josh Reilly: Awesome. Thanks guys. Fun to see the success on that product there.
Josh Isner: Thanks, Josh.
Patrick Smith: Thank you very much.
Andrea James: Will Power at Baird.
Will Power: Okay. Great. Yes, I’ll try to a couple of questions. I guess, first, it would be great to get any kind of early feedback you’re receiving on AB 4. What are some of the features, officers are most excited about? And what’s kind of the feedback you’re getting on the bidirectional voice capability? I mean is that something they are really going to utilize? Do they think they are utilized, they won’t utilize, I’d just be curious kind of what you’re hearing so far?
Jeff Kunins: Yes, absolutely. Thanks for the question. So as you saw in the video and a bit in the shareholder letter, it’s, of course, early days, but we’re incredibly excited about the initial response both from customers, perspective customers hearing about it and accelerate as well as the customers that are actively trialing it. So far, there is both the meat and potatoes things of our best ever battery life and sensor and all of those things, there is the return of the POV accessory and having it unified with the court camera in a way that we have never had before. There is a ton of excitement for both of those things. And then on the comp side, you’ve heard us talking about respond for multiple years now in the growing really, really healthy, both sales and adoption of that in the field, even when there is only been the one way, they are consuming streams up until now. And as agencies are trialing and talking about the bidirectional, we’re getting a lot of enthusiasm for what that makes possible, and in particular, a lot of excitement for this idea of the dedicated Watch Me button on the camera. And the reason why we think we’re getting a lot of excitement for that is, as you heard in the video and from Rick, it inverts the control or the perceived control and puts it right in the hands of the individual officer, it makes the conversation for an officer being, hey, if I need help, if I want someone to watch my back, I can request that, and that creates a proactive signal to command staff, support staff, whoever it is, encouraging the and asking them to jump in on that right now as opposed to today’s live streaming, which requires someone to be deciding to be passively watching and deciding to go in or with signal alerts like that might come in from time to time. So there is a lot of excitement about all of that. And overall, we expect it to keep ramping just as response has over the past couple of years.
Patrick Smith: Yes. I’ll jump in with one of my favorite quotes from science fiction author, William Gibson, who says the future is here, it’s just not evenly distributed. Live streaming when we introduced it a few years ago was a totally new concept. And my tech when we first launched body cameras, this is in an industry where new concepts take a little while to really take hold. But there is one agency in Texas called the Texas Medical Center. We had the chief up during my teeno. He is now live streaming every call for service into dispatch, and his results have been just phenomenal. Imagine just for a moment that you’re a police dispatcher in today’s world you’re probably supporting five different calls happening with 10 to 15 different officers. You’ve got to keep track of what’s happening largely through these cryptic radio messages on a shared channel with the officers you’re managing as well as what other people are managing. And you have very little idea about what’s actually happening at these calls. And then flip to a different world where as you’re doing this, you can have a screen where you can see visually what’s happening for all those officers. And it turns out that our visual system is highly tuned to notice things that are abnormal or out of the ordinary. For example, you are sitting next to somebody on an airplane, right. None of us want to you to creepy person reading the phone of person next to us. And you don’t notice it when there is text is going on, but if they get some photo or something, they will just grab your attention. And even though it’s far in your periphery, you immediately who, I don’t even mean to invade this person precut your visual system is really good at that. Well, now if you are a dispatcher, what we are hearing from TMC is that these officers or the dispatchers are rapidly able to wait a minute, something doesn’t look right with what’s happening here, and they will then tune in and focus. They may call for a supervisor to tune in live, they will dispatch additional resources. In some cases, they are helping officers. One of them noticed somebody who would been in a different call, who then gave that officer of fake ID or a false name. So, I have high confidence that in another 5 years to 10 years, the idea of trying to run a police department with only radio voice traffic is going to see just crazy once you can do this with audio and video and more sophisticated integration of sensors. And we believe we are really on the kind of the edge book clubs we made the decision with AB3 to put LTE into every camera and then allow that to start iterating together with our customers to learn about these new use cases. So, the two-way voice, once you can see a video, the next thing frequently you want to do is communicate with that person and not have to do it over a radio that air traffic is very tightly controlled. It’s not one-on-one. You can’t have a rich conversation. You have to use cryptic codes because you are also transmitting to 15 or 20 other people that aren’t involved in that conversation. So, we are still early in AB4 rolling out, but we think the feature set hits both the transformative new capability and then some simple things like some people love to have the head mounted camera, some like to mount it on the shoulder, many officers prefer the body camera. Those have always been two separate SKUs where you couldn’t reconfigure them. We now have one SKU where we can reconfigure if you go from SWAT to patrol or wherever you can now have many mounting options, and the ability to recharge while you are in the car with a magnetic disconnect map gives us effectively infinite battery life. So, we think this has been a great combination of both transformative and just continuing to deliver on the basics.
Will Power: That’s great. Thanks for that. If I can get a question in for Brittany on free cash flow, has some impacts in the quarter, I think more so than we have seen in the past years. So, any other color there? Just maybe any thoughts just on the free cash flow outlook for the year?
Brittany Bagley: More than what we shared, I wouldn’t say it changes any of my view in terms of our ability to generate free cash flow over the course of the year. We just had some strong seasonality in Q1 in terms of uses of cash, including bonus, commissions, some timing around, permitting stock taxes for stock options, and a little bit of inventory, but mostly some of those more one-time items.
Will Power: Okay. So, cadence of the year is we will see that price step back beginning in Q2, I suppose, and…
Brittany Bagley: Yes. I think you will still see good healthy free cash flow for the year.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Brittany Bagley: Of course. Thanks.
Andrea James: So I’m going to read Keith Housum’s question, allowed. He is in a public place with bad background noise. So, Keith Housum at Northcoast asking, can we provide an update on VR in terms of modules growth, geographic availability, number of users over the past year and our goals for 2023.
Josh Isner: Sure. I can start there, and maybe Rick can fill any blanks in. The – I don’t think we are ready quite yet to talk about user growth in VR or any kind of detailed financials on the product line. Instead, we are really focused on building a platform here for training police officers at a much higher quality well into the future. And so for us, it’s really about, hey, how do we have the foundation built with the skills needed in terms of training between the TASER, a firearm and verbal communication in our community engagement modules. And over time, what you will see is you will see more specific scenario-based modules being released to the market. In order to start, it will be in the U.S., but we are more rapidly integrating scenarios from some of our growing markets such as international and Federal in corrections and otherwise. But again, the foundation of the product has to be very solid between the sensors the officers use and the software that accompanies the experience for the trainers themselves. And so just like with our other products, whether TASER, body camera fleet, it’s about getting the basics right first and then moving quickly once we have that platform very solidly built. And so we continue to be excited about the bookings we are seeing in VR. It’s one of our fastest growing products ever. And we expect that trend to continue for the long-term, but we want to make sure we don’t get ahead of ourselves and really do things right from the ground up.
Andrea James: Okay. And we have four more analysts in the queue and we are going to try to get to everybody, today. Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: I will just stick to one question, just to keep things probing. Can you help us maybe understand some of I guess the gross margin dynamics around some of your newer products, and maybe how you expect that to trend over the course of the year?
Brittany Bagley: Yes. No, I appreciate that. So, we have really called out gross margins as probably being very similar to Q1. And if they improve, it will be only slightly. So, we are really expecting that to be the dynamic for the rest of the year. A couple of things that really go into that are this continued revenue mix that we are seeing from fleet and the growth we are seeing in fleet inherently has a lower margin upfront, plus we have professional services to get it installed. So, that’s an impact to us, which will be a benefit over time. This continued growth in our software revenue over time will be a tailwind, but this year, it is a mix impact for us. And then I would say we would expect as we continue to ramp in T10 to see that improve towards the back half of the year like we were talking about, but that will be offset with some of these fleet dynamics.
Andrea James: Jeremy Hamblin from Craig-Hallum.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks. And my congratulations to Rick and the team on this milestone of being at the S&P 500. It’s a pretty amazing journey over the last – where you guys were 15 years ago. I wanted to ask just about your ARR, which is up nearly 50%. I think probably like the fastest growth on a year-over-year basis, maybe in the company’s history, but certainly in the last 5 years. And you provided a little bit of color in the release on that, but just wanted to see if you could add a little bit more in terms of the dynamics between booked seats versus ARPU. You talked about premium packages that you are getting clients to sign up for. But I wanted to see if you could share a little bit more color around that and how we should be thinking about with your product launches around TASER 10, AB4, I imagine you will be getting some higher bundled packages on a go-forward basis. But any color you could share on that.
Brittany Bagley: Yes. I mean I will jump in and then maybe, Josh, we will see if Josh wants to add to it. But I would say it really is the sort of flywheel taking effect, and so you are starting to see the benefits of that. Certainly, moving some of our customers into our more premium offerings is continuing to benefit us in terms of ARR growth. And then I think you are seeing many, many years of work to get people added into this software and the rep we are seeing from some of the hardware products and to move up the curve started to come to fruition.
Josh Isner: Yes. The only thing I would add there, and Jeremy, I appreciate all the kind words. Thank you very much, and it’s been fun to have you guys on a lot of these calls for a long time now. But in terms of the ARR growth, it’s really doing two things very well. And I give Jeff a lot of credit for kind of simplifying this upon his entry to Axon a few years ago. So, we got to sell new products to our existing customers, and we got to sell our existing products to new customers. And when we do those things, in parallel very well, you see the types of results that we are seeing now. And so as Brittany said, in our existing markets, getting the flywheel going across OSP, but then supplementing now with great results in Federal and enterprise, and corrections and international, it’s doing those two things in parallel, that’s leading to great an exciting growth.
Jeremy Hamblin: Got it. And just one other follow-up here with the launch of AB4 and TASER 10, any color you can share in terms of the adoption kind of cycle times versus what you have seen in the prior ramps, whether you want to compare it to TASER 7 or AB3 faster, slower, more depth on that, that would be great?
Josh Isner: Sure. I would say in the TASER business in general, it’s generally a 5-year upgrade cycle. So, when you a launch – whenever you launch a new TASER device, you see the customers that bought 5-ish years ago as your customers that have the most early interest. And we are seeing that with T10, but the thing we are most excited about, that’s very different from previous generations of the TASER is that customers that are early on or midway through their cycle with TASER 7 are expressing a lot of interest in upgrading early to TASER 10. So, I think that speaks to the kind of the huge improvements in terms of effectiveness, range and so forth that our customers really see and value, and that’s driving them to maybe not only upgrade early, but line up the resources on their end in terms of training to also allow that upgrade to happen on a faster cycle. So, we are very excited and encouraged. Of course, we have got to execute, and we have got to drive that into fruition, but we have got a lot of confidence that our team is capable of doing that.
Patrick Smith: One anecdote I will share, forgive my enthusiasm, but we had one customer at TASER 10, a midsize is in several hundred officer agency that was sitting in the keynote and called back to their chief and they actually changed in order that was in process, and they got the order through, I believe the Chief Signature and the purchasing department of the city by the end of that day. We have not seen something like that again, I don’t want to get too excited from a projection standpoint, but that reaction to me was just extremely meaningful that they saw this as something that was worth really disrupting the whole process to stop an existing order pivot on a dime and get the new thing approved. And then the other thing I would tell you is where I think TASER 10 make a really huge difference is in the international markets. TASER 10, for the first time, I think we have a weapon that could become the officer’s primary defensive tool, probably not in the U.S. because we live in a country watch in guns and officers need to have their legal weapons. But picked your average European country where police are all wearing pistols in nations that really don’t have a gun crime problem. And previous versions of the TASER weapon probably didn’t have enough capability range, enough shots that you would rely on it as the primary tool to defend yourself. And I think we are now crossing that Rubicon. And I think that can really open up the international markets where we have the opportunity to become the primary defensive tool.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thank you.
Andrea James: Erik Suppiger at JMP.
Josh Isner: Erik, it looks like you are on mute.
Erik Suppiger: There we go. Can you hear me? Just kind of a follow-on from what Rick was just saying. You have talked about the international opportunity for TASER as being multiples of the domestic opportunity. As you said you have seen some strength in Europe, can you talk a little bit about the dynamics of how they are adopting your products, is it more of a shift towards the TASER. Is that getting – is that something that can be a bigger opportunity than the body camera, or what are some of the dynamics in terms of the adoption in Europe?
Josh Isner: Yes. To start, Erik, I would say it’s really some of the actions we took 3 years or 4 years ago are really just starting to pay off. And in TASER programs regardless of geography or market, it generally starts with a lower number of units that are aimed at a particular use case, whether it’s SWAT or a certain number of users in a police force. But then once they start seeing early success, that’s really when we see the willingness to adopt the much higher quantities. And really, that’s happening in a number of European markets at this point, and that’s driving some of the exciting growth there. And as we start to reap the benefits of that, we also are planting seeds in other markets where they are, for the first time adopting either dozens or low hundreds number of TASER devices. And then in a couple of years, we will see more proliferation there as well. In terms of the relative opportunity, generally, I would still say body cameras are the longer term, the higher TAM only because you have got higher ARPUs associated with our video business versus the TASER at scale. But they are both very, very compelling opportunities in international and my guess is TASERs will move a little faster as we still – especially in Europe as we still start to evangelize the cloud more and more there. But over the long-term, certainly the body camera and cloud business is very attractive and one that we are really exciting about or excited to continue to grow in some of our international markets.
Erik Suppiger: That’s it. Thank you.
Andrea James: Okay. Awesome. Paul Chung at JPMorgan. Go ahead Paul.
Paul Chung: Hi. Can you hear me? Okay. Great. So, thanks for squeezing me in. Just on – most of the questions have been asked, but just on TASER 10, thanks for all the details on the upgrade cycle. So, the use for – use case for the upgrade is pretty clear given the effectiveness we got to try to accelerate it is quite easy to use. Can you expand on more of the cartridge volume dynamics? And you mentioned kind of a boost on overall margin profile there. Talk about the magnitude would be helpful as well. And is this more of a gradual ramp in the second half? Thank you.
Josh Isner: I can probably start with just what the bundle looks like, and then I might hand it over to Brittany to talk more about the cartridge gross margins and the ramp. In the bundle on this product, it’s really important since you have 10 shots in the device to be able to train and thus, that drives training cartridge demand up, and because each shot is an individual shot, I think over time, we will see duty volumes go up as well. So, we have priced all that into the bundle and you can go on the website to look at the relative pricing versus T7, but that contemplates some of the growing cartridge demand. And of course, as we get up to speed with selling high volumes of these, that has implications for us on automation and how fast we are able to ramp our manufacturing, maybe if Brittany has anything to add there on the margin side.
Brittany Bagley: I think you pretty much nailed it, which is because it’s starting to get bundled in. We are not really thinking about cartridges versus handles separately from a gross margin standpoint. We are really thinking about the full TASER package together. And so as we talk about teaser margins improving as we go through the year and get to the back half of the year. We have sort of – because that’s bundled together, I would view it as bundled together in our margin outlook as well.
Paul Chung: Got it. That’s helpful. And that’s the dynamic for the Axon, the body cam, the new one as well. That’s it from me. Thanks.
Josh Isner: Yes. Paul, I think on the body cam, the only thing I would add there is, because respond is the thing that drives some of the features in terms of the streaming and communication features in AB4. There, there is a real opportunity to sell more outside of the core body camera hardware and service. And while we are excited about the growth and respond, we see some opportunity there for the volume of respond licenses sold to grow over time as a result of some of the new capabilities of the AB4 hardware.
Andrea James: Okay. Great. I think that’s everyone. Do we have any follow-ups, I will give it a second. It looks like no. Thank you for joining us. Let’s have Rick close this out.
Patrick Smith: Awesome. Obviously, excited to be off to a good start, two major new product launches. I think VR, which you guys asked some questions about here was really going to start getting it strived the back half of this year. We have integrated new sensors so that TASER 10 will be first. We will have a really fine-tuned, very smooth, integrated product experience. TASER 7 will follow, and then we will start rolling out various firearms and other platforms. So, we think we are really setting the right stage with these two new products and this progress towards our moonshot to continue to sell value-added premium services and to really go wide with VR. By next year, we think that will be common for pretty much every officer, and instructor who is getting trained on TASER that we believe VR can become the standard. And that’s going to create an opportunity for us to then launch a whole lot more content and services through our VR platform. So, Jeff has just been doing a great job with the team, hiring and bringing in great talent to build all of this and then putting together a strategy for how to layer all the hardware and the software pieces. So, we are just really excited to have you shareholders and analysts who have been of our journey. And we are just getting started. We got an exciting 10-year march ahead of us to cut gun related deaths in half, and I am confident we are going to do it. So, with that, we will see you all next at our shareholder meeting and then at our next quarterly results, I have to wrap up Q2. So, thanks everybody, and have a great night.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-28 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: Okay. Welcome, everyone, to our Q4 2022 Update. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build on the information and tables in that very robust letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. We discuss these risks in our SEC filings.  And before we turn the call over to Rick, we will play our quarterly earnings video, go ahead and settle in. It's about a 10-minute video.
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you, Andre and Angel. Great job. And to our investors, I hope you can feel the passion that comes through in that video. And I'm just so humbled to be a part of this team. And the formula is really work for us is when we focus on one of the most important problems we can solve that gets us solving the things that are also the most valuable problems for our customers. And that ultimately is what puts up the results that you see from last year. So TASER 10 is the most sophisticated, accurate and effective TASER energy weapon we've ever created. It's a huge leap forward.  Future generations may simply take for granted the existence of these truly capable less lethal technologies as if they had always existed. And like all technological advancements that drive our society forward, that is our goal. Now the customer reception has been fantastic. We are incredibly humbled to be at the forefront of breakthrough technology and societal change. Our 2022 standout performance with revenue up 38% and strong profitability and cash flow follows multiple years of exceptional results even through difficult macro environments. Axon's history of superior execution can be traced to a few key things: our vision and mission; our long-term strategic thinking, and that attracts just an amazing team of passionate and talented people and our relentless focus on customers, we build upon a solid foundation of customer trust. And finally, our conviction to double down on investments to drive unprecedented change and cumulative growth.  A prime example of this is the foresight we had more than a decade ago to start building a software business. In 2022, our recurring high-margin cloud revenue comprised more than 30% of the company total. It's great to see our long-term strategies continuing to be a -- to that end, I'll take a moment to talk about areas where we're currently investing to ensure that Axon continues to drive value creation well beyond the 2025 planning horizon we're sharing today. The future policing will include more robotic security, full stop.  We stood up our Axon Air program a few years ago, and we continue to invest in that. We view drone and robotics technology, first and foremost, as a way to extend visibility and communications for first responders. Robotic security is already playing an increasingly important role in search and revenue natural disaster response, crime and accident scene reconstruction and a new category of DFR or drone as a first responder. We see potential for robotic security to play a greater role in de-escalation. Numerous high-profile cases. We've all seen these tragedies on the news have inspired police departments to do everything possible to reduce the frequency of use of force incidents. Substituting a robot for a human can help in many types of scenarios. One example is high-risk entry with SWAT teams. We see the opportunity to reduce the need for people as police officers to enter a home with firearms drawn, for example. Another area we see coming is the fusion of intelligent ecosystems that integrate with public safety. How long video for multiple types of cameras and sensors to port into one system, both to assist in real-time response and to support investigations. We're also excited about these recent advances in generative AI and Nearly 6 years ago, we published a vision video with the idea that artificial intelligence could one day extract key information from body camera videos, which, together with a brief oral description from the officer can be used to write the police report for that officer.  Well, that vision no longer feels like science fiction. This vision was part of our thesis and our focus in building out our cloud infrastructure over the past decade, and we are excited to see what capabilities we will be able to leverage over the next few years to delight our customers and to make our public tax dollars much more efficient by automating many mundane yet very time-consuming tasks. And finally, when we build for the future, we collaborate with our trusted constituencies. We work with governments, city councils, public safety and our Ethics and Equity Advisory Council. This council provides invaluable feedback. They ask us the hard questions and help us to see around corners. We look to them for assistance in ensuring ethical design and that we continue to work with our counsel leaders who are each dynamic, highly successful and impressive individuals in their own right. And with that, I'd now like to turn over to our COO, Josh Isner, to talk in more detail about the business. Josh?
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. Last August, I talked about four major areas of focus for the back half of 2022. And I'm pleased to report that we delivered on all fronts. First, we are driving discipline and prioritization across the business. We say no to many opportunities. And when we do say yes, we win. The results of our efforts include a phenomenal close to the year with revenue up 44% in the back half and more than 50% in Q4 alone. And then a game-changing product launch of TASER 10 just a few weeks later.  The second area I talked about was investing to penetrate our total addressable market. In our shareholder letter today, we introduced a new TAM analysis which outlines a $50 billion opportunity and shows growth in our core markets. That core TAM, which includes our SaaS categories, cameras, professional TASER, Axon Air, VR and a customer base that includes U.S. federal, international and commercial enterprises grew from $34 billion to $45 billion in our updated analysis. Much of the TAM we pursue today is in areas where our investments have helped position us as a leader and as a pioneer. We see ourselves as the best positioned to deliver on the future of policing that Rick discussed a moment ago.  Thirdly, I'm very pleased to see us deliver on our promise to generate strong cash flow. For the full year, we delivered $195 million in adjusted free cash flow. This was an 84% conversion on adjusted EBITDA of $232 million. This allowed us to maintain a net cash position roughly flat to last year, while investing CapEx to drive global scale in deploying $83 million in strategic ecosystem investments to ensure we stay at the forefront of industry innovation. Finally, we are assembling a world-class team from top to bottom, some of whom you see on the call here today.  This team brings financial discipline, a next play mindset and the capability to drive outside outcomes for the next 5 years and beyond. We are building a culture where we expect to deliver on our commitments to employees, to customers and to our investors. Looking forward to 2023, Working with Britney, we have streamlined our company-wide bonus metrics to four core items. The entire organization is incentivized to measure, drive toward and exceed the following: number one, revenue. Top line growth remains a top priority. Number two, adjusted EBITDA margin, which Bindi will take you through in a moment. Number three, new market expansion in the U.S. federal government and international markets and number four, new product adoption, ensuring that the products we are building continue to be adopted and used by our customers.  We never stopped helping our existing customer base to walk up the value chain and take advantage of our new software features. Finally, before bringing lays out our 3-year plan to achieve $2 billion in revenue, I wanted to provide some color on what we think will help us build toward that milestone. Our path to $2 billion in revenue and beyond will be driven by a combination of selling new products into our existing markets and by selling existing products into new markets. We continue to introduce new products that deliver value to our existing customer base of U.S. state and local law enforcement, and we believe we will continue to grow our share of wallet in that market. Items such as TASER 10, Fleet 3, virtual reality, Axon Records, Axon Dispatch, Axon Air and the multitude of Evidence.com add-ons will continue to drive growth amongst our state and local US customers. In parallel, we will continue to grow international, federal and enterprise, leveraging our core product portfolio. Not only will the combination of these two simultaneous motions create top line growth opportunities for the future, well beyond 2025, but they will also provide multiple paths to our annual revenue guidance year in and year out.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. It's particularly gratifying to see broad-based strength across the business and our strong 2022 execution. Both software and hardware are driving robust performance. Notably, Axon Cloud now represents about one third of our business, carrying best-in-class metrics on growth and net revenue retention. In 2022, cloud revenue grew 50% to $368 million with a 73% gross margin. Annual recurring revenue has grown to $473 million and the net revenue retention is 121%.  In addition, we are incredibly proud of the fantastic job Axon has done selling hardware and subscription bundles. 9% of total revenue in 2022 was tied to a subscription compared to just a few years ago when less than half of revenue was subscription-based. Following on Josh's commentary regarding the GAM opportunity, our updated analysis more closely aligns with our focus as an organization. Axon's core TAM of $45 billion across SaaS categories cameras, professional TASER, Axon Air and VR reflects opportunities and a customer base includes public safety, U.S. federal, international and commercial enterprise. At the same time, the consumer personal protection market remains an opportunity, and I'm currently recruiting for a permanent GM to lead the business. However, as we noted in our shareholder letter, we are refarming our analysis on this market from $18 billion to $5 billion in terms of total TAM.  Almost $5 billion is still large opportunity that we're interested in pursuing, but we are rightsizing our focus to better reflect the normal opportunity we see in our core business. You'll also note that in Q4, we recognized $8.5 million of cloud revenue that we had previously underreported. This revenue relates to work that was completed in prior periods and was unrecognized due to our ERP implementation in 2021. While the impact is immaterial to our financials, it did result in a material weakness. Remediating this will be a focus in 2023, and we have laid out a detailed plan in our 10-K. Against the backdrop of an exceptional 2022 and an improving demand environment, we are thrilled to be sharing another robust outlook for the year ahead. Additionally, now that I've had some time to dig into the business, we are introducing 3-year financial goals. Looking at 2023, my key financial priorities for the year are the following: first, executing against our financial objective of delivering revenue growth of 20%. Second, working towards long-term gross margin improvement. We feel confident in the levers we can pull on gross margin over time, which include investing in automation, improving manufacturing efficiency further growing our software revenue mix and offsetting inflation with pricing. In 2023, we are balancing these opportunities against ramping TASER 10 in the first half of the year, and continuing to catch up on our fleet in-car camera installations.  Our Fleet business carries a lower margin upfront and transitions to high-margin recurring software revenue over time. Third, controlling operating expenses by enhancing our financial discipline. In 2023, we are still digesting large investments we made in 2022 and investing for growth. We are guiding to 20% adjusted EBITDA margin, which implies 50 basis points of improvement year-over-year. Fourth, delivering on our ecosystem vision by leveraging strategic partnerships, investments and potentially M&A. And fifth, setting us up to ensure we are on the path to hitting our 3-year goals.  Turning to those goals. Our 2025 outlook for more than $2 billion in revenue is underpinned by our confidence that we can deliver on the 20% CAGR that we've communicated previously, and as Josh laid out the drivers. Over the next three years, we also expect to drive gross margins and leverage our operating expenses to achieve approximately 25% adjusted EBITDA margins. We are excited to demonstrate the increasing profitability of the business, and this represents significant expansion of more than 500 basis points. We are also focusing on cash flow and through prudent management of working capital and CapEx, we are targeting adjusted free cash flow conversion above 60% on adjusted EBITDA.  This allows us to both invest in our business and deliver attractive free cash flow generation. Finally, we have heard you on share count dilution. And while we will spend the next few years working through existing stock comp expenses, we are committing to bring our dilution down on a go-forward basis. Personally, I'm incredibly energized by the runway we see over the next three years. Axon enjoys a compelling business model, delivering subscriptions to a stable and growing end user market. We enjoy low global TAM penetration, strong customer relationships, and innovative R&D capabilities that are building solutions to meet a critical market need.  With that, I would like to open it up to questions.
A - Andrea James: Okay. Thank you. And do we have everyone in gallery view? Sami Badri from Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri: Just have a couple. First one is for Rick. I think Brent just mentioned that TASER 10 is going to be ramping up in 2023. But one thing I think that you laid out in the video is just the feature set and what TASER 10 actually proposes to a lot of your customers would there be customers that feel very strongly about maybe an early shipment or an early refresh of their actual TASER nonlethal weapon, or would they have to stick to kind of the plan or subscription type time line that they've already signed and are subscribed to?
Rick Smith: Well, great question. I would say I have never seen demand this strong in a new TASER launch in my history in the business, which is great news. The subscription model does already have our customers on an upgrade pathway, but I'm working closely with Britney and Josh on a customer-by-customer basis, and we are getting a lot of increase for people that want to upgrade early. And so obviously, the revenue accounting on the -- on our contracts with the multiple deliveries is a bit complex. So we're taking those on a case-by-case basis. But we believe that overall, we will be able to find ways to accommodate customers to be able to take early upgrades in ways that also work for our shareholders and that are profitable for us and help our customers get this capability sooner without the need for any big onetime expenditures by just being able to bring forward and adjust and obviously, we hope they'll also upgrade to some of our other new capabilities that we're launching some of our new VR and other things. So we think this really -- the business model continues to set up a win-win for us and our customers. And one great example is the ability for us to accelerate the upgrade cycles.
Sami Badri: Got it. Next one is for Josh. Josh, you talked about how compensation will be measured by four key drivers. One of the drivers was actually selling other products or cross-selling. Will that include ecosystem partners that are part of your Axon cloud feature set also being pulled through in the sales motion? Or is that very isolated to just Axon products and services?
Josh Isner: Yes. Great question, Sam. I'd say any time we're a sales agent, there is a revenue impact when we sell through a partner's product. But to set expectations, I think that will be a relatively small part of our overall revenue for next year. So it's part of it. And then when you look at the rep level commission plans, we do have a new product sales team that is essentially compensated in large part in momentum of both new products and partner sales. So that's how we solve for that.
Sami Badri: Got it. And then one last one for Brittany. I'm burning for the 500 basis points of expansion by 2025. Is this going to be back half loaded across these three years just because of the comment you made regarding some of the products, well, the comments you made and the comments made in the actual press release regarding margin neutrality for some of these products. And then as they ramp up with software, does that [indiscernible]
Andrea James: I think Sami froze, but I think we got the gist of this question, so we can answer it.
Brittany Bagley: Yes. So I'm taking the gist of the question to be when might we get to that 25% margin. And we're really looking to make sure we get there by 2025, Sami, like there are a bunch of those puts and takes that we're looking at both for 2023. And certainly, part of getting to the OpEx leverage that we've talked about is getting to that $2 billion in revenue. And so we need to pull those levers, and it's nice that we have multiple different levers to get there, both from a gross margin and an OpEx standpoint.
Andrea James: Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Congratulations on the strong results. I guess I wanted to dig a little bit more into your comments about what's underpinning your confidence for the 2025 guidance. Is there something that's maybe changed with some of your market assumptions or one part of the business that's proving stronger than you anticipated to give you that extra degree of confidence to extend that 20% guidance?
Josh Isner: Yes. Thanks, Jonathan. Actually, I think it's very much that we have a lot of confidence in all of our product categories and market categories that continue to grow significantly year-over-year. And as I'm sure you're aware, we talked about in the past that we do measure five-year normalized in as kind of a forward-looking indicator of what revenue will look like into the future and not only on a gross basis, but on a year-over-year basis, and we continue to be optimistic about the results we're seeing and the 5-year bookings growth in that 5-year bookings growth rate.  And so it's a combination of seeing a lot of really exciting indicators in our new markets, seeing our new product scale and seeing some of the reinforcements in terms of future revenues that the look into bookings provide.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent, excellent. And then just with regards to the TASER 10 pace of adoption, can you remind us what happened when TASER 7 was released? Do you worry at all about maybe customers delaying orders to purchase the 10 million. Just wondering if there's any sort of linearity that we may worry about here just given the step function improvements that you've made or above step function improvements.
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. Without going into too much detail there, I think the 10 forecast is exceeding year one of the TASER 7 actuals from five years ago. So we're encouraged to see that and it speaks to the value and utility of the product. I would say that it's something we're managing very closely in terms of both early upgrades and new customer shipments. And it provides certainly on path to meet our guidance for the year. We're going to exceed our guidance for the year, but there are several paths toward that goal as well. So we don't want to get too far out over our skis here.  We want to make sure that the product we ship is a very high quality one that scales very well in the field. And as we do that, we'll certainly continue to ship all the other high-demand products that we offer to combine for a really nice year this year.
Andrea James: Next question, Eric Suppiger from JMP.
Erik Suppiger: So a couple of questions here. First off, it looks like your TASER revenue was down sequentially I'm curious, was there any reason for that? And conversely, the Axon Cloud and the sensor revenues were up sharply. What was causing that? And I think you had some supply chain constraints that were a factor last quarter. What happened with those various dynamics?
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. I think it's just timing of shipments and orders. And I think toward the end of the year as we looked at the year and the upcoming product launch. We wanted to be thoughtful about with a product launch a couple of years away, just maintaining flexibility for our customers as we knew some might be interested in the next one. And so we tried to manage that as best we could.  And we're very excited to see the supply chain opening up on fleet. I think you'll notice that was a big item in terms of the volume of fleet that shipped in Q4. We expect that to continue throughout the year. We mentioned some of the supply chain challenges historically. We're cautiously optimistic that we're past kind of most of the storm there and feeling good about having the opportunity to ship certainly record-breaking amounts of Fleet 3 this year and of course, plenty of tasers, body cameras and some of our other solutions as well.
Erik Suppiger: Okay. And then your -- can you give us a general idea of how much of your installed base has been migrated to the TASER 7 at this point?
Josh Isner: I don't have the exact number in front of me, but I'd say over the last year, in terms of the amount of CW shipped, TASER 7 was above 80% to 85% of the total there. So I think that speaks to the fact that much of the market had moved over from our legacy smart weapons into TASER 7. And now we have the opportunity to, of course, upgrade all of our early TASER 7 customers. But as Rick mentioned, I think there'll be some that are more recent that will be interested as well. So we're very excited to get as many case tens out there as we can.
Andrea James: Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum: As we look at the kind of coming out, first off, you guys announced a specific data that's going to be deployed. And then second, if we look at past rollouts of the TASER weapons, there's obviously has been some challenges in terms of the gross margin recognition in those first few quarters. So perhaps you guys going to address steps you guys have taken over the past several years to identify and address the bot issue and what you guys are doing different with this rollout to protect your gross margins.
Brittany Bagley: I think it goes to everything from how we design the product to how we design our manufacturing capabilities. We've talked about how when we get to scale, which will happen in the second half of the year. So we are calling it out as a little bit of a potential headwind in the first half of the year. But as we get to the second half of the year, it will be gross margin neutral. And I think the team learned a lot from the T7 launch and took those learnings into T10 and we're thoughtful and careful on the gross margin front.
Rick Smith: It's a little bit there. The Fleet is the first major product to launch under the new regime with Hansberitz running our R&D and John Graf and his team running engineering and building in and others and NPI. And basically, what we saw with Fleet, we injected probably six to 12 months of additional prerelease testing to really validate the product. And that paid off in a big way where Fleet 3 is a very sophisticated product, but it's had among the lowest out-of-the-box return rates and customer bugs reported of any product we've ever shipped and TASER 7 -- I'm sorry, TASER 10 went through very similar. It has been in testing with a highly automated production line for probably 6 to 9 months leading into the launch year. So the level of testing compared to previously when we were maybe a less mature company and still making that transition from the more entrepreneurial days. that there's just a lot more time, effort and expense that goes into the upfront testing, but that is paying dividends in the stability and reliability at which we're able to scale these without some of the challenges we had with T7 in particular, come to mind.
Keith Housum: Great. And has the restart shipping?
Josh Isner: As on TASER 10 will start shipping in March. .
Keith Housum: In March. Okay. And then just if I could, Brian, perhaps you put the context or color regarding the convertible note offering you guys did in terms of plans that you guys have to use that cash?
Brittany Bagley: Yes, of course. One, I would say, as you can tell, because it's been a little bit of time. Now it was very much opportunistic from our side to strengthen the balance sheet and to give ourselves a bit more flexibility from a capital standpoint. And we think we found a time to get attractive terms in the market. So we're very pleased that we were able to proactively get ahead of that. And then I think you heard me talk about how we have been investing in our ecosystem partners, how we might potentially consider M&A as we look going forward. And so we want to make sure that when we find something that is appealing from an M&A standpoint that we're able to be on our front foot and move quickly and smartly going forward on that.  We spent a lot of time on that convertible offering talking about what might we look for from an M&A standpoint because that was top of everybody's mind. And so a little color is, I think, if you look at our M&A history historically, that's probably a pretty good indication where we're really looking for either technology or talent that will support our future product road map and/or our moonshot goals and mission.
Brittany Bagley: Paul Chung at JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just another follow-up on kind of the pace of operating leverage through 2025. The pace accelerates a bit in '24 and '25 to get to that 25%. How do we think about the OpEx base kind of relative to gross margin expansion? And longer term, can you still get to that 30% mark you've mentioned in the past?
Brittany Bagley: Yes. So I think we're really looking at the 3-year guidance that not to say we might not get to 30% at some point. But I think this is really meant to sort of replace that and like, okay, we have a plan in a concrete way to get to 25% by 2025, and then we'll start looking out from beyond there in terms of where we will go.  So I wouldn't say we're calling that, but maybe we're phasing that out and focusing on what is actionable and in front of us and what we really see a path to right now, and that's the 25% in 2025. I think you are correctly interpreting that we've got some puts and takes in 2023. And so we're not putting a stake in the ground specifically on any 2023 gross margin guidance. But we do expect to see both improvement on gross margin and OpEx leverage to get to that 25%. Perhaps over time with a little bit more under our belts, we be able to quantify the pieces a bit more.  But for right now, we're just really looking on driving both of those together to hit that 25%. And again, it's about 50 basis points of leverage in 2023. So you are all correctly picking up on more of that improvement will come in '24 and '25.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up on cash flow. Can you expand on kind of the big upside relative to prior guide and you're above your target kind of conversion rate this year are back in 2022? And then how do we think about free cash flow conversion in '23 and the puts and takes there? And is at least 60% conversion longer term, somewhat conservative given the tough macro backdrop, you guys hit 80% plus mark. Is that -- can we be at that 8% mark pretty consistently?
Brittany Bagley: Yes. No, those are all excellent questions. I might go in reverse order, which is I don't want to say that we'll be at that 80% plus consistently. We're really -- we're looking to be at that 60% plus consistently. And the reason that we're there rather than the 80% plus, even though we did a phenomenal job on free cash flow generation this year is -- if you look at '21, I would say we did a less phenomenal job on free cash flow generation. And so if you look at sort of '21 and '22 together, you actually get back to that roughly 60, 65-ish percent free cash flow generation on average between those two years.  And some of the things that lead to that are investing in working capital and investing in inventory as we continue to grow our hardware business, continuing to invest in CapEx like automation. We have a number of those puts and takes that we've looked at and based on places that we are investing in our cash flow. We really think that, that 60% target on an annual basis is what we're looking for, might mean we do better some years. But I think as you look over a 3-year period, and as we've looked back, that's probably the right expectation level to set. While we are growing at the kind of rates we're growing at.  So if we are growing at 20% plus anymore, would we revisit that free cash flow target? Yes, certainly. But at those types of top line growth rate, we think that's the right balance in terms of what we're flowing through.
Andrea James: Will Power at Baird.
William Power: I've got a couple of questions. I guess I'm going to start with TS-1, probably for either Rick or Josh work, I guess, a little over a month past TASERCon. I wonder if you have any additional feedback comments you could share from agencies that have been using the device in the field, any comments around level of use, effectiveness, et cetera.  And I guess the second part would just be with regard to supply chain components for both the devices and cartridges as we move through the year here. A - Rick Smith So I'll start off. We continue to get great feedback from the field. I think we've now had something approaching 40 or so different uses. I think we've had -- the one that I mentioned at TASERCon, where it was fired at a running situation at something like 40 feet and the person stumble forward. and the wires broke, but the agency then closed in the other offset of TASER 7. So ultimately, TASER on the day in that use. We categorize that as a partial effectiveness of the T10. And then we did have only one other case where it was not effective, and that was one where it was in quarter use an offered the first dart and turn out the second officer had not been trained on the TASER 10 yet and actually ran in and got between the operator and the subject before we part second art. And so one of the things we took away from that is actually making sure we work with our partners that they train all officers and how the new system functions. So the good news is we're continuing to see very high effectiveness. We -- since TASERCON, we presented to the major city chiefs and the Major County sheriffs with just very significant interest across the board. I talked to one major county sheriff that has had a fair number of shootings already this year with farms, and they basically ran through with me of the cases they've had this year, they think Azure 10 could have changed the outcome in every one of them, which was a pretty remarkable statement.  And I was actually with another major city chief today that told me in her agency, she thinks TASER 10 could have alleviated about one third of their shooting as she enumerated them. So we're continuing to get very positive feedback. I'm about to go on an international tour to the first one I'll do since the TASER TAM launch and start talking to some international customers. Where I think that might be the greatest growth potential internationally because internationally, we don't see many agencies individually issuing TASERs the way they do in the United States.  But TASER 10 could reach a level of capability where it could become the primary defensive weapon. And I think that means in many countries where they don't have many guns in the hands of the public ones are carrying the firearm. In those countries, we might actually see them begin to move to TASER 10 as their primary weapon on very clear. We're going to see that happening in the US.because of the gun culture and the ready availability of firearms and the general public, they will continue to carry both but this enhanced capability in different countries could really be a market-expanding phenomenon. And then what was the second part of your question? I think I was going to let Josh take it.
Josh Isner: Yes, it was just about component availability, I think. Is that right, Will?
William Power: Yes, supply chain components, both for devices and cartridges, what does that look like?
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. So our supply chain team, as always, has just done a fantastic job staying ahead of the curve in what are less challenging times than maybe a year or two ago, but any time you launch a new product, there are a lot of provisions and moving parts leading up to that. And ultimately, we feel really good about our capacity not only this year, but continuing to build out our automation capabilities to more exponentially expand our capacity into the future. And so certainly, we have plenty of inventory to support our revenue guidance and beyond for this year and next year, we're aggressively planning for even higher demand.
William Power: Okay. Great. If I could just add a question on software, continued strong traction across Axon Cloud. Maybe kind of two parts there, too. What's kind of driving the continued DIMs adoption? It feels like that continues to accelerate, I guess, in some respects. And I guess, in tandem with that, maybe just any kind of update what you're seeing with respect to records and other products out of kind of the core evidence category?
Josh Isner: Maybe I'll start with the dentist question and then hand it over to Jeff for records. But the reason I want to take this one will is to give Jeff a huge shout out for the work he's done over the last few years. He's essentially built a team that not only has delivered on the core ecosystem, but continues to build out the last mile types of features and products that make the product, not only that much more valuable to our core market, but also more attractive to our kind of up-and-coming markets in federal and international. And so his team has just done a great job continuing to identify opportunity and market needs and then executing well on the plan to deliver those capabilities and just that flywheel continues to lend itself to more customer interest and more happy customers that will buy more over time. And so that's been the backbone of our dems adoption. And maybe Jeff, I'll take it over to you on records.
Rick Smith: Sure. No, that's awesome to hear and I couldn't agree more about the power of everything we've done to continue to make the overall suite more attractive, both in aggregate and in the piece parts. And I think just building on what Josh said, that also combines with the power of our OSP flywheel model because as we continue to both add new capabilities into the bundles and ad where appropriate new tiers of the bundle that just makes it, again, easier and easier for agencies to make one simple choice to get access to this very Amazon Prime or Microsoft College basket of both hardware and software benefits that they buy at a price that feels great to them even for the subset of the components that they know they want to use upfront.  And then as they go forward, all those additional benefits of basket feel free because they've already made the what feels to them like a good deal price for the basket and that drives the flywheel. And on top of that, who aren't yet in those programs, all a care are more and more and more seeing the value of those add-ons and incrementally growing ARPU as well as adding new logos. On the record side, again, we continue to be both humble and really excited and optimistic about the continued growth and trajectory. Just sort of using the same numbers we've talked to you about over the last couple of quarters. with growth. Now we have over 50 agencies that represent over almost 18,000 sworn officers live on at least record one module of Axon Records. And that includes now 16 agencies who are already using the product to fully replace their legacy RMS. And that includes, at this point, major cities such as Tucson and Baltimore, Virginia Beach and Fresno.
Andrea James: We have three analysts left in the queue and [indiscernible]
Josh Isner: AJ, just real quick, I think will deserve a shout out for the best T-shirt on the call today. That's the 10 shops and 45 feet from the TASER 10. So great fashion sense.
Andrea James: So we have three analysts left in the queue, and we're happy to go past the top of the hour, so we can make sure we get to everyone. We love the engagement. Jeremy Hamblin, at Craig Hallum.
Jeremy Hamblin: Congrats on all the momentum in the business. So I just want to start with a high-level question. In terms of thoughts around M&A, strategic investments, you guys have a pretty robust balance sheet, that has been building I wanted to get a sense on terms of what you might be looking at on a go-forward basis in terms of scale, size of potential opportunities, whether it's strategic investment or M&A? And then to get a sense, are there any guidelines that you're looking at in terms of whether or not a deal is accretive or dilutive Obviously, you've kind of changed some of the viewpoints on stock-based comp and so forth, so to reduce future dilution. I wanted to get a sense for how you guys are looking at that.
Brittany Bagley: Yes. No, it's a great question. For us, it really is about either vending technology or teams that fit in well with our mission and/or our business model. And so there are multiple parameters that we are looking to evaluate companies on. And so it's always sort of a multifaceted equation for us as we think through them. That's not to say that we aren't looking at whether or not something is financially attractive to us. but it could be across different metrics. It could significantly increase our TAM.  It could help us get conviction on supporting that 20% growth long, long, long term? Or it could be accretive to our gross margins or EBITDA margins. So there isn't sort of one set of things we're looking at, but we're really looking at ways that we can find companies that tuck into our ecosystem. We're looking to really integrate the technology and present a holistic Axon solution as we look forward. And then I'll just note that, that dilution number is really sort of an organic dilution number. So I think we have a strong balance sheet. I think we can certainly use cash for that. If we were going to use equity, I would consider that separately from what we're doing from just an internal stock comp expense standpoint.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. That's helpful. Then a couple of product questions. So first, coming back to TASER 10. I wanted to get a sense, you offered some guidelines around bundled pricing. But wanted to get an understanding for versus the TASER 7, what your kind of net ASP might look like on a go-forward basis vis-a-vis kind of 10% higher ASP.  Obviously, there may be higher cartridge use given the product. So that's one on the TASER 10. And then secondly, you had a pretty massive quarter in Axon Fleet. I think, by far, almost double what you've ever done in a quarter. In fact, almost as much as you've done in many years. So I wanted to just get an understanding of -- was that a couple of really big orders? Or is there something specific to that product that you've really gained traction and now maybe we're past certain life cycles on prior contracts where you guys are just gaining more share? Any color there would be super helpful.
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. Thanks a lot for the question. Nice to see you, Jeremy. On TASER 10 ASPs, we're not going to get too prescriptive there, but I'd say you should expect an uplift over previous generations and -- that's part due to the hand price and also part due to the number of cartridges in the bundle relative to previous models. And so I think we published the list prices on the website, so you can kind of derive from that what type of uplift to it will be in our bundles. So there'll be a slight inherent discount associated with any product in a bundle, but at a high level, that's kind of the story with TASER 10. And then with Fleet 3, no outsized orders like just a lot of volume, and you should expect that to continue and and maybe even higher levels this year.  The product has great product market fit. It's a well-built, well-designed product. the ALPR functionality associated with it is in high demand. ALPR is one of our fastest-growing software add-ons across the business. I think historically, you might remember our Fleet One system, which was more or less a body cam attached to a windshield and then fleet two was the moment where we got to parity -- but then Fleet 3 was the moment where we really surged ahead of the market and became the highest -- the largest selling in video system and public safety. And so actually, I think that's a path you can expect from a lot of our products over time where we reach parity with one version, and then we really accelerate ahead. And so we're really excited about the progress with Fleet 3, Blake Bullock, our product manager and our entire team on Fleet 3 has just done a fantastic job there, and we're really proud of the progress. Still a lot of work to do, but Encouraging to see that product take shape as the highest demand in-car video system and public safety.
Rick Smith: Yes, just a pretty think Fleet 3 is like the perfect example of the power and the beauty of us being both an IoT hardware devices company and a cloud software company under one roof because we can deliver an end-to-end experience that not only functionality-wise, but then economically really feeds off of itself as part of our flywheel. And so not only is Sweet hands down the best straight up hardware and car camera system that's ever been released. But in combination with the revolutionary improvements we made to democratize access to great ALPR, it makes it an extraordinarily attractive software add-on to buy that they can either buy the front or they can easily add at any point later with just the flick of a switch, and the whole thing works end to end the with the rest of our suite. .
Andrea James: We have two folks left. Elisa Shreve is on for Tim Long at Barclays. Elisa, you're off mute, but we're not hearing anything come through Okay. Let's go to Josh Riley from Needham.
Josh Riley: It seems like there's more opportunity for you guys to have some competitive takeaways in body cams in the U.S. based on our discussions with customers. Is that what you're seeing today? Or would you characterize more of the growth in 2022 as a greenfield with officers who didn't have a body cam at all?
Josh Isner: I think, Josh, the nice part is it's a combination of both. We continue to sell high volumes of body cameras to new customers, but we also continue to see existing customers buy more and deploy more widely. And then, of course, by more and more of our features that are on top of the body camera and so -- in peripheral products like fleet and virtual reality and drones and so forth. So it's a nice healthy mix across the board, and we're very excited about that. We want to diversify the number of ways we can achieve these types of results. And I think we're doing that, and we're very excited about that trend.
Josh Riley: Got it. That's helpful. And then can you just remind us, is there any seasonality around any of your products or just the overall business that we should be aware of as we're modeling revenue for 2023? And how could the TASER ramp impact the first couple of quarters of the year's TASER revenue, if at all?
Josh Isner: I think, again, like we've got a number of ways to deliver in each quarter. And so it's -- of course, if we start out with strong shipments of TASER 10, then that makes the path easier, but that's not our only path. And so we're excited about the fact that between all of our hardware products and just the growing base of software revenue that we have in the business that we've been thoughtful about our guidance here. We believe it's very achievable. We continue to expect to grow 20% year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter.  So we'll continue to to execute here and make sure that between TASER shipments and all of our other products that we're very thoughtful about how we guide.
Brittany Bagley: Yes. And specifically, I would say, Josh, we're not calling out anything unique on the shape of the year. And so I would expect pretty typical seasonality for us. even with T10 coming in, like we still have really nice strong T7 performance. And so we've got a lot of puts and takes to Josh's point, and I would say, for your model, think about normal seasonality.
Andrea James: Elisa, should we try one more time? Okay. Go ahead. Let's have Rick Smith close us out.
Rick Smith: All right. Well, again, it's always such a pleasure to be able to share results like this. Josh, Brittany, the whole team, some of the other names you heard, a lot of people working really passionately and hard to turn these results in. And I couldn't be more excited to see how this year unfolds. TASER 10, Fleet 3, our software products really starting to scale themselves as you're seeing in the financial results. So a lot of exciting things look forward to. We look forward to seeing some of you accelerate in April at our shareholder meeting, which I believe is coming up in May. And then we'll be back to share Q1 results here in a few weeks as well. So thanks, everybody. We appreciate the opportunity to work for you on such an amazing mission.
Andrea James: Good bye.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone. Welcome to our Q3 2022 earnings. Thank you so much for joining us and our executive team today. We hope that you've had a chance to read our shareholder letter at investor.axon.com. Our prepared remarks today are meant to build on the information in that robust letter. . During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, and we discuss these risks in our SEC filings. And before we turn the call over to Rick, we will do our investor video. [Audio/Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: Thank you, Andrea and Angel. Our year-to-date results are pretty exciting with revenue growth of 32% in the first 9 months. So what's the secret sauce that's driving this revenue growth Josh and Brenda will provide color on the details, and we also outline them for you in our shareholder letter. But at the highest level, we provide products that solve real-world problems. Our solutions work -- we make our customers happy, we keep them safe and the public benefits. So we benefit and our shareholders benefit. I've been spending a lot of time with customers and communities on our Moonshot goal because helping the public to dream with us deepens our relationships and answers about the broader questions about why we invest in the areas that we do. It also paves the path for us to keep innovating in areas that will make a difference. We have been really heartened by the buy-in we've seen on the Moonshot, bringing together groups that you don't normally see alongside each other. These include the fraternal order of police, the African American Mayors Association, the major county shares of America, the national organization of Black Law Enforcement executives and the National Policing Institute to name just a few. A common reaction I've been getting about our moonshine is well, this all sounds great, but how are you going to do this? Look, we don't have all the specific answers just yet. Just like when Jack Kennedy challenged the nation to put a human on the moon, not all the tech existed yet. But we have a good idea of where Axon can invest to move the needle. Using technology to solve deeply entrenched challenges is why I founded the company and why we're here today. Aon has been and will continue to double down on our investment in things like number one, nonlethal tools, such as our enormously successful TASER platform. We believe the majority of TASER adoption remains in front of us. We're still under 10% penetrated in terms of our global TAM. And we're working on some really exciting technology over the next 10 years to help hit our goal. Number two, virtual reality. We're seeing a lot of interest in our VR training, which we sell on a subscription to customers. Number three, cameras and sensors that never miss a moment. Over the next few years, you're going to see us introduce next-generation body cameras, and we'll keep them a tie between our real-time operations and our devices, which brings me to #4, real-time and remote response. The public safety sector deserves public safety-grade communications tools that are as easy to use as consumer technology. They deserve better situational awareness and it will help them improve their decision-making and their ability to respond effectively. Also, we believe that remote response can limit human exposure to danger. Our thinking is that we're moving the officer from harm's way leads to safer outcomes for everyone. And this is why we're investing in Axon Air. Our drone solutions as a first responder as well as counter drone technology. Number five, we're investing in community impact, engagement and feedback tools. such My90, which is a tuck-in acquisition we completed last year of a company that essentially allows the public and rank and file officers to anonymously deliver feedback to police leadership. This tool is already helping police departments deepen trust with their communities. Number six, we're investing in more comprehensive and actionable response to resistance reporting. This includes both traditional use of course, and de-escalation data. Data collection tools today either don't exist or they don't talk with each other very well or the data is just not collected in a way that's very useful. We believe the public is hungry for better data, especially on incidents involving in support. And we believe we can meet this need. And we need this data to reach our Moonshot. Now we know the Moonshot Gold will not be easy, but we also know that the private sector and companies like Axon have a unique role to play. As I look at our team, which includes leaders like Josh and Britney I'm confident that they'll ensure we continue to invest prudently with a high degree of accountability to all of our stakeholders, driving the business model that creates impressive value creation, solves some of the most challenging problems facing modern society. and delivers great shareholder returns. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to Josh.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. During last quarter's call, I mentioned that the primary thing we can control is where we collectively focus our attention. Our sights remain set on continued top line growth, which I will address and margin expansion over the long term, which Britney will cover. We are increasingly confident that we can do both well in parallel. On the top line, we are very pleased with quarterly revenue of 34% and our Q4 outlook for 40% growth at the midpoint. We're having a strong year, and we are seeing a strengthening of demand across all product lines. Britney will unpack the revenue growth in the quarter for you shortly. But I'd like to take a moment to touch upon what we believe will sustain healthy growth rates of 20-plus percent for the years to come. We're growing along 2 axes. The first is expanding our product suite for existing customers. Both Rick and the shareholder letter talked about a product road map where we believe we can continue to deliver premium solutions to customers at a compelling value proposition for them. We want to make it super clear that our state and local law enforcement business is nowhere near saturated, and we see a long and wide runway for continued growth. We believe that in the next 5 years, you will see Axon emerge as the leading operating system for public safety, strengthened by our strategy of focusing on the customer experience and not cobbling together point solutions that don't work well together, which is the current state of the industry outside of Axon. The second axis is deferred buying into new markets by both adding new types of customer profiles or users and by adding to our core customer base. You can think of our core customers as falling into roughly 4 categories of funding sources, the U.S. state and local governments, the U.S. federal government, international government customers and commercial enterprises. Simultaneously, the types of users we are adding to our platforms is expanding beyond law enforcement. We are adding attorneys, fire and EMS personnel, corrections in the U.S. military and the funding for those types of users generally rolls up into the 4 sources I mentioned. I'd like to update you on 2 of those 4. First, our progress with the U.S. federal government and second, touch upon international growth. We are very excited about our U.S. federal government business. In the first 3 quarters of 2022, the federal government has booked contracts exceeding $200 million, up from an approximate $15 million to $20 million run rate just a few years ago. Annual revenue has grown to the tens of millions and our deliverables now extend over the next several years. Our progress with the federal government is a direct result of our intentional investments in both sales channel and product. We have been building trusted relationship with agencies that are now finding value in our products and missions and our commitment to helping them be successful. And while we can't necessarily name all of those customers, the breadth and depth of the federal government's interest in our entire product line continues to excite us. And now turning toward global expansion. We continue to refine our international go-to-market strategy. We see 2 things as being the drivers and even the accelerators to international growth. The first is continuing to innovate on our TASER platform. We believe the total TASER installed base has room to grow by more than 5x over time. And as we continue to develop technology that potentially matches a pistol in terms of stopping power, we think we have the opportunity to become the primary defense weapon in several international markets. The second thing we are focusing on is helping European customers overcome their historical resistance to cloud solutions. This is a playbook we ran in the U.S. starting in around 2012. And domestic state and local customers at first were very averse to cloud-hosted software, and we successfully evangelized the cloud to build a business that now tops $400 million in annual recurring revenue. We are starting to chip away at cloud acceptance in the EU, and we see European governments starting to adopt other commercial services for cloud, and we believe that this bodes well for our international SaaS business. Just like in the U.S., once we overcome that initial version, strong adoption of evidence management will follow. Finally, last quarter, I told you that I am working on building the team that Axon needs for the next 5 to 10 years. We are thrilled to introduce Brittany Bagley, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Business Officer. She brings a wealth of experience not only as a public company CFO, but also as a seasoned board member and investor in the technology segment. We sought to attract an executive who brings a NexPlay mindset, versatility, mental toughness and a strong capability to deliver outside outcomes and we are excited that Britney brings all of those qualities to Axon. Based on working with Britney over the last 40 days, I can say with confidence and excitement that the future of Axon's core strategic and financial functions is very, very bright. Now I'll hand it over to Brittany.
Brittany Bagley: Thank you, Josh. Hi, everyone. I'm thrilled to be on my first official Axon earnings call. I want to start with a big thank you to the team for making it such a great quarter and to Jim Zito for doing such a nice job in the interim CFO role. It's an exciting time to have joined such an incredible company. I'd like to share a little about why I joined and where you'll see me put my focus over the coming quarters. While there were many reasons to join, 3 main ones that I would like to highlight include the strong leadership team, the company is inspiring mission to protect life and the compelling business model.  On that last one, especially, I think the combination of the hardware ecosystem the company has been building along with innovative software solutions creates a powerful flywheel that is both high growth and profitable, which provides a relatively rare position in the technology world. Additionally, delivering mission-critical products to public safety customers who purchase on long-term contracts makes Axon's revenue both recurring and dependable. As Josh discussed, we continue to have a lot of growth in front of us, and I look forward to supporting our mission and a profitable growth trajectory.  To that point, my areas of focus will be on helping the team continue to execute and deliver strong results over the next several years. As both CFO and Chief Business Officer, I get to take a strategic and holistic view of the business to ensure we're making the right long-term decisions to deliver on our mission and our financial promise. Near term, that means spending time, better understanding Axon's gross margin potential and how I can help move the needle on other metrics we care about, including overall profitability and cash flow. We see opportunities to improve gross margin by investing in automation, driving manufacturing efficiency and improving fixed cost absorption as we scale. Driving the revenue mix further towards software is also a key gross margin lever over the longer term. We are also focusing on controlling OpEx by enhancing financial discipline while still investing in research and development and sales channel expansion to support future growth. In addition to leaning in on operational areas of the business, I am also focused on helping Axon to deliver upon its strategic ecosystem vision, leveraging partnerships, investments in M&A, to truly become the leading technology hub for public safety. Turning now to the quarter. Our domestic business grew 37% year-over-year in Q3 and continues to make up more than 80% of our revenue. This strength came across the board, supporting strong TASER segment growth at 19% along with great Software and Sensors segment growth at 51%, which was driven by Sensors growth of 51% and Axon Cloud growth, also at 51%. One of the great things we're seeing domestically is strong demand for the premium versions of our products and bundles. Beyond the strength in our core business and the traction we're seeing on our software and cloud revenue, we continue to be excited about other areas of growth, including our international business, which delivered 20% growth in Q3. We had a strong Q3 gross margin of 62%, which represented more than 100 basis points of sequential improvement. The increase was primarily due to the strength of Axon Cloud and the overall product mix in the quarter. Axon Cloud gross margin in Q3 benefited from our new long-term contract with Microsoft Azure. While this benefit will continue, we also have low to no margin professional services costs which supports the setup of these contracts and the mix can change quarter-to-quarter. That doesn't change our view on exceeding the long-term target of 80% plus for the software business, but we do expect quarterly variations as a result. In addition to the sequential gross margin improvement, the strong top line revenue allowed us to achieve good operating leverage in the quarter and resulted in adjusted EBITDA of $68 million or 21.7% margin. Finally, I wanted to touch on our outlook. Given the strong quarter, we are raising our annual revenue guidance to a range of $1.15 billion to $1.16 billion, which reflects about 34% annual growth at the midpoint. This also implies Q4 annual revenue growth of 40% at the midpoint. Turning to our adjusted EBITDA. We are raising our outlook from $200 million to a range of $215 million to $220 million, which we believe demonstrates strong performance on profitability. Our Q4 adjusted EBITDA is expected to be in the range of $49 million to $54 million. Implied margins are down slightly sequentially from Q3 on product mix and less OpEx leverage but remained strong overall with an almost 19% EBITDA margin implied at the midpoint for the year. We are proud of our performance and outlook, and they speak to the bigger picture that Rick and Josh talked about, which is the overall strength of the business we are building. We look forward to delivering another strong Q4 and setting ourselves up well for 2023 and as we execute against our financial objective of profitably delivering a 20%-plus top line CAGR going forward. With that, I would like to open it up to questions back to Andrea.
A - Andrea James : Thank you, and we have you all in the queue. So if you're on the call, assume we've got you in the queue. Thank you so much. We'll take our first question from Josh Reilley at Needham.
Joshua Reilly: All right. Very impressive results during the quarter. I guess maybe starting off, you had a pretty significant revenue beat here, obviously. How much of a tailwind are you seeing now from stimulus government funds from programs like the ARPA beginning to hit budgets? Or is that something that you see more of an impact in 2023, and beat in Q3 is driven more by budgets that haven't been impacted to date by those budgets?
Josh Isner: Yes. I don't -- Josh, I appreciate the question and nice to see you again. I don't necessarily think there's a ton of correlation between our momentum and results in any onetime or kind of recurring government subsidy for products. I think ultimately, we're building a very strong business where there's a very high ROI on our products and our customers continue to see that and not only buy more of them, but buy more and more premium levels and licenses. And so while those are nice moment in time types of tailwinds for some customers, I don't think they have any major implication on our continued growth, and we're very confident that independent of those factors, we're building a very strong and consistent business.
Joshua Reilly: Got it. That's super helpful. And then the TASER gross margin was down sequentially and remains probably below where you guys wanted. I know that's a focus now for Britney as you're evaluating cost there. But was there anything specific in the quarter that brought the margin down sequentially? Or any color there would be helpful. .
Brittany Bagley : Yes. I would say that we have been investing in everything related to our manufacturing capacity as well as supply chain for the TASER. And so you have seen that impact the gross margin this quarter and a little bit year-to-date. I think it will be 1 of the big areas of focus as we look to improve gross margins is making sure we can really scale into those costs and scale as we get leverage on ross margin over time.
Joshua Reilly: Got it. Congrats again.
Andrea James : Next question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho : Let me echo my congratulations as well. I wanted to start out with your commentary around sort of the higher-end bundles and maybe customer behaviors that are leading to more selection of that higher-end bundle I just want to understand sort of why you're seeing this behavior and whether you expect it to purchase or not?
Josh Isner: Yes. Certainly, Jonathan. I think the first thing I'd say on those bundles is even though we're seeing a lot of demand, there's a white space ahead of us in terms of adoption of those bundles, especially in state and local, and it's really driven by the adoption is driven by the idea that in those bundles, we're adding more and more value-added add-ons.  And so Jeff's team is doing a fantastic job understanding accidental contact -- sorry about that. The I think Jeff's team is doing a great job understanding some of what the customers are wanting in future releases of our products and then going back and building those things that are highly valuable. An example of that is transcription. And another example is VR, both of which exist in our more premium version of the Officer Safety Plan, and that's driving a lot of customers toward those bundles. And so we'll continue to iterate on that strategy and make sure that the things that are the most highly valued in tandem with our core products appear and bundles in a way that make the customer excited about the potential of buying all of these items and features at 1 time and 1 license.
Rick Smith: Josh, I would add to it as well. What I'm seeing with customers, I haven't -- I can't think of a customer that's been like gone up to a premium bundle and gone down the other direction, that the more stuff they use from us, the more value they see in it and very sort of the flywheel effect where what I'm hearing from customers is they just want to put more of their solutions with Axon. -- they struggle with technology. They're hamstrung by really long, complex procurement rules that make it very difficult for them to be agile in what they're doing. And so I think we've earned their trust and it's really incumbent on us to keep earning it every day. So we don't break this dynamic, but it does seem to me that they're pretty consistently moving up the ladder each time we launch something that integrates with the other stuff. It's paying off, it's working well. And again, a lot of that just goes to awesome execution and Jeff the product team.
Jonathan Ho : Excellent, excellent. And just as a follow-up, with the U.S. Fed opportunity -- U.S. federal government opportunity, what has been most impactful in terms of helping you break into this market? I mean, obviously, it's been a target for a number of years, but it seems like things improved from a step function perspective. what initiatives or what level of education do you have to sort of provide to kind of get further into the U.S. debt opportunity .
Rick Smith: So I'll start and then maybe hand back over to Josh. I think investing to get that ramp accreditation for the Eves.com system early. It was a bit of a bet when we did it, right? It was expensive. It was difficult to invest in that. And I think to this day, we're still the only Fed ramp accredited or certified system and all these federal agencies that want to use the cloud, that obviously gives us a tremendous advantage. And then we've obviously seen things like the administration moving towards standardization with body cameras. And then Richard Collin, who we hired a few years ago, is really, I think, just done a great job building out a team that really understands the federal space and is building some fantastic relationships.
Josh Isner: Yes. I'd just add to that, Rick, especially on the last point. For us, every problem starts with how do we build a strong team, full of subject matter experts that we can trust there instincts and expertise to execute. And when we brought Richard in, that was 2 years into our business, and we haven't quite cracked the code on how to run a growing federal business and just bringing him on along with a very talented team with him as well as more and more product focus has just unlocked this amazing opportunity and even though we've had a phenomenal year and seen a literal 10x in bookings at this point in the last few years, we still think we're very much on our own side of the field and have a long way to go to maximize the full opportunity across federal, but we really believe we have the team in place to do that. 
Andrea James : Next question, Erik Lapinski. Go ahead, Erik. And from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Lapinski : I maybe want to just follow up a little bit on the federal side because it looks like at least the deal with the Veteran Affairs was pretty comprehensive across the product portfolio, whereas I know you're in other federal agencies, maybe with some products but not all of them. I guess just would be curious on that, like as you're moving into newer federal agencies, do you see the opportunity for more of a sizable kind of across the spectrum deal upfront? I maybe haven't seen 1 that included fleet previously. So it would be good to just kind of understand the vision there that some federal customers are having and kind of if you are seeing more of that.
Rick Smith: Let me start first, and then I know Josh is going to want to talk to this, too. I would say this is where we see the advantage. We talk about being a mission-focused business. And a lot of times, that can sound like puffery or kind of fluff, but it really is true. We are running this business to solve problems we're passionate about. And of course, we also want to run a rigorous business where we have financial models that make sense. But the finance has come from the problems we solve and infusing that in every employee, I'm just so impressed with the team and the attitude they've got where it's all about keeping our customers productive and safe and happy, and we really give a lot of latitude to our teams to make things right. And where that pays off is we don't think of these as just contracts we're going to sell and make a few bucks to move on to the next one.  And so we get phenomenal customer references and the investments we make in really delivering a great product to the end user, not focusing on winning the bid RFP sort of bureaucratic process I think, builds the type of things where you see these relationships where people even relatively early on, they're cross checking with their other agency customers that are similar, and they're getting the confidence to give us a large part of their technology ecosystem. So I think that's the underlying thing is the focus of the team on really the passion around the business to build things that really delight and protect our customers that give customers the confidence to go do that. But I'll turn it over to Josh to maybe give a little more color to federal specifically.
Josh Isner: I think Jeff was going to chime in first, Rick. .
Jeff Kunins: Yes, sure. I totally echo everything Rick said. And then combined with that, you've heard us talk a lot, whether it's in margins or in many other places about scale and our flywheel and leverage over time. But in the way we invent and deliver our products to our customers as we do these market segments, expansion. The same thing is true there as well because you can think of leverage where we've spent a decade on our core dams and cameras products and then even longer on TASER. And at this point, even internally, what we have is small surgical dedicated parts of our engineering team for these expansion markets like federal who can inherit all of the common aspects of those products that are already fit for purpose for all segments we're competing in, but then overlay on top of that in a very focused way what our federal customers need to tailor those existing products to unlock federal. And then over time, as that keeps getting even more and more large and well situated, you'll see us build bespoke products that might be first for federal after we've earned the right by building out those sockets with loyalty to the products that we already had.
Josh Isner: And I'd just add, finally, I think, to your question about fleet specifically, Eric, in federal, I think is we'll have 1 or 2 products off the bat that are nice fits for the customer and expand for lack of a better term from there. And then there will be other customers that see the value across the board in terms of what we offer and want to engage in a more extensive contract upfront. I think we still maintain the belief that either way, longer term, the customer ends up in the same place, which is very happy with Axon's full suite of products. And the VA is a great example of an agency that trust us on day 1 to deliver all of it. And in some other cases, we'll see that same phenomenon over time.
Erik Lapinski : Awesome. That's really helpful. And maybe if I could just sneak in a follow-up. But more focused on records. It looks like in the release, you included at this point, you kind of have 40 agencies and 12 doing a full replacement. Just as we think about, obviously, a full replacement a very intensive workload. How much are you being relied on for that type of work? And do you see opportunity to potentially streamline that or build software around it over time that makes it kind of more simplified, I guess, in moving fully to records and just to understand maybe some of the time lines you're seeing with those 12.
Jeff Kunins: Sure, I'll take that. So like we said, we're -- I think like you see when you talk to anyone in the industry, where we remain -- these are big complex deployments just like ERP systems and things like that, and there's nothing that will ever change the fundamental physics that those are big, complex systems because they have big complex work to do, but we are -- we remain extraordinarily optimistic and confident in our long-term trajectory and growing our leadership position in this segment. But we're approaching it and we think a humble and disciplined way, one deployment at a time.  And as you heard us share we are both continuing to go up and to the right steadily in agencies adopting records overall and for their full deployment and the -- our ability to continue to scale up a number of those that we're working on simultaneously and the amount of bespoke work per each successive deployment, both of those are going in the right direction. And so I think you'll see continued steady and accelerating momentum there, but we also are not going to get over our skis and B2 Chess before we've earned it.
Erik Lapinski : Awesome. Congrats on the good quarter.
Andrea James : Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum : Sure mute my stuff here. Guys, again, everybody else is saying during the phenomenal quarter. But as we look at some of the individual results, Axon Fleet sales were down 15% from the prior year Acanos down as well. Could the core even better? I'm assuming if you had access to some of the I guess, materials you wanted there. I guess perhaps provide a little bit of color on some of those 2 sites that did not perhaps do as well as some of the other items in your portfolio?
Josh Isner: Yes. Certainly, Keith. And I don't necessarily want to speculate on what the quarter could have been. We're really proud of where we landed. But I think it is an indicator that the future looks bright for a variety of reasons, including increased fleet shipments. We did run into 1 or 2 minor items with the hubs that power our fleet unit from our supplier, but the good news is in Q4, you'll see that demand rebound substantially, and we expect to see our best ever shipment of fleet -- quarter of shipments for fleet specifically in Q4 and the strong demand continues well into the future there. And we're very excited to continue to build on our market lead in that product line.
Keith Housum : Great. And just as my follow-up and maybe, Brittany, I put you on the hot seat here for your first time. As we talk about the Moonshot goal, how does that fit into Axon's I guess, existing R&D budget and the financial profile? 
Brittany Bagley : Yes. I mean I think the way we philosophically think about it is that we can achieve both really healthy top line growth and head towards that Moonshot. And do that profitably and have a really nice bottom line as part of the business. And so to your point, that will be a balance for us as we go forward. But of course, with our growth, we're not going to stop innovating. We're not going to stop investing in R&D. We're not going to stop coming up with great new products. And so it's just that a lot of those will be focused on helping achieve that mission, but all inside the financial profile that we think is the right long-term profile for the company.
Keith Housum : So I guess I hear it in our way, you don't have to see a significant expense increase for R&D as a result of this large goal?
Brittany Bagley : No. There's nothing specifically we're calling out on that. I do think we will continue to invest in R&D, and we've been consistent on saying that, but this wouldn't necessarily change that profile in a way we're calling out today.
Andrea James : Sami Badri at Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri: All right. My first question was on the 20% annualized growth target I was hoping you could kind of give us an idea on how you're going to get there, either by new subscriptions, existing subscriptions that are seeing some price increases as a function of new features -- maybe you could kind of give us an idea on the composition of that 20% growth. And then my second question is on CapEx. It looks like your guidance was reduced for the year. Could we just go through the puts and takes on that, please?
Josh Isner: Sure. I'll start with the revenue growth question and then hand it over to Brittany for the CapEx question. I think, Sami, there's -- one of the beauties of our business and business model is there's a lot of different ways we can achieve exciting growth -- and it's not 1 specific thing. I think there are -- some of the things you mentioned are very much in play. We'll continue to invest in new products that delight customers and cause customers to want to buy more at higher pricing tiers and more premium bundles. But I think it really bought boils down to 2 specific things.  One is -- we're going to do a really good job of building new products for our existing customer base, meaning state and local U.S., especially, how do we introduce new products into that base over time. And the second one is applying existing products to newer markets like international, federal and enterprise. And we really believe -- we're doing those things well in parallel, and we'll do them even better in parallel next year. And of course, by doing so, that opens up kind of growth opportunity on both of those axes. So I'll probably leave it at that for now and hand it over to Brittany for the CapEx question. .
Brittany Bagley : Thanks, Josh. I mean, I think the only thing I would add is I think it's exciting how many levers I see the business having in terms of where and how it can grow. There's an enormous amount of opportunity. So now you have to focus and make sure you're executing against them and going after the right ones, but the opportunity is there. I think from a CapEx standpoint, what we just highlighted is we are making some CapEx investments this year, and some of those are getting really pushed out to next year. It's more of a in a timing piece than a fundamental change in strategy.
Sami Badri: Got it. I have one more question, and it's mainly on working capital and just inventory. Do you foresee inventory levels just consistently stepping up from now all the way perhaps maybe until the end of 2023, just a function of supply chains and components and all those other factors that are essentially increasing inventory levels? 
Brittany Bagley : I'd say there are 2 things right now that are driving our inventory investments. One is, we are still not out of supply chain challenges. So we still have products that are supply constrained that we would like to get back in stock on and get to a better inventory position. And then I think, too, just with the types of growth we're seeing across some of our products, we need to continue to invest in inventory to support that top line growth.  So I do think you'll continue to see that be just a strategic area of investment. I think at the same time, one of the things I talked about is really making sure we are doing a good job with our free cash flow. And so as we get to '23, we'll have to work to make sure we're appropriately balancing strong free cash flow generation with making sure we have that inventory we need to support the top line.
Andrea James : Paul Chung with JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: Yes. Okay. So just another follow-up on the free cash flow. So you're putting up record numbers here and have kind of seen free cash flow conversion surge as well. So talk about how the firm has driven the higher conversion? Is this kind of sustainable here.
Brittany Bagley : I think it's been a big area of focus. The team has done a nice job specifically stepping up what they've been doing from a collection standpoint and paying more attention to our accounts receivable. And so that's a lot of what gets us. I think as we go through the rest of the year to our free cash flow targets. And again, I think it's just -- of course, we need to balance with our inventory investments and making sure we're in the right place from that standpoint, making sure from a CapEx standpoint, we're investing in the business where we need to invest in the business. But there should be some good free cash flow characteristics that we can continue to focus on.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up. On the investments you're pursuing, we saw a lot of that at the show. So we're seeing some momentum across your investment and what can really become more material over time, what do you get excited about on the investments there? 
Brittany Bagley : Yes. Well, I'll start and then maybe I'll let Jeff jump in a little bit, but I get excited in a couple of places. One, there really is this incredible ecosystem that the company has created where the hardware and the software have a flywheel to benefit each other. You heard us talking about how more customers are buying the premium parts of our business. And so that's really proving out the software. And so I get excited that we can make investments in partnerships that continue to drive that ecosystem. At the same time, with my CFO hat, we're going to be thoughtful and we're going to be disciplined about where and how we invest but I really do think we have a unique opportunity in front of us with that as a lever to continue to pull things in. And I think what's great is the more you can bundle some of these products together, the more powerful each one is. And so it's just a great opportunity there. But Jeff, I know you spend a lot of time thinking through the ecosystem and products and where we should make investments. So if you want to add anything.
Jeff Kunins: Sure, absolutely. Thanks, Brittany. Again, thanks for the question. Yes, I think of it, of course, very similarly, I think in 3 core areas. One, as Josh said earlier and Rick alluded to in people not stepping down, the power of our bundles, I sort of belay my own Amazon roots and the power of things like crime or other similarly situated models. The fact is that giving customers for a fair price that they already think is a great deal even for a subset of the benefits that they already know they want to use. And then once they've done that, they have access to at what feels like free to them an additional and steadily growing set of product benefits that just light up.  In fact, just today, I was talking with one of my team members who was at 1 of our major city customers who's already in a particular level of our bundles, but they weren't using performance, for example, and they had been approached by another company with a stand-alone product at IACP, and then we help them realize and remember that they had access to performance and boom, they instantly started using it, and now they're more excited about the bundle than ever. I think the second across our ecosystem, as you've heard Andrew and all of us talk about is not just our own first-party product, but more and more and more the story or the narrative or the idea of the Axon network is becoming more and more tangibly real as customers have and use both our own products and our partners' products, whether that's Block or Fūsus or DroneSense or [D-Drone], yes, it's great that they can sometimes buy those on one piece of paper, but the actual products themselves light up in ways that weren't -- were just a moments in a video, a demo vision idea not too long ago, and now they're real.  And then the third that gets me excited about in our own products is more and more of these magical connections and leverage from our software services adding value to our hardware, even once that hardware has already been deployed. And the 2 greatest examples of that are Respond. And so the many, many, many hundreds of thousands of our AB3 body cameras that are now have respond paid licenses connected with them and those agencies using those real-time connected features respond, which is both a paid add-on and great value and ALPR-as-a-software connection to Fleet 3.  And the absolute peanut butter and chocolate combination that our customers are finding of having both the world's best hands-down stand-alone in-car camera system, but that being connected to the world's best cloud-powered democratized access price point and ethically design ALPR system. So it's those connections, both inside our first-party products and across us and our partners' products. That's super exciting for me.
Andrea James : Will Power at Baird. Go head, Will, you are up.
Will Power: I guess a couple of questions. First 1 is probably for Josh, maybe Jeff, but nice acceleration in the software revenue in the quarter. I guess I'd love to get any other color around the key drivers of that. How much of that is tied to OSP 7+ adoption, attorneys and dams. I mean what's kind of leading to that acceleration when you've seen the last few quarters?
Josh Isner: Yes, certainly, Will, nice to see you again. I think it's really just a combination of a few things driving more users to our more premium licenses, expanding our user base to more software-only use cases outside of kind of core state and local, you mentioned attorneys, that's certainly a big one, and there are others along that same realm -- and then just increased overall adoption across Evidence.com even within state and local, we continue to add users every quarter, and we see some of that also in federal and international and enterprise as well. So goes back to really focusing on selling more into our existing markets and then opening up new markets in parallel, and that's 1 of the places we're seeing some of the results. And of course, there's a lot more work to do there as well.
Will Power : Okay. And then maybe just second question, for Britney. Just as we look at margins, EBITDA margins going forward, I know you touched on it, it sounds like you expect EBITDA margins to dip in I guess it would be great to get any additional color there's going to be higher revenue than I think at least we were modeling previously, obviously, down from Q3, are there seasonal issues there? Q3 obviously helped most helped by the outperformance on the revenue side. But then, I guess, in tandem with that, just your broader thought process on EBITDA margin expansion over the next few years as you move into '23, what does that kind of comp look like relative to '22? Any other kind of frameworks that can help us with there. 
Brittany Bagley : Yes. So I think a couple of things going on in Q4 are we talked about having slightly less leverage on our OpEx -- we do continue to invest in OpEx as we head into the fourth quarter of the year. We have also talked a little bit about how it's still a very positive margin for the overall year. So we'll get to almost 19% EBITDA margins. But I think if you look at sort of last year to this year, what you really saw was gross margins came down year-over-year, and that's a lot of what was impacting our EBITDA margins year-over-year. So we actually have managed to get some OpEx leverage if you look at some of those numbers.  And so as we look and start thinking about what is that going to be like in the future, it's 1 of the main reasons that I'm really starting by digging into gross margins and where can we get some continued leverage in gross margins. That all can then flow through to the bottom line and support what we come out with in terms of longer-term EBITDA targets. We'll have more for you on '23 when we get to our Q4 earnings call, but really looking forward to digging in there and being able to provide some more of that color.
Andrea James : Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum.
Jeremy Hamblin: Congrats. Brittany, I want to follow up on that last point, actually. So gross performance was pretty solid especially with a lot of the revenue upside tied to 83 cameras. And now that you've had obviously still getting familiar with the company and the opportunities and so forth. But I sense that there is a notable tone change in terms of opportunity on gross margin and that, that may be like a key focus on a go-forward basis of where there's opportunity. So I wanted to get a sense for the timing of -- well, A, how much low-hanging fruit do you think there is because maybe if you're going to gain 500 basis points, how much of that is easy and how much of it is -- you're going to have work hard? So I wanted to get a sense of how much opportunity you think there is overall? And then also the timing on what you think if -- again, I'm just throwing something out there but how much of the gains do you think could happen in the next 18 to 24 versus a five or six year slot? 
Brittany Bagley : Yes. No, I appreciate the question. I mean I would say I think that the business has been well run. And so I wouldn't say there's any glaring low-hanging fruit, but I would also say it's a business that's come through many of the supply -- well, still in many of the ongoing supply chain challenges. So -- the company has been paying PPV and having to invest in manufacturing capacity and automation and all things, I think, that have been talked about but should start to see some benefits going forward as we continue to grow, as we continue to get scale on some of those investments, hopefully as we get to a more normalized supply chain, you saw the growth in software, which is higher margin for us. So that product mix is very important going forward. I think all of those things are the things that we're going to need to do to drive gross margin improvement. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And in a similar vein, then in terms of -- it also sends that maybe your OpEx growth might also be -- there's been a lot of investment over the last few years. And a lot of that was new product rollout and not that you're not still iterating from there. But it does -- I do get the sense that now you're going to mature or realize some of the opportunities in those business that it's taken 4, 5 years to lay the foundation and start to see a little scale. Is that a correct read that obviously, continue to invest, but maybe the rate of growth in your OpEx might be a little bit lower than what it's been in the last few years. 
Brittany Bagley : I mean I think that we're certainly looking to get some good OpEx leverage as we continue to grow. But I also -- I don't want to leave you with the impression that we're not going to continue to invest in their growth because the opportunity in front of us is just so enormous you should all want us to be investing behind going after that. And so I think we're going to continue to be really thoughtful about where we do that and make sure we're getting a good return on those investment dollars, but both from an R&D standpoint and then some of these new channel opportunities are big and you're starting to see that pay off in federal. And so we would like to keep doing that and keep driving that top line growth, just doing that profitably and making sure there's a good balance there and a good focus on really getting return for the dollars we're investing. 
Andrea James : We’ll go a couple of minutes over. Erik Suppiger at JMP. Go ahead.
Erik Suppiger: On the international front, can you talk a little bit about kind of the near-term strategy? I'm not sure if there's a time line associated with the 5x opportunity that you envision there, but can you talk a little bit about kind of your lead products and how you're going to develop the international markets?
Josh Isner: Sure. I think generally speaking, the focus, Eric, is really to land with 1 product, whether it's on the CEW side, the video side, interview room, in-car video, any of our digital evidence management products, and there we'll bet on ourselves to continue to grow the adoption and numbers and volume of that 1 product, but we'll also grow the adoption and volume of other products along the way.  So right now, we still remain focused on doing everything we can to grow in the U.K. and Canada and Australia being our Tier 1 international markets, but also just finding 1 product to fit in all of these other large national police forces and from their supplement with our additional products. And I think it's working well. We've seen a lot of interesting TASER adoption this year in markets where we haven't really participated before, but we also see a tremendous pipeline going into next year and the year after, not only across TASER, but across body cams and cloud. So we're very excited about the prospects of international, and it's really about that land and expand strategy that we talked about earlier in the call.
Rick Smith: Let me jump in and help the I think, in particular, this Moonshot, right? One can look at that and say, okay, well, how do I tie that back to the commute return to the company? And what we're trying to do is push ourselves not to just think of, in particular, the TASER as a product that we're going to incrementally -- making marginally better than the last version, but how do we absolute the bullet? How do we become the primary defensive weapon and 1 that doesn't fail? When we do that, we will move the TASER from a specialist item that a few officers or a specialized team may have to where every officer is going to need one.  Now in the United States, Police will carry a TASER on 1 hip and a gun on the other. In most international markets, we don't see that dynamic happen where vest-in, I think maybe a more American approach to carry both devices. When we start to approach the stopping power and reliability of a pistol with a nominative weapon, I think that will be a game changer where -- not in the United States, the United States has unique challenges because of the gun culture broadly in the country, cop certainly need to carry both for quite some time. But if you think about France, Germany, Spain or [indiscernible] international where officers are routinely wearing handguns, if we can give them something that's similar in performance stopping power, I think we'll see those countries potentially shift to where a TASER energy weapon can become their primary device and suddenly we go from 5% to 10% of a police force to approximating even a 100%. So I think that sort of thinking is going to pay off in really break out moments of growth for us, particularly in the international space.  And then the other piece is the Cloud. We are hammering the way. It's taken longer than I thought it would in Europe, in particular, to get acceptance to the cloud over the same objections we saw in the U.S. a decade ago. We're seeing some bright spots and signs of light. And I think if we get 1 or 2 leading customers to crack and prove the cloud is safe, but we'll start to see the dam break there as well. So I'm particularly excited about the international opportunities led by TASER overall.
Erik Suppiger: Does the TASER take time? You had talked about the Moonshot and getting to the point where it starts to obsolete bullet. Does that imply that the lead product would be the sensors and dams until TASER starts reaching that level or what -- how do you think between those 2?
Rick Smith: Well, I'd say in many markets, the TASER is already a lead product. It tends to bring us, I think, into more markets because of its unique value proposition. But I think that will accelerate as we continue to step up its capability to move from a specialist capture tool to a highly reliable personal defense system. I don't know if you want to make any additional commentary, Josh.
Josh Isner: I think that covers it, Rick.
Andrea James : We'll take questions from one more list and then Rick will close this out. Logan Hennen from  Northland Securities.
Logan Hennen : Congrats again another great quarter. So with our first question, we were hoping that you guys could shed a little light around what percentage of sales is currently coming from the federal government -- and how do you guys expect that to change come fiscal year '23 and '24?.
Josh Isner: Yes. Logan, I appreciate the question, and thanks a lot. I don't know that we're going to go into that level of detail right now. I'd say our focus in federal continues to remain on growing bookings and total contract value, with the expectation is that flows to the top line and revenue not only upfront as those contracts are signed, but over time. But at this point, we're not prepared to break out federal revenue. And maybe we'll reassess later. But at the moment, we're stick with the way we're reporting it. 
Logan Hennen : Yes. Understandable. So our next question is, what should we anticipate for fourth quarter bookings? What have you guys kind of noticed so far? Do you expect that to be the highest in any quarter this year?
Josh Isner: We do expect Q4 to be our highest bookings quarter of the year for sure and maybe even ever depending on a few factors there. So we're certainly excited about it, but that's the extent to which we'll elaborate on that right now. 
Andrea James : All right. Thank you, Logan, and thank you, everyone. We're going to have Rick close us out. 
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. And of course, thanks for our shareholders. It is with great pride that we're able to deliver results like this and it is an amazing team. I got to tell you, Josh Isner, having watched him grow in his career is just an amazing team builder and he gets a lot of credit for helping us find and recruit Brittany, who -- This is her first call with you guys, but I can tell you, we're already feeling the magic that she's adding to the team. And of course, Jeff and the amazing team he has built over in product, and he's continuing to just bring in amazing talent.  So there's never been a better time to be at Axon or the Moonshot. We didn't blindly make that promise without some pretty clear vision of how we're going to get there. So to get to the move, we're working on the Saturn V and the Eagle Lander and a lot of really awesome tech, you can expect to see over the next couple of years.  So with that, I'm going to wish you all a happy holiday season. Thank you for your patience and sticking with us. Many of -- been following the company for a long time. We're delighted to see the investments we're making in the past pay off, and we're excited to show you where today's investments will pay off tomorrow in the future. So if I don't see you all, enjoy your holidays, and we look forward to talking to you in the new year.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-09 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: [Abrupt Start] ….today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. And before we go to Rick, we will open with our earnings video. [Video Presentation]
Rick Smith: Awesome. All right. Well, I will launch in. Andrea, and Angel, great job, as always, on the quarterly video, that's fantastic. Great way to share all the exciting stuff with our shareholders. Okay. We're executing on what is shaping up to be a really excellent year. And our confidence in our growth extends well beyond 2022. We emerged from the pandemic and civil unrest of 2020 in our strongest position ever. And now we're fortunate to be able to leverage that position and strength, while many parts of the economy are experiencing uncertainty. We're seeing broad-based strength across our product numbers, and we're really energized by the growing number of agencies that are buying nearly everything we offer and signing up for 10-year contracts, sometimes even 12 years. It's exciting to see an agency go all in with Axon. We set a vision several years ago that an agency wouldn't just say, well, we have a TASER device or maybe we have body cameras and Evidence.com, but would instead simply describe Axon as their technology partner. And that's starting to happen now. When agencies sign up for all of our software solutions, plus our body camera, dash camera, the TASER 7, the VR training, our drone solution and so on. Customers are increasingly demonstrating their confidence that we are the right technology partner for them for the next decade. We made it easy for our customers to bet on us, because our team delivers. Now on to some other hours. We expect profitability to improve in the back half of this year. We expect to drive increased leverage coming out of Q2, when we had some expenses that won't repeat, more on that coming from Jim in a moment. Also, we recently launched an internal campaign called, spend it like it's yours to climb down on some low-hanging fruits such as travel expenses and swap. In fact, we created a new position of pointing a swag czar who must approve all purchases. Being scrappy is not new to Axon. We're just taking it to another level of rigor. I was recently quoted in the Wall Street Journal as last week saying, it's good to go on a swag detox. Not every event needs a T-shirt, and we need to balance the need to travel against what we can do over Zoom, such as maybe sending one or two key representatives to be in the room and having others join online. We're continuing though to hire and invest in this environment, and we're disciplined about it.  Our bar for talent continues to move higher, where we have seen other technology companies slowdown their hiring that presents us with opportunity. And you'll see some of that in our increased headcount spending in the second quarter. Thinking back to 2008 in that downturn, we invested in creating the cloud and body camera business, while our competitors were pulling back.  The results of that decision are measured in billions of market cap. I say ages favor the adaptable and we see times like these when the work for talent pools as an opportunity to advance our mission, so will come out of far stronger and more competitive. Our commitment to generating strong cash flow and operational discipline is shared among the entire leadership team. You'll see in our shareholder letter that we've revised our expected capital expenditures this year to reflect slower pacing on our net campus investments. We're adjusting our pacing to reflect a world that is still in flux, as we determine the best and highest use of the campus, optimizing for the new world of hybrid work, as well as the best and highest uses for our capital. It's more important that we get it right than we get it fast and we are preserving optionality. Finally, I feel great about the trajectory of our C-suite. Since our last call, Josh Isner was appointed COO; and Isaiah Fields an 11-year earn veteran of Axon was promoted to our Chief Legal Officer. Also, we've made a lot of progress with our CFO search, which Josh will highlight in a little bit more detail. In the meantime, Interim CFO, Jim Zito, hasn't missed a beat.  Before turning over the call to Josh, let me take a moment to share my thoughts about Josh's leadership skills. First, Josh's promotion to COO was really a natural progression for him and for Axon. Josh has been a rockstar since the day he got here, and he exudes sheer confidence. He built the revenue stream and embodies our core value to own it. For the past 7 years, Josh has owned quarterly revenue delivery, where he's helped us establish an excellent track record. Josh is highly focused on delivering results and executing and exhibits excellent discernment. I'm thrilled with our partnership and our working dynamics. We have a rigorous and healthy back and forth, and I'm very confident in his leadership during the next phase of rapid growth. And with that, now let me turn it over to Josh Isner.
Josh Isner: Thanks a lot, Rick. I appreciate that and it's good to see everybody. In my new role, I'm humbled by the trust our team, our customers and our shareholders have placed in me. We are working hard every day to deliver on our mission and drive exciting growth in tandem with margin expansion. Here's what that looks like in terms of where I'm investing my time and focus.  First, I'm working on building a world-class team from top to bottom. as opposed to focusing on simply filling the needs of today, I'm working with our leadership team to build the team we need for the next 5 to 10 years. We will focus on a next play mindset, versatility, mental toughness and the capability to deliver outsized outcomes as the core characteristics of our team. That starts with the search for our new CFO. We have made a lot of progress in this area, and we are very excited about the candidates that we have attracted. We hope to have someone to announce shortly that I am personally thrilled about. As Rick said, I couldn't be happier about the partnership we've had with Jim. His steady leadership has allowed us to take our time with the search for a permanent CFO. He has been the consummate teammate and done whatever the team has asked. I sincerely appreciate Jim's leadership. Second, I'll be driving discipline and prioritization across the business. The one thing each of us truly controls is where we focus our attention. We have a lot of exciting opportunities to go after. And as you all know, we will unlock maximal value by focusing our efforts only in the areas where we can have the most impact and deliver the most value for our customers. That is the optimal path for shareholder value creation as well. For every opportunity we say yes to, we will say no to dozens. And when we do say yes, we will win. From there, our job is to block out the noise and execute. Third, I will be ensuring that we are aggressively pursuing our total addressable market opportunity. We value that at $52 billion, and it continues to grow as Axon unveils new products and unlocks new markets. We view our channel as one of Axon's core differentiators, and we will continue to invest into new geographies and customer segments such as commercial enterprises, federal and adjacent markets. We will also be scaling our VR, drones, records and dispatch businesses. For every single one of our product lines, our best days are ahead. That includes the TASER business, which is changing the world for the better and it's just getting started internationally. I think you're going to be very pleased with what you see unfold here over the next couple of years. And finally, the entire management team is looking forward to turning on the free cash flow spigot over the next several quarters, which opens up a lot of options for us as a company. This is totally within our control, and we are implementing a plan to optimize the level of execution in this area. We can do a lot better here. With that, I'll hand the call over to Jim.
Jim Zito: Thanks, Rick and Josh. Hello, everyone. It's great to see you again. We had an excellent quarter, as you can see in our shareholder letter. Let me put some context around the results and how we are thinking about our outlook. Top line momentum continued with growth of over 30%, and gross margin improved sequentially. We delivered second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $50 million, a margin of about 17.5% largely reflecting some expenses that were unique to this quarter. Let me unpack that for you. During the second quarter, we spent about $1 million on Axon ACCELERATE, our annual user conference, which has become strategically important to our sales pipeline, technology leadership and ecosystem expansion. Additionally, we committed more than $3 million in incremental mid-year bonuses to employees at the senior director level and below. This was an intentional decision given the team over delivering on results in an environment where inflation was impacting their lives. We did so precisely because we had line of sight to stronger-than-expected revenue, both in the quarter and in the back half of the year, which is reflected in our updated outlook. We are especially pleased that we could issue this bonus without affecting our projected adjusted EBITDA margin percentage for the year. The fundamental strength of our business allowed us to demonstrate our commitment both to our shareholders and to the team members who work so hard for our customers. With that context on the quarter, we are already focusing on moderating expense growth going forward to help drive adjusted EBITDA margin expansion. Our working capital needs were $23 million in the quarter, and we have already started to see some of that reverse in July, which is driving us to maintain our full year adjusted free cash flow outlook. Finally, I'd really like to highlight our commentary in the shareholder letter about our technology partner ecosystem, which was exciting to see in action this past May at ACCELERATE. In June, we renewed our strategic technology partnership with Microsoft Azure, who will continue to be the primary host of our software platform and cloud. This is a great partnership for us in many ways. Microsoft is a global leader in cloud technology. Of course, they need no introduction. Our customers trust Microsoft and thereby feel secure putting their data into our cloud. As part of the renewal, we extended our contract term for another six years, which gives us long-term pricing certainty and cost visibility for our Axon Cloud business. The renewal supports our software gross margin target of more than 80% and also paves the way for faster international cloud expansion without diluting this target. And what's also excellent about this partnership is the ability it affords us to offer pricing predictability to our own customers. So it's just a winning deal all around. We also highlighted several of our ecosystem partners in strategic investments during our Accelerate conference and in today's letter. The investments we make are driven by our long-term product strategy, which is set under the leadership of Rick, Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins, and Josh. Our corporate development team led by Andrea has been a key thought partner in enabling Axon to grow into its role as the definitive technology hub for public safety. We take pride in our approach to identifying emerging market leaders in the high-value sectors that we know well, integrating their solutions with ours and combining them with the power of our direct sales channel and deep customer relationships. Importantly, the structures our corporate development team has negotiated on behalf of Axon provide us with significant flexibility and optionality on the investments we make. The ability to obtain customer feedback experiment with product integrations and see how our teams work together, allows us to preserve optionality for our business, delight our customers and expand our technology ecosystem in a highly efficient way. And with that, Andrea, let's take questions.
A - Andrea James: All right. Thanks. Here, we all are in gallery. We will take our first question from Will Power at Baird. Go ahead, Will, you're up.
Will Power: All right. Great. Thanks, Andrea. I propose the two that maybe the next Analyst Day would be at the racetrack and we can help you test ALPR. I'd like a couple of quick questions. The cloud growth continues to be strong. Obviously, Evidence.com is a key component of that. But I'd love to unpack any of the other kind of key drivers there. What are you seeing with record management, any of the other kind of key pieces of the software portfolio, what does the traction of trends look like?
Josh Isner: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Will, and nice to see you again. I'd say for us, we've talked about this a lot in the video. I mentioned our flywheel for us. The biggest thing we can be doing quarter-to-quarter is driving the number of officer safety plan subscriptions up. That bundles essentially all our products outside of dispatch that we sell – sorry, dispatch and fleet. And it provides optionality for customers to opt into records, but it – it provides a nice base for ARR between the license, all the software add-ons, the TASER, the virtual reality. And so for us, that's really the major focus in our state and local business is to drive as many renewals and purchases of that plan as we can. In addition to that, I think we are seeing exciting growth in some of our newer segments, one of which is federal, another is international. And then even in newer ones like justice and corrections, we're seeing an uptick. And so I'd say, all of those are combining to just provide a lot of wind in our back, as we go on here and we certainly still feel like our best days are in front of us.
Will Power: That's great. Josh, maybe just one more for you. As you look at the international opportunity in front of you, any perspective on how the macro climate is or isn't impacting sales cycles, demand trends, et cetera, that's kind of the broader question. And then number two, tied to international in your prepared remarks, it sounds like you're feeling better and better about the TASER opportunity. What -- maybe just any other color or perspective what's driving that optimism?
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. So internationally, in general, to answer your first question, I don't think we're seeing any kind of macro impacts at this point in terms of adoption, interest, buying cycles and so forth. I think we've performed in the TASER segment. We are seeing national police forces by larger order quantities of TASERs than we've seen in the past, which is really exciting. Because when we're talking about a national police force, five, six, seven times the size of NYPD and they're starting their purchases and in the thousands, the high four digits into five-digit, thousands of units of orders, like it's very exciting, because we know that we're very good at kind of the land and expand type of playbook. And so, we look at these as really good indicators for the future of our TASER business, and we do -- we are working with more and more national police forces across the world. And I'd say on top of that, our execution in our Tier 1 markets, the UK, Canada and Australia has been really strong, where we continue to see more adoption of Evidence.com and body cams, but also kind of our newer features on Evidence.com like real-time streaming and transcription. And so, the next step for us internationally is going to repeat -- is going to be to repeat that same level of execution in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets. And there, we've got to do a really good job of evangelizing the cloud and helping customers understand why the cloud is far, far better as a mechanism for storing and sharing digital evidence. And so, we're working through that process. We'll continue to build there. But we're really excited about all the work our International team is doing and they're really focused right now on driving the results upward.
Will Power: That’s great. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] We'll take our next question from Erik Suppiger from JMP. Go ahead, Erik.
Erik Suppiger: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Good quarter here. One, I don't know if you said this, but can we assume that backlog grew from the end of Q1 to the end of Q2, or how should we think about some of the backlog that you carried in from Q4 into Q1? And did that roll into Q2? And then, secondly, any comments about supply constraints? Did that improve or where are we from a supply-constrained -- supply chain constraint perspective?
Josh Isner: I can still -- 
Jim Zito: I take the first half of that. I guess, yes, so we can disclose future contracted revenue, Erik, in the letter. So that grew to $3.3 billion. So it was up versus a little bit less than $3 billion as of the end of Q2. And then, yes, there's really no -- nothing -- in Q4, we had some unfulfilled demand that rolled into the first half of the year, but we're sort of back to more normalized levels, obviously, quarter-to-quarter order inflows. And I guess, Josh, do you want to take the supply chain, please?
Josh Isner: Sure, thing. And I'd just add to that, just traditionally in the back half, revenue performed stronger than the first half. So we're -- we see plenty of demand still and certainly are going to execute against that demand. In terms of supply chain, in general, our supply chain team has been one of our top- performing teams at Axon. As you can see in other businesses, companies are getting hit hard by supply chain constraints. Our team has just done a masterful job navigating through some of those challenges. And frankly, this is one of the reasons we do keep some inventory on the shelves to get through periods like we've had over the last few quarters. And so we think at this point, things look better and better each quarter. Like we do feel that we're through the worst of it, and that will continue to be able to build the supply orders, but also start to build a little buffer there as well on our TASER and core body camera lines.
Erik Suppiger: Would you care to guess as to timing when supply chain might be relatively normalized? Any thoughts where we'll be as we enter 2023?
Josh Isner: Well, at this point, I don't think we're guessing. We're just executing against our plan. And I think by the end of this year, we'll certainly see some buffer in the TASER 7 and AB 3 or Axon Body 3 product lines. And from there, I think it will just be about optimizing the level of inventory we keep on the shelves. And so from an investor results perspective, I wouldn't plan on seeing any kind of abnormal activity in either product shipped or inventory backlogs.
Erik Suppiger: Great. Thank you.
Andrea James : Great. Thank you. Next question is Sami Badri from Credit Suisse. Go ahead, Sami.
Sami Badri: Hi. Thank you. You made a reference earlier, maybe it was Rick, regarding profitability being better in the second half of 2022. And I think you just made a reference that second half revenue growth is -- or at least second half revenue production is usually better than the first half. So is there a specific segment or a product that's seeing very good profitable dynamics in the second half that's kind of giving you guys that operating leverage? That's the first question. The second question is the free cash flow guidance was reiterated and unchanged for the fiscal year 2022, but it looks like there were some changes in CapEx. Could you kind of give us the puts and takes on that?
Josh Isner: Sure thing. I'll talk briefly about the free cash flow element there. Remind me of your first question, Sami.
Sami Badri: Products that are enabling better profitability in the second half of 2022.
Josh Isner: Yes, I'll take those two, and then I'll kick it over to Rick on the campus piece as well. So in general, I think we see stronger bookings in the back half of each year, and that's really across all products. This is the end of -- sorry, Q3 is the end of the fiscal year for several major markets in the US. It's also the federal government's end of their fiscal year. So, a combination of budgets ending and having some money to spend. And then the new budget starting, if there's a line item for our products, it tends to be a pretty active part of the year. And so I'd say, the big driver of profitability is the TASER business, and we expect exciting results there. But really across the board, we do see a lot of upside in the back half of the year. And in terms of free cash flow, I'd just say, we've reiterated our guidance, because we feel like, frankly, coming from sales, this to me is not all that different than inside sales. We've got to get in touch with customers, have a process we follow, have well-trained people on the phone, get commitments, follow-up on those commitments and then just get to the point of real predictability there. And I think Jim and I are partnering together there, and we've just brought in a new AR leader, I'm personally investing time with our accounts receivable team to build a playbook here where we can really measure efficiency and productivity. But this -- again, this one is really within our control. And when we couple that like you mentioned, Sami, with a better EBITDA, both dollars and margins in the back half of the year, there's a lot of opportunity to improve free cash flow in the back half, and we're really focused on it, and that's what we're going to do. And so I'll kick it over to Rick to talk about the new campus.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Thanks, Josh. So earlier this year, we projected an accelerating spend on the new campus. We've -- now we're basically telling you we're going to slow that down. We're pacing it out a bit. There have been a number of things. I'd say one of them is just the inflationary environment. What we've seen as we were getting ready to really move forward with more of the significant build-out on the campus, construction costs are just up pretty dramatically. And when we couple that with, we've also seen COVID resurging, I think, even more than people had expected. And we looked at the whole return to work dynamic, we've come to accept that the future is going to be hybrid work. And so we also see opportunity to really look at what is the best use of the overall land, really optimizing for collaborative events, customer centric events, of course, the land that we need and the space we need for manufacturing and warehousing and all that. But maybe shifting the balance away from the idea of people coming into the office so much and really more the hybrid work environment. And then in this environment as well, like there's a lot going on, and we just wanted to preserve some optionality of our cash. So we basically -- let's slow down a little bit, let's really recalibrate and see what the post-COVID world looks like and let took the building cost cool off a little bit, and now give us a little time to just keep tuning and refining. The world is in a pretty constant state of flux and we'd rather take our time to make sure we get it right.
Sami Badri: Got it. Thank you.
Andrea James: All right. Next up, Keith Housum with Northcoast. Go ahead, Keith.
Josh Isner: Hey, Keith, it looks like you're on mute.
Keith Housum: Sorry. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Looking at the TASER gross margins and your commentary regarding improvement in the second half of the year, I mean, previously, I think the manufacturing automation was going to happen when you're going to build the campus, but it sounds like things are changing. Perhaps touch on what your plans are for the second half of the year of improving the automation in the manufacturing process?
Jim Zito: Yeah. I would say that's not fully dependent on the campus headquarters. We're already starting to build out that automation. I think part of what we're seeing in the first half was really pressure in terms of growing into our expanded manufacturing footprint. So we've been investing to build out the footprint and capacity to build. And I think as we grow into those build plans, I think we'll see better overhead absorption in there. And I think that's not contingent upon the new building.
Keith Housum: Got you. And then the professional services part that hurt the software and sensor gross margins. Was that in advance of the CAD and the systems you're putting in, or where was that spending being done?
Jim Zito: I think it covers CAD, RMS are the software pieces, but there's a heavy fleet portion as well. So fleet -- there was a big uptick in terms of fleet install. So all those things together lead to that PSO revenue becoming a slightly bigger portion of the cloud revenue, but that's enabling that high-margin software cloud revenue growth as well. So it's set the groundwork for future growth. But I think PSO is an important part of us controlling that customer experience and really getting sticky customers.
Keith Housum: Okay. Thanks Jim. Appreciate it.
Andrea James: All right. Awesome. Thank you so much. Next question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon. I just wanted to understand, first of all, with your headcount increases, can you talk a little bit about where you're making sort of those incremental hires? And what sort of changed for you to want to make those hires now? I think you referenced a better hiring environment, but just curious in terms of your thinking.
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. I think, look, the last couple of years, we've hired very, very aggressively across all segments of the business. And now -- we're starting in a lot of places to grow into that size and not need to hire as aggressively. But the one major exception to that is in product. I think from our perspective, we have a lot of great ideas, and we limit those -- what we do based on where we think we have the most upside and also the size of our team and what our team can take on. And so for us, as long as there's talented engineers, product managers on the market that can help us deliver product faster and build products that we feel can really change our outcomes in public safety, we're going to keep investing there. And so I think going into next year, the mindset is going to be -- get a little leaner in terms of our hiring plans in SG&A and continue to be aggressive where we can in R&D.
Jonathan Ho: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, when we think about some of the cost savings initiatives that you referenced, either on the T&E side or other areas. Can you talk a little bit about maybe philosophically, where you're seeing that opportunity, the spend as if it's your own, I know I'm not saying that right, but that campaign -- yes, I just want to understand, like do you feel like there was maybe lack of oversight there in the past, or is this a situation where you're just trying to tighten the belt a little bit. Thank you.
Josh Isner: I think it's -- I'm not sure it's a lack of oversight. I think certainly, we've got very good controls and process in place to measure expenses. But I think at times, we've gotten just a little bit bloated in how we think about things from the number of people that attend meetings with customers like Rick mentioned, or Swag is another obvious one, where we have -- and maybe the absence of being in the office, we've used Swag as a way to kind of connect with our employees. And so I think there's just opportunities to – to get a little more efficient in those places. It's not necessarily an indictment of anyone or anything we've done in the past. It's just more like the landscape has changed a little bit. We see all this exciting revenue growth well into the future. And it's just a matter of getting leverage out of that growth where we can without impacting our employee sentiment at Axon. And I think we can read that needle very effectively.
Rick Smith: Yes. Let me jump in and add it as well. Like a business like any community can't sort of have all messages all resonate all at the same time. And so you go through cycles, several years ago, we had a scrappy year where -- that was an opportunity for us to lead and say, okay, this is the year we want people to really like it's very similar what we did we spend it like pictures, like old be scrappy was, hey, we want to focus in on finding ways to more efficiently get things done and where more people are being scrappy and not throwing a body at every problem.  We've had a fair number of new employees come in. And certainly, we have our standard expense controls and training, but we felt with what's happening, look, the overall market is down, inflation is up other companies are, I'd say, more aggressively cutting back their investment plans. We saw this as an opportunity to communicate with our employees say, 'Hey, spend it like it's ours, right? Like this is a moment, let's take what's going outside, everyone has things in your control where you cut back spending. And by doing that, we'll all be rewarded. The market is rewarding companies that have more financial rigor, and we can also reward you by investing and not having to pull back on our investment plans and the exciting things we want to go build. But we can't just be toned up and continue as if the macro environment hasn't shifted. So, I think this was a balanced way for us to connect with -- maybe even some of the angst our employees are feeling about the macro environment, like, hey, here's something you can do really buckle down on expenses so we can continue to invest over here because we know these are the times those investments really pay off. Our hiring has accelerated, and I think a big part of that is it's the macro environment. We don't have as many competitors. We're having more success recruiting because we're just not competing with as many other tech companies that are as aggressive right now. And so these are the times we want to lean in and accelerate our growth. So, I hope that gives a little bit of context as to how we felt we could position us with the company employees to really get them all rolling in the same direction.
Jim Zito: The fact one thing I'd probably add to that too is just like overall travel costs, as like everybody is seeing, also went up sort of at the same time as we sort of dealt with that sort of pent up post pandemic demand. And I think as Rick said, we adjust to sort of how the best way to operate in the most efficient ways from a travel and hybrid perspective going forward. I think we'll thread the needle a little bit better in terms of meeting that. And I think everybody's plays are focused on that.
Andrea James: All right. Awesome. Josh Riley at Needham, you're up next.
Josh Riley: All right. Thanks Andrea for the questions. So, TASER revenues, obviously, were very strong in the quarter, quite a bit above what we were modeling. You touched on this a bit, but how much of the back orders you expected at the end of last year to be complete? I think you had mentioned previously by the first half or now through, I think you mentioned it was like $30 million. And then can you remind us if there's any seasonality to TASER shipments and if that could affect Q3 or Q4 TASER revenue just so we have an idea sequentially.
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely, Josh. Thanks for the question. So, I'd say it's fair to say we're caught up on the TASER shipments from Q4 last year and we've shipped those over Q1 and Q2. And because sequentially, TASER shipments go up in the back half of the year that we still feel like Q3 and Q4 will be the highlights of the year revenue-wise. And so I think that's kind of the story Q4 tends to be a little a little higher than Q3, but over the years, we've seen the inverse of that as well. But as a back half, we certainly have a lot of confidence that will outpace the first half of this year in revenue.
Josh Reilly: Got it. That's super helpful. And then on the Axon Fleet units, those increased nicely as well quarter-over-quarter. Should we assume that all of those are Fleet 3 at this point, or are you still shipping any Fleet 2? And then how should we think about the level of supply constraint versus demand from that product?
Josh Isner: Yes. In terms of the mix of fleet, there's still a little bit of Fleet 2, but mainly Fleet 3 and of course, a lot of body camera shipments going out. Supply chain constraints, I'd say, we have plenty of supply to deliver on our guidance in the back half of the year. Product-by-product, when we get outside of the core TASER and body camera products, there's a little bit of flux month-to-month there. But in a macro sense, we are feeling great about where we stand from an inventory perspective.
Josh Reilly: Awesome. Thanks guys.
Andrea James: All right. Jeremy Hamblin from Craig-Hallum. Go ahead Jeremy
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks for taking the questions. Congrats on the strong momentum in the business. So federal contract's clearly a pretty key segment right now, really a big driver of the business, a ton of momentum there. I wanted to get a sense for whereas we've seen executive order mandating federal agencies to use body cams. I wanted to get a sense for what you're seeing internationally in terms of that type of mandate, that type of adoption. Typically, there's been a decent lag period between instituting that type of policy. But there have been significant incidents, both in English-speaking world as well as other places with surprises incidents. Japan comes to mind, where we wanted to get a sense for what the pulse is of other government agencies around the globe.
Josh Isner: Yeah. I think it's a good question, Jeremy. And as you'd expect, it varies a little bit. I can say, just like the United States, Canada, Australia and the UK were relatively early adopters of body cams. So even if a mandate were to come down at this point, I think, I don't know that, it would change the buying behavior all that much in those three markets. I think the market has decidedly already shifted to body cameras there. In other markets, we're starting to see – I position it like international governments are starting to dip their toe a little bit into the body camera world and start to understand kind of what's going to work for them and what's not. And so I think we do have a lot of opportunity there. First, with kind of small and mid-sized orders and then growth over time and so that's the – that's really where we see kind of international going in terms of body cameras. But like I mentioned, we are seeing international governments start to deploy TASERs with a lot more conviction around the globe, and we should expect to see that continue for the years to come.
Jeremy Hamblin: As a follow-up question, domestically, federal contracts, in terms of the value that you're getting in those deals, right? You're talking about a huge buyer, a buyer that's been mindful to look at getting best pricing, et cetera. So I wanted to understand, in terms of length of contracts there and kind of the value you're getting the ASPs. How that compares, obviously, without getting into exact specifics, but just understanding that a little bit in terms of that buyer.
Josh Isner: And is that for international, specifically?
Jeremy Hamblin: No, domestically.
Josh Isner: Oh, domestically. Okay. What was that, Rick?
Rick Smith: I think the question was about our federal buyers.
Josh Isner: Oh, federal. Okay. Federally mirrors – our federal government is generally mirroring what our state and local customers are doing pricing-wise. Certainly, we do have some commitments to make sure that we are recognizing the federal government and the most favored nations clauses in some of those contracts. But ultimately, we do feel pretty good that those license types and sizing is similar to what we see. And far, far ahead of where our – when our state and local customers started to buy in large volumes, like the federal government has kind of skipped that phase of basic licenses and TAP and they're buying a lot more frequently at higher license types, which is exciting.
Rick Smith: Yeah. And I would add, Josh, as well that we're starting to now invest in dedicated federal R&D. So in many cases, we're seeing the Fed customers interested in premium sort of features that might require a little more investment in certain types of hardening of different devices or software to meet certain federal requirements that in some cases, can even lead to premium pricing.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks for the color. Best wishes.
Rick Smith: Thanks.
Andrea James: [Operator Instructions] So we'll take our last question from Erik Lapinski at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead Erik.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you. I just maybe wanted to follow up on the federal market and some of the comments you guys just made there. I'm curious in terms of just the bundling that you're seeing in the federal market. Are you seeing similar uptake of OSP 7 Plus? I know that a number of agencies already have TASERs. So are they looking at body camera contracts kind of separately or bundling when you see those deals, I'd be curious on kind of what it looks like?
Josh Isner: Yes, a great question, Erik. I'd say we're seeing kind of department by department, a little bit of everything. I think the agencies, you mentioned that agencies already have tasers, a lot of those are up for upgrades. So it's a great time to buy our body cameras and software and bundle those – that upgraded version of the Taser in -- with that contract.  Other customers are buying software-only, our investigator package for certain customers in the federal government. And then some standalone activity as well. The 1 really in -- there's a lot of really encouraging things here, but one of them that stands out is customers are also buying across our suite of products. They're seeing use cases for live streaming. They're seeing use cases for records, they're seeing fleet 3 interest.  And so really across the board, we're seeing a lot of interest and a lot of different products from the federal government. And it's really a credit to the work Richard Coleman, our Head of Federal and his team have done, it's really kind of transformed over the last few years from kind of a steady state market into an exponentially growing one.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you. That's helpful. And if I could sneak in another one. I know the corrections market is kind of another expansion area for you guys that we didn't talk that much about this quarter. I'd be curious if just any – whether it's from funding initiatives you're tracking or kind of just what the states are looking at in terms of the corrections market. If you're seeing more of an uptake there, if it's kind of -- I know there have been a couple of early presence there, over the past couple of quarters, but just in terms of kind of building on top of that?
Josh Isner: Yes. The team is definitely growing. And for us, I think it's more of a -- it's less about the federal government giving grants or fundings or any kind of overall market effects there. I think it's more just – historically, we haven't really had a team focused on corrections as its own market. We really did a lot of correction sales through the Sheriffs office while they were buying products for the rest of their deputies and now just having a really focused team, we're starting to unlock a lot of that market on a much more predictable basis. And so, I think the growth there is just attributable to our team's focus as opposed to any external factors.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you.
Andrea James: Looks like we have a follow-up from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Thanks Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: Yes. Just a couple for me. I wanted to maybe dig a little bit into your Microsoft opportunity. Can you talk a little bit about the level of benefit or cost savings that you could maybe see from that deal? Just as a starting point.
Rick Smith: Yes, I'd start by saying the exact terms of the deal are not something we can go public with. I don't know, Jim, what would you?
Jim Zito: Yes. I'd say, at a high level, it enables us -- it supports our target long term of having 80-plus percent software gross margins. And I think the duration of that contract is really helpful for us for having that confidence and visibility to our pricing when we set our contracts with customers. So I think it helps us over time, sort of maintain/expand our Axon Cloud gross margins. But I think the best thing of that, guys, this gives us predictability.
Jonathan Ho: Got it, got it. And then, just in terms of the commercial market, can you talk a little bit about your progress there? And maybe some of the go-to-market opportunities that you see specific to commercial? Thanks.
Josh Isner: Yes. We're thrilled with the opportunity there. Mike Shor and his team have just done a great job building something from -- we don't get those the same advantages we sometimes have in the public sector where the referral network and stuff. We have to build those from scratch. And Mike and his team have done a great job of that. The team continues to be on a cadence of kind of doubling every year. And that’s happened in terms of the results the last three years now. And we're still probably about 90% of the way there on product market fit, where we've got some really evangelical early adopters that are excited about how things are going. And now it's just kind of closing that last 10% of some of the product market fit items and really expanding each year. And I think, we're really, really well positioned to do that, and we'll start to see some names that you're very familiar with adopting our products for more commercial purposes.
Jonathan Ho: That’s it for me. Thank you.
Andrea James: Great. Do we have any other follow-ups? I’ll give you a second. I can see you guys thinking. Okay. All right. Let's have Rick close this out.
Rick Smith: All right. Well, obviously, another great quarter. I'm really proud of what the team was able to deliver. It's -- there's a lot going on in the world, and our team just really digs in and Josh just does a great job of keeping people focused right, lock out the noise. There's a lot happening in the world that we can affect, but there's things within our control and the more we focus, the better the results always end up being. So appreciate everybody joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on the back half. Have a great day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-10 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: Okay. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining our executive team for our First Quarter 2022 Earnings. I hope you had a chance to read our Shareholder Letter that we posted to investor.axon.com. The remarks we're going to make today build upon the information in that already robust letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today, are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. And before we go to Rick, we're going to play our quarterly video. [Audio/Video Presentation]
Rick Smith : Great job on that video, Andrea and Angel. And hello, everybody. Thanks for joining us today for our quarterly conference call. As we look at what's happening in the world, never has it been more important to emphasize our values, our mission to protect life and protect truth, especially when life and truth are being egregiously clouded with wanton and reckless lethality with a real disregard for lives lost and where the truth is being distorted and disregarded by Russia in its invasion of Ukraine. As the scaled leader in our category, we are digging into our mission stronger than ever. We are energized about all the great things we're doing and the way our business is scaling. One of the things we highlighted in our Shareholder Letter is our moonshot goal, which is to cut officer -- fatal officer involved shootings in the United States by 50% over the next decade. We do not have to accept killing as a de facto part of human existence, not in war, not in policing, not in our homes. We look forward to sharing more with you as this year unfolds. I can tell you, I've been sharing with our customers about this goal, brainstorming how together can we combine product design, policies and training. Just like the energy in the room when we talk with our customers about this, everyone is excited to join forces and reduce killing. Last week, in conjunction with our CFO transition announcement, we raised our full year revenue and adjusted EBITDA guidance. We're now expecting revenue to grow 25% at the midpoint. And this is on top of 27% revenue growth last year and 28% the year before that. What our growth is demonstrating is what happens when a company builds disruptive products that solve real-world problems and invest in R&D to stay in front as the innovation leader. We're seeing a lot of product successes and not just in TASER and body cameras, but in Fleet in-car cameras with automatic license plate reading and of course, with a growing suite of cloud software, duals and features. We'll be investing some of our expected revenue outperformance this year into new initiatives that will start driving revenue in 2023. One area where we're adding investment this year is international VR training. There's a broad global market for virtual reality training, and it's our fastest-growing new category in the U.S. And we want to stay in front globally by adding new languages and scenarios to accommodate international public safety customers. On a final note, we're welcoming my friend Jim Zito to the call as our interim CFO. As you may have seen this morning, there was a press release announcing Jawad's new role as President of Aira, an exciting new tech company here in Arizona. Jawad remains committed to a smooth transition of the CFO role. On behalf of the Board and the management team, I want to thank Jawad for his dedication and all the work over the last 5 years, helping Axon innovate and grow, and we wish him the best. We couldn't be more excited about Jim and our future. Jim has played a key role in building our world-class accounting and controllership organization, enhancing our internal controls over financial reporting and overseeing the implementation of stronger processes to drive operational rigor to improve Axon's financial results.  As we embark on our CFO search, I'd like to share with you my philosophy on leadership transitions. Our next CFO inherits a culture of operational rigor and a very strong bench. I'm looking for a CFO who is energized about capital allocation discipline and that can marry with that in understanding how to combine our societal value creation with shareholder value creation. Now I'd like to hand off to Luke who will take you through some of our operational highlights. Luke?
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. You saw in the video we played at the start of the call that we are highly focused on attracting world-class talent, and we feel great about our ability to do so. And in the future, we expect to continue to do this with our mission-driven focus. There's lots of these world-class Axon teammates on this call today. Many are called in, and I want to give them a huge shout on and thanks for all the work that they've done to help us build a great company. Another key execution item for us has been on ensuring that our supply chain meets our ability to satisfy customer demand. The team has executed well on this front. We have a solid plan in place that has enabled us to meet goals and production has increased in several areas in the first quarter. While we are cautiously monitoring China's latest COVID shutdown, we have visibility into supply chain supporting our revenue guidance at the midpoint throughout the full year. And the issues we flagged the past 2 quarters that led to an outsized backlog are now beginning to return to more normalized levels. Also, I encourage you to check out some of our key product updates in the Shareholder Letter. Our R&D team is truly staying at the forefront of innovation in the public safety space. Axon Fleet 3 is proving to be a game changer for in-car cameras. To date, we have installed over 6,000 cameras. Fleet 3 transforms the traditional dash camera into one that can automatically scan plates across multiple lanes of traffic at closing speeds of up to 140 miles per hour, making it disruptively affordable for agencies to deploy our automatic license plate reading in their vehicle fleet. And we believe our ethical design framework to protect citizen privacy and data misuse is not only the right thing to do, it's also a huge strategic advantage. You may have also seen our momentum with record is starting to accelerate. We just had a major city launch in the Tucson region. That brings us to more than 25 agencies with nearly 11,000 sworn officers live on Axon Records, including 9 that are already using it to fully replace their legacy records management systems. We remain excited and confident in our long-term trajectory. Our short-term focus is on driving customer success, one deployment at a time. Speaking more broadly, we recognize that there is a growing sense of macroeconomic uncertainty. As we execute against our robust pipeline and look further into the future, we remain incredibly confident in Axon's long-term positioning. We have stellar teams across the organization. We are a product and category leaders. Our customer relationships are strong and unrivaled. This is all underpinned by our enduring mission to protect life while continuing to accelerate the Axon growth flywheel across devices, workflow and intelligence and always with a long-term mindset. I'm proud that over the last 5 years, we've had a real focus on scaling a great business with operational rigor and financial discipline. These are areas where Jim Zeto has been an instrumental leader. And as we build the future, we won't maintain that rigor. Now I'm super excited to turn it over to Jim for his first earnings call.
Jim Zito: Thanks, Luke. Hello, everyone. It's great to be joining you today, especially at a time when the business is demonstrating tremendous momentum. I'd like to share some of my background in the role I've played over the past nearly 5 years at Axon, building a strong culture of financial rigor and discipline that Rick spoke to. I joined the company in 2017 after previously serving as the Global Controller of GE Healthcare Digital, a nearly $2 billion global software company inside General Electric. I spent the first 8 years of my career as an auditor at PwC, seen the insides of Fortune 500 companies and how they operate at scale. These experiences prepared me to have an impact at Axon from the moment I arrived. I have helped to build out our accounting and controllership organization, enhancing our internal controls and overseeing the implementation of stronger processes to drive operating rigor to improve our financial results. I've partnered with our SVP of FP&A, Arvind Bobra, and other cross-functional leaders across every part of our company to lead the creation of the internal clubbing necessary to enable our culture of rigor and discipline to succeed. You've seen that translate to our results. We've established an impressive track record of execution at scale coupled with cost discipline and strategic capital allocation. We remain confident in our ability to continue to deliver accelerating growth, profitability and cash flow. I'm energized by this opportunity to support the company as Interim CFO. This is a natural transition given my role over the past 5 years. I'm honored to lead our world-class finance team, and I've already hit the ground running. To touch upon a few themes related to the quarter. In February, we added adjusted free cash flow targets to how we talk about our financial strategy, and we've started to deliver already. In Q1, our operating cash flow of $44 million supported $32 million in adjusted free cash flow. We've raised our full year revenue outlook to a range of $1.05 billion to $1.1 billion, reflecting 25% annual growth at the midpoint. And our upwardly revised adjusted EBITDA outlook reflects improved bottom line expectations as well as the opportunity to invest some of our revenue outperformance into new initiatives that can start contributing revenue quickly. And with that, we look forward to taking your questions.
A - Andrea James: Thank you, Jim and team. Can we bring everybody up into gallery view? There. And thanks analysts. I have you all in the queue. I see you putting your hands up. We will get to it. We'll take our first question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho : I just wanted to start out with the guidance raise and maybe try to better understand what's giving you the confidence? What is it that you're seeing in the demand environment to raise the revenue guidance so much early in the year?
Rick Smith : Yes. Thanks for the question, Jonathan. Ultimately, it's a few things. The first is we've got a really, really strong team that's doing great work around the globe across a lot of different products and a lot of different markets. And this diversified kind of revenue strategy gives us a lot of different ways to achieve our goals. Now when we combine that with bookings from last year and years prior, which is a really good forward indicator of revenue and just the strong pipeline that we've built up through this year that we see a high probability of closing, I think it just gives us a lot of confidence across the board. So certainly proud of the way the team came out of the gate in Q1, and we hope that's the low point of the year moving forward.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent. And then just in terms of some of your commentary around the supply chain, can you talk a little bit about what you're seeing, how you've been able to navigate the challenges? And just given some of the uncertainty around China, what again sort of underpins your confidence that the supply chain issues now persist?
Luke Larson: Yes. Thanks, Jonathan. I would just reiterate, we're monitoring that situation, and we also have line of sight to the guidance that we’ve provided. We've been able to bring down the backlog, and we've got a diversified product portfolio. So if we do see a single issue, we can actively manage that and derisk it. One kind of key highlight, I would give our supply team a huge shout out. And that when they go out and they're talking with our suppliers, our strategic plan and mission aligns with a lot of the type of orders that they want to fulfill. So what we're hearing is that they'll prioritize Axon because of our life-saving products over other companies that might not have as critical impact in the world. And we've just got a ton of confidence in the team and the results that we've delivered in the last 6 months and the outlook for the next 12 months.
Andrea James: Thanks, Jonathan. We'll take our next question from Sami Badri at Credit Suisse.
Sami Badri: It's also my first conference call, so I appreciate the time. My first question is you've raised adjusted EBITDA for the year, but you did not increase free cash flow. So I kind of wanted to just get a little bit of an explanation around that given profitability stepping up? And the other piece is, it sounds like you guys are working on a lot of products with a good bit of demand in this demand backdrop environment. Is there a reason why you would reinvest a lot of the incremental cash flows into even more CapEx and build out an even bigger platform to service public safety?
Jim Zito: Yes. Thanks, Sami. I can take the first one. So this is the first year we've added free cash flow guidance, and we've got a fairly wide range I think the main driver of why we didn't update the free cash flow guidance is largely the revenue out of performance is going to be spread over most of the rest of the year, and there's typically a lag between that revenue over delivery and sort of that translate into cash. So we could see some of that cash flow over delivery slip into Q1 of next year.
Sami Badri: Got it. And then just the -- okay, that explains that part. The other part I have on supply chain constraints. Is there a specific amount of maybe a charge you had to take to expedite specific components and parts to make sure that you can make your deliveries? Or generally speaking, you have been getting prioritization from your suppliers given the importance of the products that you guys are shipping out to public safety individuals?
Luke Larson: Yes. Great question, Sami. So we actually have been paying some expedited fees to get our components in. But our business, again, is firing on all pistons where we've been able to expand some of our product gross margins that have offset those increases, and this is just an example where we feel really good about the overall mix of our business and the strength of our operations.
Rick Smith : And welcome, Sami.
Andrea James: Okay. We'll take our next question from Eric Suppiger at JMP.
Erik Suppiger : All right. A couple of things. First off, can you expand a little bit on the question earlier about the supply chain constraints? Have you done anything differently in terms of your inventory management or your purchase commitments? Have you been able to lock-in agreements better than what you had had before?
Luke Larson: Yes. Great question, Erik. Most companies pre-COVID had a just-in-time manufacturing methodology. And Axon really never had that methodology because our products, we have a 5-year life on the TASERs and 2.5-year life on the cameras. And so we manage more to our business where oftentimes, we would have up to quarter or 6 months of inventory based on demand and forecast and actually gave us a good buffer going into that downturn. Throughout the last 18 to 24 months, we've been proactively working with our suppliers to ensure that we can meet delivery for our customers. In some cases, we have bought up at-risk components to further that as well as looked at different supply chain strategies to make sure we can deliver for our customers.
Erik Suppiger: Okay. And then in terms of the supply constraints, are you seeing different -- are you getting better deliveries at this point compared to where you were 90 days ago? Actually, let me rephrase. You had a $50 million deferred business. How much of that fell in the quarter? And what is your confidence that falls in the first half still?
Rick Smith : Confidence is high. It falls in the first half. We did ship some of it in Q1, but we also couple that with really strong demand out of the gate as well. And so we'll continue to ship into Q2 here. And certainly, to answer your question, the outlook from suppliers is getting in terms of the commits into Q2 is getting more promising. So certainly, on track to clear the remainder of the backlog in the first half of the year while delivering another really strong revenue quarter in Q2.
Jim Zito: Yes. That Q4 it was sort of a bit of an anomaly like higher-than-normal backlog that slipped into the first half of this year, I think we'll get back to more normalized levels of backlog sort of from here going forward.
Luke Larson: Yes. Just to add some more color to your specific question around is our service from suppliers better today than it was 90 days ago. We would see Q3 probably the middle to end of Q3 last year is a real low watermark in terms of just not being able to get commitments and having to kind of manage that hand them out. In the last 6 months, we've really worked with our suppliers to ensure we can get those commitments. And we feel just reiterating really good about the year outlook.
Erik Suppiger: Okay. Then one last quick one. Jim Zito, are you one of the candidates for the CFO position? Or what is your status?
Jim Zito: I have been heads down for the last week, focusing on executing for the quarter. And for us, it's business as usual. We close the books every 3 months. So we've got a great team focused on that. I think as the process plays out, it's a certainly very attractive position. The company is clicking on all cylinders. It's got a great mission in the world, and I'm confident that Rick and the Board and the team will consider some internal and external candidates, and it's an attractive place to be.
Rick Smith : Let me add some color there, too. Yes, Jim and I have talked about this. In any senior position like this, we want to make sure we run a really rigorous process. And so we're going to want to make sure that we get a full raft of qualified external candidates as well as internal candidates. And then this gives us an opportunity for Jim to try to roll on as well and see how he enjoys it compared to his role here as Controller. I would say, with very high confidence, there's a role for Jim on the team going forward, and it may be the CFO role. It may be returning to Controller. And we're just going to make sure that we've done a process that gets us to a level where we're really confident that we've got the right team and the right positions for the next decades.
Andrea James: We're going to take our next question from Scott Berg at Needham.
Scott Berg: I got a couple here. I wanted to start with the cloud revenue growth in the quarter, up 47%. It's clearly seeing a lot of momentum over the last year. This is an area that's been growing in the, we'll call it, low to mid-30s for an extended period, but 47% is a nice movement upward. How should we think about the acceleration in the revenues in that business? Is it more driven by Evidence.com or the layering in of some of the customers that went live on Records or some of the VR training? My guess is it's a component of that, but I didn't know how you might break that up between those different product areas?
Rick Smith : Yes. I think ultimately, we're adding a lot of new users every quarter onto our platform. And a lot of that is within just new body camera users that were an agency might have bought not get started, but is now kind of going to full deployment. And so as we deploy more and more of those users, it certainly adds to service revenue with the same dynamic with Fleet right now. We really feel great about the trajectory of our in-car video business and certainly, that's helping as well. And then some of our kind of up-and-coming offerings like some of the software add-ons as a result of selling more and more of our officer safety plan bundle, combined with VR licenses, there's a lot of factors that are all contributing to the growing service revenue. And I think the top line though is deploying more and more devices around the world that come with those licenses.
Luke Larson: Yes, that's right, just to add on there. And as Rick talked about earlier, we're incredibly gratified to be able to just keep building out our ecosystem and expanding on all of those vectors, right? So it's the combination of existing customers upping into our higher value bundles and plans. And it's about customers even outside of those, adding a la carte add-ons for our diverse range of new products, both premium features on top of our classic products like Evidence.com as well as new things like VR and across the board and then doubling down on that the expansion into new market segments like federal and justice and the others and global expansion into other geographies. So across all 3 of those vectors just seeing both new logos and existing ones growing their bet on the Axon ecosystem with our products.
Scott Berg: Great. Helpful. And then from a follow-up perspective, a question I've actually received multiple times recently is product penetration or how to think about penetration rates on a couple of areas? I think we all understand TASER, at least domestically with at the police workforce in the United States probably has a high penetration rate. But how to think about TASERs and body cameras on a more global basis, where you are in the penetration rates? And I feel like I was set up on this question because in a headline on my local newspaper very top right now is all Minnesota Trooper is now wearing body cameras. They're obviously Axon devices given they're tighten with TASERs. But how should we think about penetration rates, especially in the body camera side, given all the things that are happening around Justice and other areas today?
Rick Smith : Yes. I think we have a very intentional strategy there, and we've had that same strategy for some time now, which is really fortify what we would call the Tier 1 markets, the UK, Canada and Australia and try to become the market leader across both less lethal and body cameras. And I think the teams executed really well in that regard over the last few years such that we're able to expand our focus beyond that now into several other large markets around the world. And so now we're really focused on repeating that same mechanism in those markets, building up a sales force that's capable of selling both products, working with early customers and then kind of using that same land and expand approach to growing and becoming the market leader in those categories. And so I think we're doing this in a very in a very calculated way to make sure that we can really be successful in every market we enter. And I'd include the federal government in the United States as part of that as well. And we continue to scale up teams that are capable of delivering those kind of outcomes. So we feel like there's plenty of room to grow outside of the United States and in the federal government, and we'll continue to execute to fulfill that TAM as we go here.
Luke Larson: Yes, building on that, I mean, even in our classic categories like TASER and body cameras, as we shared before, the bottom line as our penetration, is still pretty modest and there's a tremendous amount of white space to keep growing. And then as another example of where we can -- even where we have penetration of a category like body cameras, by adding on new products on top of that, it expands the overall opportuniti. So one of the fastest-growing products we have is Respond, which is our live streaming and other connected camera features on top of the body camera. And so as customers who may have already bought a body camera up into that, either through a bundle or a la carte, it's an example of just continuing to grow the category even if that overall socket has already been filled with the basic camera.
Andrea James: Next question from Will Power at Baird.
William Power: Okay. Great. I guess a couple of questions. Maybe first, just to follow up on cloud revenue and the strength there. It felt like some notable acceleration in the Records business, up to 25 agencies using it, 9 with who was close to full replacement. So I just want to understand what's helping accelerate the adoption there? Has there been new features added? How do we think about the trend lines from here? Can you kind of -- is the expectation every couple of quarters you're going to add a few more key Records customers? What kind of keeps the momentum going there?
Rick Smith : So for those that have covered Axon for a little while now, I remember a couple of years ago, when we launched the Officer Safety Plan, that part of the strategy there was to introduce Records as part of that bundle. And now several major cities and counties and state police agencies have all adopted that plan and they have the built-in option to activate Axon Records as part of that. Now some might start with the first module of Records, which is standards, and some are going all in like Tucson on the Records product and getting deployed quickly. And so we have a very, very healthy queue of customers waiting to deploy Records now. We continue to invest in the COGS resource as necessary, meaning professional services and deployment personnel to accelerate how fast we adopt records. And I'll tell you it's a really fun feeling that we went live with Tucson. And we just kind of -- it was up and running. We moved on to the next customer after that without any real challenges as we got going, and we expect to see more and more of that in the Records product. And we're really confident in the team across product and services that's deploying this product and really, really excited about what the future holds for Records.
William Power: Great to see some success there. Maybe just switching gears, a big focus everybody force has been in Europe. I'd love to get your perspective on any kind of Ukraine-Russia exposure? I think you have a small customer in Ukraine, but I think it's pretty small. But more broadly, how are you seeing that conflict impact, sales trends, appetite for our broader suite of products kind of across the continent growth?
Rick Smith : I think in the Ukraine, we do have a small TASER business there, and we'll see what the future holds. Certainly, obviously, a very tragic demand over there over the last couple of months here. I would say, across Europe at this point, the nice thing about our products is they have applicability every day regardless of kind of the state of current affairs. And so we continue to see strong demand, both in terms of the desire for more transparency across public safety and also an alternative to the bullet. And so I really believe that we're seeing a lot of really exciting growth indicators in some major European markets. I'm sure we'll talk more about those as time goes on here. But Europe and kind of the demand in Europe continues to grow in both product lines.
Andrea James: Okay. We'll take our next question from Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Keith Housum: I'm not trying to get too far into the details here, but I kind of noticed like the TASER X2 and X26P. The volumes were down significantly, I guess, year-over-year. And obviously, they're very valuable. But I know you guys have plans the next generation of the TASER device as well. So perhaps could you just provide the color in terms of the plan for the TASER portfolio and where it's heading? Was it focused drawdown on the older products now or what not?
Rick Smith : Yes. I think thing is largely just a shift in demand. The TASER 7 is really sort of hit its stride. And now we do still have customers, particularly those that have really long approval time lines in international and federal spaces that might still be on some of our more legacy devices. But I'm pleased to see that I think we got it right with TASER 7, and it's really hitting the mark. And of course, our goal of next-generation systems is continue to move the ball down field towards making the bullet obsolete.
Keith Housum: Great. And as you go with that, I know you guys go on that. Obviously, we saw the recurring payment base for the TASER Weapons dropped down to 45% from 54% last year. Was this more just international sales this quarter or perhaps further on -- or that dropped kind of the spectrum trend go upward on that one?
Rick Smith : Yes. That metric is largely dependent on the mix. So when we have kind of a number of international shipments that can bring that down. I'd say there's no change at all in terms of the momentum of service plans in the United States or in our Tier 1 markets. In fact, I believe every TASER that has been sold in the UK that is deployed right now is on a payment plan. And I think we're looking to repeat that in Canada and Australia as well. And so when we get some of these onetime large orders from markets outside of our Tier 1 markets, they're generally not on plans. Some of that's due to the risk of collectibility, if we're working with a first-time distributor or a first-time customer. So there's a lot that goes into that, but I wouldn't say there's any developments that would give us less confidence in that metric over time.
Andrea James: Next up, Eric Lapinski, Morgan Stanley.
Erik Lapinski: Maybe if we could just talk about Fleet for a second. I know you guys talked a lot about the early traction you're seeing there. I guess I'm curious, is that mostly coming from maybe customers that weren't already on-body cameras and have had in-car cameras? Are you seeing kind of a cross of using and deploying both? I tend to think like state police maybe having gotten on-body cameras. So just wondering if the early interest in Fleet is more from that angle or it's on-body camera customers already?
Luke Larson: Yes. We're very, very excited about Fleet in general. I think it's a great case study and how the first product kind of demonstrated the use case and then the subsequent couple of versions of the product have kind of propelled us into a place where we're among the market leaders, if not the market leader in that space. And where customers in the state police use case often are doing most of their patrolling on highways. So Fleet is a very natural product line for them to adopt. But we also -- we're seeing it across cities and counties as well as kind of a supplemental viewpoint for the body camera. So that's been nice to see. And I think one of the exciting things about Fleet long term is adoption of additional software within the Fleet offering. So ALPR, license plate recognition has become one of our fastest selling add-ons because customers are really valuing that additional capability at a far lower cost than they're used to and being able to deploy it in every car, which they're not used to historically. So certainly excited for what the future holds in Fleet and excited about the additional kind of revenue opportunities that come along with just the core system there.
Rick Smith : Yes. Let me add -- let me take this one as well. Fleet 1 and Fleet 2, there, we won deals because people are on our body cameras and they love the software. And they bought our body -- or I'm sorry, they bought our Fleet cameras largely for the first reason because they wanted them to work with their body cameras. With Fleet 3, we're going toe to toe. It is the best in-car video system in the market, full stop. We've got customers buying who've never had body cameras with us. And it's winning head-to-head against the other systems in the market, and in particular, our ALPR performance. I just really can't compliment Jeff and his team enough on the great work they did there. The imaging design of those systems have one image really optimized to be able to do 3 lanes in poor light conditions, at high speeds and still be able to get ALPR and have a second image that's really focused on getting the right level of resolution, balancing video size and video performance. So it's a pretty killer combination now that we've got I think the best body cameras and the best Fleet cameras and hands down the strongest software ecosystem. And that's why we're really seeing the demand for Fleet 3 outpaced our expectations and the attach rate on ALPR is also above expectations as well.
Luke Larson: Okay. I can't resist one really small build on that as well. Thank you for that great information on both. I think 1 of the things that speaks to why something like ALPR built into every single vehicle at a disruptively affordable price is a game changer for the mission impact too. Because if an agency only has a few cars with an old school expensive ALPR unit, then when they are going to get a hit on something is going to be piecemeal few and far between where those vehicles happen to be any moment. But the immediacy of every vehicle, they're just driving down the road going to wherever they're going and instantly if a car, stolen car, whatever it is, just happens to pass them 3 lanes over, boom, it alerts and they can action on that immediately because they're physically present right there. And that match of having every single vehicle have that capability because it's become disruptively affordable and effective is a perfect example of technology-enabling the mission combined with the right business model for it.
Erik Lapinski: I appreciate all the info. And then just on kind of the contract cycles for Fleet or even the replacement cycles for that product versus body cameras. Can you -- is it a similar kind of typically 5-year contract and ship once or twice within that, if you could just kind of help us better understand the difference in the actual hardware cycle?
Luke Larson: Sure thing. So for body cameras, our historically kind of normal contract length was 5 years. We're actually seeing that expand out to 10 years in some cases with some of our largest customers, which is really exciting. Now what that contemplates is the customer receives their first cameras upfront and then every 2.5 years, they receive a camera refresh. With Fleet, it's a 5-year life cycle. So they're kind of -- and that is also a good thing for agencies because reinstalling camera systems in cars is much more involved than kind of swapping out body cameras. So I wouldn't say there's much demand to accelerate that cycle. And so for body cameras, we're at 2.5 years and for Fleet, it's more like 5 years.
Rick Smith : There's one other thing I feel compelled to add. It's not just the hardware. Our real secret sauce is the mission mindset of the people. And I know that can sound cliché. But I can tell you, we had a major state control recently deployed from a competitor, they moved over to Fleet. And they asked me to come up because they wanted to award a trooper hat to their program manager who had led the installation. And in that case, I think it was Jenny. She used did a fantastic job, and you can't overstate how important that is when people are just passionate or -- Jeff and his team, I got just tremendous kudos. We had a recent big software go live where the chief called me and said, "Hey, we feel like you guys -- we can rely on you. You're in the trenches with us. Nobody is saying it's not my job. Nobody is leaving at 5:00 o'clock. We had people there past midnight helping bring that agency live." That is the intangible thing you'll never see on our financial statements. There's no way to represent it there, but that is probably our greatest single competitive advantage is the passionate people that we have rallied around our mission.
Andrea James: Right. And last, but certainly not least, Paul Chung at JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: All right. So just on the commercial sector, can you kind of expand on the momentum that you're seeing across verticals. You mentioned some key wins there. Where are you seeing some of that momentum? And how is that market evolving? And how material can this be over time? I have a follow up.
Rick Smith : Let me make an intro and then I'll hand to Josh to give some more detail. I think what we're seeing is we've solved a very difficult use case, which is these supercritical interactions between police and the public that handle it that happen in very difficult environments sort of out in the wild and there's 0 room for failure. And then this videos that come off this, this is stuff that has to be protected to meet the federal rules of Evidence and state rules of Evidence. So the level of security and reliability we've built in to handle this very difficult and demanding consumer area, really starting to port nicely into other, let's say, less mission-critical areas. But as you can imagine, the ability to record every enterprise on earth, probably some variable where they are recording interactions, incidents, whether it's a delivery person delivery something or a paramedic interacting with a patient on down the line. And in all of these business use cases, most of that documentation happens today with people filling out forms with pen and paper or typing it on a computer. And we believe the sort of video business record that we've created in law enforcement can now begin to port to these other areas where there's great efficiency gains. And ultimately, you're getting a more fulsome record of what actually happened by reporting that human interaction. And because we're building the tools to extract transcripts and be able to get smarter about how to extract metadata and alerts and things from these cameras to be able to then populate that into more structured data forms, I think just creates virtually -- I don't want to get too excited here, but almost any enterprise could have a need to use this type of way to document what's happening in their interactions, whatever they may be. With that, let me hand over to Josh to get maybe a little more specific.
Luke Larson: Yes. I agree with everything Rick said and our small kind of scrappy team working on this by Mike doing a really good job kind of finding our early customers. And just like in the public safety space, getting those early customers happily deployed, leads to kind of more and more opportunity, and we're in that phase now. And we've already signed contracts with some really big names that are household names in terms of other vendors in the commercial space that are deploying our products and we really believe this is a big part of our future. I think we're, at this point, not making many product investments and seeing kind of still these companies adopt body cameras and the Evidence management software. And I think going into kind of our next round of planning, we will make some more investments to make this even more attractive to future customers outside of public safety, and we're really excited about where that road leads.
Paul Chung: Yes. I know you started with Arizona Diamondbacks, but can you -- you kind of work that's kind of in your hometown, but can you work on a league level expand across the whole country, the different sport leagues? And is that kind of your sales strategy as well?
Luke Larson: We can, and we will, but that still represents a pretty small TAM in the grand scheme of things. I think we're focused on deploying with like Fortune 500 companies that see a need for this, whether it's last mile delivery services or retail or other risk management opportunities. Whether it's in hospitality, there are some really kind of clear use cases where we're getting a lot of positive feedback on the use of cameras, and I think we're seeing it at kind of a macro level as well. And in UK, there was some coverage about the deployment of body cameras in retail, and we're seeing that same thing in the U.S. So we're excited about where this will lead.
Paul Chung: And lastly, the consumer segment. So what's been the reception of the StrikeLight? Is it kind of tracking your expectations? Are you seeing some momentum in consumer? Or will that kind of take some time for adoption there?
Luke Larson: I can touch on that a little. We saw -- just given some of the focus around our core business, we were really ramping up to deliver that. Our consumer business is still a relatively small part of our business. I would say the demand for the StrikeLight 2 has been high. And I think I might be the highest purchaser. I was giving it to a lot of friends and family and hearing good response from them. But I think it's a little too early to tell.
Rick Smith : Yes. I would say we're proud of those products. They are nice refreshes that will -- but they're not going to lead to explosive exponential growth. They're leading to continued nice growth in the consumer segment. As we look to next-generation sort of TASER technology, I think that's where we might start to see things that break out of the kind of historical demand curves that we've been in. So stay tuned. I think you'll see innovations come to our core market first as we look to obsolete the bullet. And then from there, we'll leverage some of the newer stuff that I think could really begin to expand consumer adoption.
Andrea James: Thank you. And Jeremy Hamblin from Craig Hallum has joined the call. No, no? Okay, good. I didn't mean to put you on the spot. Okay. Is there anyone who has a follow-up, do you want to put a hand up? Give you a second here. 
Andrea James: Okay. We don't have anyone else in the queue. Thank you so much for joining us. Rick is going to close this out.
Rick Smith : Awesome. Well, hey, we know it's been a rough environment out there for all of our investors. As I tell my team, we try not to focus to at all really on things that are outside of our control. I'm really proud of the results the team has continued to turn in despite all the challenges the world has thrown at us. And we see, obviously, for us to raise guidance in this environment, took a fair amount of confidence for us to look across the business and have the confidence to come forth and share an increasing outlook when most of the world is pulling back. So I couldn't be prouder of the team, more thankful of our investors, and we're excited for the future. So we look forward to seeing some of you at ACCELERATE later this month and back on our earnings call a few months from now and the Shareholder Meeting, of course. We've got some busy times coming up. So thanks, everybody, and thanks again to our fantastic team for just continuing to deliver.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: [Started Abruptly] …in the meeting as an attendee and will be muted throughout the meeting.
Andrea James: Hello, everyone. Welcome to Axon’s Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. We appreciate you are tuning in today in the midst of considerable market volatility and global -- geopolitical risk. Today we have available Axon CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner; and Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. I hope you’ve all had a chance to read our Shareholder Letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. Our remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that robust letter. During this call, we discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and they are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. Okay, so before we go to Rick, we are going to play our quarterly update video. This video was pre-recorded before current global events escalated. But we’re making the decision to share it today because there’s important information about our quarterly update in the video. Okay. Thank you. [Video Presentation] Thank you, Operator. Go ahead.
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you, Andrea. I was just waiting for the queue here. I love waiting -- watching those videos. We’ve got the most creative finance team in the business. And as you can see from that video, we’ve been looking forward to sharing results from the best year in Axon’s history. But we’re heavy hearted to do this on a day when democracy is under attack and wars breaking out in Europe. But we don’t get to choose whether the times we live in will include geopolitical instability or global pandemics. What we can choose are our principles and how we respond. We stand for transparency, truth and protecting life. Our products are designed to strengthen trust in the rule of law and they support the United Nations 16th Sustainable Development Goal to foster peace, justice and strong institutions. My thought are especially with the U.K., Ukraine national police who are our customer, as well as our excellent teammates in Ukraine. As we kick off 2022, I’m confident Axon’s best days are ahead of us. We are prioritizing our people and giving them a platform to further excel at what they do. Last month, Dr. Richard Carmona announced he will be retiring from Axon’s Board after 15 years of service. Dr. Carmona has been a tremendous contributor to Axon, helping us shape strategy and positioning Axon as we evolved from a single product company known as TASER to where we are today. He is simply a wonderful human being. We’re incredibly grateful to him not only for his 15 years of service, but also for the way forward he helped us to define. As I reflect on what is driving our strength, it is a powerful combination of solving real challenges for our customers, creating a better user experience and attracting passionate talent. It’s really our emphasis on building software at the core that creates a great user experience. Historically, our competitors built software to fit RFPs, which check a lot of boxes, but ultimately, does not function well in the hands of user. We’ve been religious about understanding our customer’s needs and building software and products that delight them when they use them. When customers test Axon solutions, we stand apart. As we consider the competitive landscape. One of the most important factors that sets us apart is that we truly have a highly integrated suite, a high performance ecosystem that seamlessly connects hardware, software and our community of users to achieve our mission of delivering a safer world. When competitors talk about winning market share, it’s mostly focused on lower margin hardware buyers who don’t get value great software and usually aren’t ready to advance to the cloud. We look forward to welcoming those customers down the road, just like the many agencies here in the U.S. that are upgrading from continuing platforms to the Axon ecosystem. Perhaps even more important than the technology we’ve built is the mission mindset of our employees that sets us apart. I regularly hear from chiefs raving about their positive experience with our employees, because they are so passionate about helping our customers succeed. I recently got a call from a State Police Colonel asking me to come to their headquarters for a surprise award ceremony where they recognized Axon rockstar Project Manager, Jenny Schupp for seamlessly upgrading them from a competing platform on to Axon. Great work, Jenny. So proud to have you on our team. Great tech and passionate people is just a magical combination and it works. Our momentum Fleet 3 has allowed us to continue to capture share with major cities, county sheriff’s and state controls here in the domestic market. We’ve converted several major agencies in the last year from competing platforms onto our network, joining our community. The whole ecosystem ties together our body cameras, fleet cameras, TASER weapons, drones and third-party centers with a growing suite of software capabilities and I’m glad to see it’s delighting our customers. We’re laser focused on pursuing our mission and driving growth. And it’s clear that our people are our best asset. As you’ve heard from Luke over these years, we have been fortunate to attract people who are among the best in the world what they do. I’m incredibly grateful and thankful to have these people on our team contributing to our success. Now, over to Luke to take you through some of our 2021 highlights in more detail.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. In 2021, Axon focus on our commitment to our mission, our customers and our employees. We continue to be in a period of rapid scale. Last year we hired more than 900 new Axon teammates and we set new company records by filing more than 100 patent applications. We also supported our customers through a period of turbulence. One of our initiatives included the creation and launch a Family First, a free and confidential mental health resource and training package for the families of law enforcement. Another fantastic initiative we launched last year was the Axon Roadshow. We hosted 200 events over the course of six months, where we visited customer agencies and gave demos of our products. We also grew our international markets with São Paulo Military Police adopting a large body camera deployment and the Dutch National Police undergoing a large TASER deployment. On the product front last year we launched Fleet 3 and ALPR, and demand has exceeded our expectations. As a result, Fleet bookings for 2021 far surpassed our projections and customers have raved and served as incredible references and our first launch of the Attorney Premiere in December opens up an entire new software category for us in the justice sector. While we’re quick to highlight key wins in new market segments, our entire business has been able to achieve record results due to the stellar work that continues to be done by our state and local teams. Operationally, last quarter, we told you about industry-wide chips shortages that impacted our TASER 7 platform. We told you we had line of sight to clearing the backlog in the first half of 2022 and that remains the case. We continue to manage through challenges including delivery delays and our supply chain team is navigating extremely well. We also called out in today’s Shareholder Letter, that approximately $15 million of AB3 is also shifting into 2022, as a result of an elongated supply chain. I want to note that we have been intentional over our preparedness, investing in manufacturing capacity and flexibility, thereby improving our ability to meet customer demand. We feel great about our pipeline and bookings and in what continues to be a very dynamic environment. As Rick noted, you often hear me post about our teams and the incomparable talent we have at Axon, recruiting is a major focus for us as we grow. We recently announced that we are opening an R&D hub in London, which will be our fifth after Scottsdale, Seattle; Tampere, Finland; Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. And finally, if you know someone fantastic who wants to make an impact, we want the best people in the world to come to Axon, so please refer them to us. Now, with that, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jawad Ahsan.
Jawad Ahsan: Excellent. I’d like to start by recapping some of our financial highlights over the past few years. This is our third year in a row of 25% plus revenue growth. Our annual recurring revenue has tripled over those same past three years to $327 million and looking back over five years, our revenue has grown at a CAGR of 26% from 2016 to 2021. And over the same period, our adjusted EBITDA has grown at a CAGR of 32%. We’ve delivered both exciting topline growth and strong operating leverage, all while making investments that will not only continue these trends for years to come, but more importantly, help us achieve our mission to protect life. As we look ahead to 2022 and beyond, we intend to use this momentum to our advantage and stay on offense. What does that going to look like? We’re introducing today a third pillar of our financial strategy, in addition to topline growth and bottomline leverage, and that third pillar is cash generation. We’re laser focused on building an enterprise that will deliver 20% plus revenue growth for years to come, return increasing amounts of profitability to our shareholders as we grow and build a free cash flow generating machine that will make our businesses sustainable for the long-term and keep us nimble and flexible. This flexibility will be built on the stable foundation of a subscription-based business model that generates highly recurring cash flows. We recently talked about investing for growth in terms of R&D. We’re still making those investments. But we also know that our continued growth at this pace will depend on more than just R&D. We’ll need new sites and new offices around the world, as our global footprint expands. We’ll need new facilities with new capabilities, both in terms of automation and streamline manufacturing, as well as showcase spaces for our technology, where we can collaborate with and gather feedback from our increasingly diverse customer and partner base. And finally, we’ll also need the ability to move quickly when the right inorganic opportunity presents itself. It’s for these reasons that we gave you more color than usual in our Shareholder Letter about our cash flow and CapEx expectations, including formal guidance for 2022. Transparency is of paramount importance to us and you can expect to hear more from us on this topic. We’re incredibly proud of how we’ve positioned the business to be cash generative for years to come. To recap, the three pillars in terms of what you can expect from us going forward. It’s, number one, continued strong performance on the topline. Number two continued discipline in our operations, which will be evidenced by outperforming the rule of 40. And number three, a strong ramp in operating cash flow that will after the investments that we’ve laid out, lead to a strong ramp in free cash flow. Looking ahead, we’re also very excited by the next wave of new products and technologies that are going to become an important part of our growth story in their own right. Before we move to questions, I want to echo Rick’s comments about the geopolitical crisis we are all facing as global citizens. Our thoughts are very much with the citizens of Ukraine today and we had Axon have never been more proud of our mission to protect life. And with that, Andrea, let’s move to questions.
A - Andrea James: Thanks so much, guys. Matt, can you bring everyone up into gallery view? Let me know when that, when we’re all in gallery. Are we in gallery view? Okay. Awesome. Okay. Great. We’ll take our first question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: Hi. Good afternoon. I wanted to start out with sort of, maybe what was different between your supply chain expectations around backlog and what ended up materializing around the quarter? And what’s sort of giving you the confidence that you’ll be able to sort of maintain, clearing the backlog by second quarter?
Rick Smith: Jonathan, thanks for that question. Yeah. We had just some material delays that impacted some of our original thinking. We still feel really strong about the total year outlook. And our supply chain teams just done a phenomenal job ensuring that we have line of sight to key revenue drivers. If I had to summarize it, I would say, we may see some quarter-to-quarter mix based on some of those material delays. But we still feel very strong for the year guidance that we published.
Jonathan Ho: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you referenced 25% of bookings coming from new types of customers. I just wanted to get a sense for, how much those customers can continue to contribute going forward, as we look at sort of that, that increasing ratio? What can that get to over time? Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Jonathan. Nice to see you again. I’d say, for international specifically, our goal is to have international outperformed the United States in bookings long-term. So I think we’re just scratching the surface right now in that segment and the federal government will acknowledge our entire federal team. Just two years ago, we’re -- was a kind of a $15 million to $20 million bookings business every year and last year we’re just short of $100 million in that segment. And again, we think we’re closer to the beginning then the end of that growth. And so we have a lot of confidence, especially in those two segments. And then, the Justice segment, the correction segment and enterprise, where we’re starting to see some encouraging momentum as well. I -- one of the things that makes it challenging at times as our domestic segments still grows pretty substantially. But certainly, we hope and expect those new segments to outpace domestic and become a bigger and bigger part of that mix over time.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Andrea James: Okay. Thanks, Jonathan. Next question from Josh Reilly at Needham. Go ahead, Josh.
Josh Reilly: Hey, there. Thanks for taking my questions and nice job on the quarter and year. So, I think, given the news in Ukraine here over the last week, curious how this maybe impacts your European opportunity, given the pipeline there in that region? And I know it’s early, but do you anticipate any potential business disruption as a result of what’s going on?
Rick Smith: We’ve spent years and years building up a really strong team and pipeline in Europe. And last year the team really performed well against our goals. In terms of normalized five-year bookings we are up about 35%. In terms of 10-year bookings, we’re up close to 60% in international. So these are deals that take a lot of time and energy to move through the sales cycle. And so the ones that we expect to close this year, largely we’ve been working on already for quite some time. So I think we’re in a place now where we feel like they’re insulated from some of the uncertainty. But having said that, no one can predict the future in terms of how this will play out longer term. So, of course, there’s a little bit more risk there today than there was last week, but we still feel really confident in our international and EMEA business throughout 2022.
Josh Reilly: Okay. And then if you look at the increasing guidance and adjust for the $15 million of AB3 revenue that’s pushed to 2022. How much of that $40 million increase is related to increase assumptions around TASER versus other products?
Rick Smith: I think it’s a healthy mix. I think we believe the TASER business is going to grow this year across both domestic and our newer segments, and then video shipments and some other products, both on the software and hardware side will contribute there. We -- the team did a really nice job of not only closing out a strong Q4, but continuing to develop a pipeline for this year. And in Q1, we expect really significant book -- bookings growth over Q1 of last year and we’re pushing really hard to make that trend continue throughout the year. So we think it’ll be a mix of factors that drive that revenue and bookings result there.
Josh Reilly: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Andrea James: All right. Thank you. Will Power at Baird. Go ahead, Will.
Will Power: All right. Great. Thanks. Rick, maybe starting with you, you all rolled out a bunch of new exciting products, whether it’s VR, Bolt 2, Fleet 3, on and on Digital Evidence Management for justice. You look over the next five years, what should these new product categories get you most excited and what can be the biggest opportunity, I guess, growth for the company?
Rick Smith: Sorry, I had myself muted there, it’s my patented move. That’s kind of like asking me again, like which of my children I love the most. It’s actually -- it’s hard to pick. Like, over on the TASER side of the business, we’ve got some crazy awesome new technology coming over the next 10 years. We are going to outperform a 9-millimeter pistol by 2030. I am highly confident. Over on the other side of the business, like solving problems for attorneys in the criminal justice system, that’s high margin software. It’s scaling rapidly, quickly. And we’re passionate, our team over there talks about the opportunity to really impact fairness and efficiency in the justice system by having tools that enable public defenders, who may only have literally minutes with their clients have to work out plea deals to make them able to efficiently be able to process the video evidence and find what they need. So across our whole business, pretty much everything we do, impacts people’s lives in an important way, because public safety is, it’s really important and foundational work to a modern society. So I’m excited across the board. I mean, consumer, I started this business to focus on the consumer space after a private citizen killed two of my friends, ruining their lives and now spending his life in jail. We need to give people something better than a bullet. It’s 2022 and across the board, whether it’s improving the efficiency of the justice system or saving lives or just putting medieval technology on the shelf, because we’ve given the world something better. We’re just excited across the board. So forgive my enthusiasm, but I actually love my job. I just got back from a two and a half day roadshow, saw 12 major agencies and I always come back super pumped. I literally got home about five minutes before the call. It’s just such an awesome business to be in. And I’ll just tell you this, I also, I’m watching what’s happening in Europe. And I can’t help but think, like the world is looking at this quite differently. Like, what is this capricious use of war? It doesn’t feel like it fits the modern world and I think we all were hoping it was gone. But the global revolves, you can feel it and I’m hoping that we’re turning a corner here. And I think we’re seeing even in military circles, the acceptance of killing people is not what it was 100 years ago. And hopefully, we’re going to get rid of it being accepted at all in the next century.
Will Power: Yeah. Okay. Thank you. That all makes sense. Maybe if I can just ask the second one, either for you or Luke or whoever wants to take it. It has been a challenging hiring environment, especially for R&D talent and technology. I know you’re opening a new hub in London, which presumably helps. Maybe just talk about what you’re seeing in terms of employee retention, difficulty hiring, how does that factor into plants and outlook there?
Rick Smith: Yeah. I’m going to take that first, and Luke, I’ll have you take the ball. Part of what we’re doing in London as well, it’s really important, we’re beginning to continue to expand our global footprint that, we’ve got a lot of customers in the U.K. and Scotland and across Europe. And we really feel it’s incumbent on us to really have a global footprint, where we’re sourcing talent around the world and putting that talent closer to our customers. So this both helps with a sourcing talent, but also we think from a customer intimacy perspective, it’s getting help there as well. With that, Luke, can you take the rest on retention.
Luke Larson: Yeah. Great question. As we, look, like in the last two years we’ve seen this acceleration of remote work and that’s given every employee in the world a lot of opportunities. I think a lot of companies are kind of scratching their heads going, how are we possibly going to retain people in this environment? I’m super excited about that Axon, because I think we’re going to be the beneficiary of that, because we built an amazing company. So when we go out and talk to candidates, we talk about the purpose and the mission that we have. We talked about the great team that we’ve built and the talent that we’ve attracted. I think one really exciting part of the business is the future growth that we see ahead of us. And so, that’s not only for prospective employees, it’s for existing employees as well. And so, I feel really confident about the team that we built and it’s definitely a challenging hiring environment, but we think it’s going to be one where we’re going to thrive, because we built such a great business.
Rick Smith: Stay tuned at the end of the call. We’ve got one more video for you, that the team put together, that really is showcases a bit of who we are and we’re getting rave reviews from people seeing it online, who don’t even know what we do, who want to come work for us. We aspire to have a place that not only works on big problems, but really has a good time doing it. It recognizes and celebrates the humanity of our people. We’re all in this together working on problems we care about and that is resonating with our current employees and with folks we’re trying to recruit in.
Will Power: Yeah. Look forward to that.
Andrea James: Yeah. Thanks. We’re really excited to share that video with you at the end. So do stick around. Okay. Mita Marshall at Morgan Stanley. You are next.
Mita Marshall: Great. Thanks. You listed a number of kind of international agencies that you guys were having success with in the quarter. Just wanted to get a sense of whether -- where you’re seeing the most traction, either TASER s or body camera and just whether they’re more likely to kind of bundle up front or if there’s different needs with the software for those customers that maybe digging in on the international side and what traction you’re seeing there? And then, maybe second, it sounded like you guys were able to kind of work around and find alternatives for a lot of the products, but just getting a sense of, if you think there’s any price increases that will need to be passed on to customers? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Thanks very much for the question. So, on international, I think, our focus is customer acquisition regardless of product. So I think some customers are better suited at the moment for TASER, are more interested in TASER s and others are pursuing body cameras or in-car video or even interview room. And for us our strategy has always been to make sure we can delight our customers with one of those products and then over time expand the ecosystem within each agency. And we really believe that’s become a competitive differentiator for us in the United States over time and it will internationally as well. I’d say it’s a little less common to see bundling of TASER s and body cams in most markets, the Commonwealth countries might be a little more common there. But it’s still, in a lot of these markets, how can we get in there with any of our products and delight customers and build really strong productive trusting relationships. So that’s really the focus internationally. And in terms of pricing, I think, we feel really good about where we stand right now. We’ve -- we address pricing every year and meet as a team and decide kind of how best to go out to market and be fair in terms of the value that we’re providing. And we don’t at this point, anticipate passing any of the or passing any pricing increases along to our customers. We announced our new pricing in January. We feel great about it. We have many of our supplier contracts locked in. Our 10-year deals do contain escalator starting in year six to account for inflation and new products and new capabilities and so forth, and we continue to feel good about that.
Mita Marshall: Great.
Luke Larson: I want to add on hear that one thing we are working on, that’s why we laid it out for you in our cash estimates is our investment in automation, streamlining, manufacturing, labor reduction, right, that’s a big investment we’re making from a CapEx standpoint to help attack this from the cost side.
Mita Marshall: Perfect. Thanks for the context.
Andrea James: Good. Thanks, Mita. Keith Housum at Northcoast. You’re up next.
Keith Housum: Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. Can you guys speak a little bit, perhaps, a crystal ball here, and perhaps, give us a little bit of a highlight in terms of what to expect for this year in terms of new product rollouts or updating existing ones, now AB3 is three years old, TASER, it’s being in process. Perhaps, can you give us an update where you guys are out in the new products or in the improvements or changing or updating the old ones?
Rick Smith: Well, I’ve got to contain my excitement here, you know that, Keith. The products are, we surprised that are getting to the end of their expected lifecycle, where do we start to expect to see some new ones coming along. So I can’t give you any specifics. But we do get on a cadence of approximately two and a half to three years on body cameras and every five years on TASERs. And we just launched Fleet 3. There’s a lot going on. But, unfortunately, I can’t give you more than that, other than to share my smile with you and let you know, we got good stuff coming on the way.
Keith Housum: Okay. I buy 3s in May 2018, correct, 2019, and mass, so just like probably I am missing for that one. My -- no comment for you guys necessary, my assumption is on that one. It’s the next question more for Jawad. You guys did noted that you guys increased freight costs in the fourth quarter. I’m assumed you got other costs and supply chain issues, can you perhaps give us some context what the impact was in the fourth quarter, how we should think about that in 2022?
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah. The impact is fairly muted on our margins when you saw gross margin compression, it was largely actually due to when we talked about the supply chain shortages that we had, unable to fulfill demand and so we had some fixed costs that were unable to be allocated over inventory and that caused a little bit of margin compression. But, overall, not a big disruption. This is again pointing back to the investments we’re making in our manufacturing, processes, in automation to really get out ahead of that. We’re seeing results. We’ve been making those investments for a couple of years. They’ve been on a bit of a smaller scale and now we’re ramping those up because we’re seeing such great benefits from those. And that’s something that we expect to continue to pay dividends in the short-term and over the next few years, and as we, again, try to drive towards that long-term margin target of 30%.
Keith Housum: Okay. So to recap, Jawad [ph], you don’t expect any significant compression in 2022 because either of those issues.
Jawad Ahsan: That’s correct.
Keith Housum: …on cost side. Okay. All right. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Andrea James: Thank you, Keith. Next up it looks like Eric has dropped off, so we’ll go to Paul Chung at JPMorgan. Go ahead, Paul.
Paul Chung: Hey. Thanks for taking my questions. So just -- I just want to talk about the kind of push out in 4Q revenues and kind of impact on the shape of your TASER contribution in 2022. And then how is your visibility on the weapons side and then given that higher subscription bundles, do we expect a little less volatility between the quarters? Then I’ve a follow-up.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I think it’s a good question. The teams worked really, really hard to get as much line of sight into the TASER supply chain as we can and they deserve a lot of credit for that. I think we feel very much that the outlook on supply chain does support our new revenue guidance. And so, as you remember in Q4, we did guide to around $204 million I think and surpassed that, and that just speaks to the fact that the team really did a good job pulling in every component that they could to be able to beat that guidance and we think we’ve got a promising path forward in that regard. In terms of quarter-to-quarter flux, last year it became fairly consistent between Q2 and Q4. There was less kind of swing in the revenue results overall. I do think that is because the team is getting better and better at building a more substantial pipeline across segments and that allows us to have a little less execution risk quarter-to-quarter. So certainly every quarter we start with, how can we maximize the percentage of the pipeline that we close and that’s going to continue to be a focus, and I really believe the team is primed for another really strong year in that regard.
Luke Larson: And then Paul on your visibility question, we have got visibility to little over half, about half -- over half is booked, and it’s one of the reasons we like to highlight our bookings number, because it’s a really strong indicator of our future revenue growth.
Paul Chung: And then on cash flow, very strong, so despite some of the component shortages here, talk about the working cap dynamics you expect over the year and then kind of benefits of a larger subscription base and then the shape of cash flows as we move through the year, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yeah. This is one we’re really excited about. I’m personally extremely…
Paul Chung: Yeah.
Rick Smith: …excited about it. We’ve built a business that is going to be hugely cash generative for years to come. This is something that we’ve been building the foundation for many years and it’s really starting to manifest itself in our cash flow statements. Last year we had a bit of a use of working capital and we expect that that’s going to work itself out in the first half of the year. And going -- we obviously laid out the investment in the new campus, the automation, manufacturing initiatives. We have new sites and facilities opening around the world. And so that’s one of the reasons that we’ve given more visibility into our capital expenditure. We’ve broken that out versus sort of like recurring business ongoing, excluding the one-time items. We are going to give you visibility to those one-time items over the next couple of years and we expect that once we’re through the next couple of years with those investments that we’re really going to be throwing off pretty significant amounts of cash.
Andrea James: Thanks, Paul. And it looks like we have Astrid joined -- has joined us from Raymond James. Don’t mean to put you on the spot, because your video is off, but do you have a question, Astrid? Okay. I’m going to assume not. I’ll give you another second. Is there anybody else who has a follow up? You can kind of come off mute. Don’t all jump up at once. Oh, Will Power has his hand up. Go ahead.
Will Power: There was a follow up, I was intrigued with -- on the corrections market look like a nice one in Ohio, I believe. So, I’d love to get further color as to what the pipeline of opportunities looks like. It seems like that’s been a kind of a budding opportunity for a while. Are we finally at the cusp of more significant win, so how do we think about that opportunity moving forward?
Rick Smith: Yeah. Absolutely. Deploying body camera at every correctional facility in Ohio was a huge win for the corrections team and one that took multiple years to deliver. There’s a big market here. We often talk about internally like, for example, the California Department of Corrections is about the size of NYPD and office account. So there’s a big market out there to go get. We’ve reworked some of the offerings and packaging and bundling to better suit our corrections customers and we’ve continued to build out that team over the last year and a half here. So we’re really excited about the progress. There are still a lot of work to do and to do a different sale for sure than a lot of our more conventional law enforcement customers. But we expect that to be not only a part of our state and local growth moving forward, but also a part of our federal growth moving forward.
Andrea James: Thanks, Will. Jonathan has a follow up. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, there. So just given when we started the call in VR, I thought it’d be appropriate to just ask, just given the success that you’re seeing there. Are there any stimulus funding or programs that can maybe drive even faster adoption in that VR space? And can you maybe remind us of how much of a step up in ASPs and you can see from sort of VR adoption? Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Absolutely. So, right now, if you buy a VR, our VR offering with TASER 7, it’s about a $17 month uplift from the TASER 7 and we have some a la carte packages as well. I’d say, like all of our products, early on we’re far more focused on adoption than ASP right now. We believe that this is an extremely emerging and disruptive technology that is going to further our mission, obviously, the bullet, of course, we can do that through building a better and better TASER and we will. But the other side of that is making sure that we’re able to simulate the type of stress that officers experience in the field. And so we really believe this is kind of our next big product category and we’re really focused on becoming the market leader in this space. And like, we said this product outperformed both our body cameras and X26 in year one of sales, which is a great indicator. And the team’s really focused on driving this business segment up past $100 million in bookings as fast as we can here.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Andrea James: Rick, you’re off mute, so you’re going to close this out. Go ahead.
Rick Smith: Now, you made me want to double check and just make sure that I’m off mute here. Well, hey, we’re obviously just thrilled with the performance the team’s been able to pull together over these past two years despite the pandemic and social unrest and now these new geopolitical challenges. But I have the great fortune to work with just some really awesome people who get out of bed, regardless of what’s happening in the world and just get after our mission. So we want to conclude by sharing with you a really special project. Our team shot some drone footage of our current headquarters this week and we’d love to take you through our Scottsdale office R&D and manufacturing facility. It’s pretty cool. Check it out. [Video Presentation]

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-16 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James : Okay.
Rick Smith: All right. Great job, Angel and Andrea and our whole IR team. You guys just really did a nice job on that video. I hope our investors enjoyed it. So as you can see from our results, our teams are continuing to execute at the highest level. Perhaps the strongest growth indicator is record bookings of $0.5 billion in a single quarter. As bookings eventually flow through to revenue, Axon has become a substantially larger business in the coming years. And the momentum is really strong, with sales contracts booked up to 70% year-to-date compared to last year, and we expect another record bookings quarter in Q4. I'm proud of the results we're delivering in 2021 and even more energized by the opportunity in front of us. We've demonstrated our ability to scale the business and drive leverage in our model. Now, we're expanding our growth story as we continue to introduce new products, selling to new customer market segments and ad sales channels across geographies. Today, we're addressing an even larger TAM. As you saw in the video, our current estimates point to a total addressable market of $52 billion. With our top-line projected to reach at least $1 billion next year, you can see there's enormous white space that had. By way of example, in early October AXON had its largest ever presence at the Association of the United States Army's Annual Conference in Washington, DC. This provided us with an opportunity to showcase our AXON transformative solutions for law enforcement position us to disrupt the U.S. defense market, giving us a seat at the table to begin influencing how the military responds towards to the future. As I watched the helicopters evacuate our embassy in Kabul, it struck me that the United States has effectively not achieved durable, strategic success in our last 3 wars. And it's not for lack of sufficient lethality. Our military is the greatest fighting machine in the history of the world, with the most lethal and precise weapons. Yet, the more we killed in Vietnam, the more we lost the hearts and minds of the very people we needed to win over. And the same phenomenon played out in Iraq and Afghanistan. We can no longer kill our way to success in modern conflicts. And I believe the ability to capture bad actors will become ever more strategically valuable, and we intend to lead the way. As the world news is at a faster pace, Axon is remaining at the forefront of bringing transformative technologies to market. We're innovators at our core. You can see that when you look at our history. We signed the incorporation papers for TASER at my dining room table 28 years ago. And since that time our mission has remained unchanged, but our organization has significantly evolved. And today, we have a broad ecosystem of public safety products. We have continually found new ways to serve our customers from disruptive technologies and software, even when they met with initial resistance. We've always said extremely high bars for ourselves at Axon but we found that great challenges make us rise to meet them. Earlier this month, we held our 6th Annual Axon Accelerate Conference right here in Phoenix, and it sure felt great to be back in person with all our customers and colleagues. The theme of this year's conference, and the topic of my opening keynote, was that change is inevitable and today, technology is moving at an exponential pace. From virtual reality training to our drone program, Axon Air, to automatic license plate reader technology and transcription, we're unlocking the power of technology to reach our North Star of obsoleting the bullet and outperforming the 9-millimeter pistol and stopping power by 2030. Amid Accelerate, we introduced our next moonshot. Together with our customers in public safety, within the next 10 years, we aim to cut officer-involved shootings by half. We believe we can accomplish this with new technologies, new training procedures, new policies, and even new regulations to guide the way. In fact, I used to accelerate as an opportunity to introduce a regulatory framework. The 3 Laws of first respond to robotics to begin a critically important discussion of how we use robotics, not to kill each other, but specifically to avoid harming each other, with new ways to capture dangerous subjects. Any decision that impacts the human subject for robot must be made by an authenticated human operator accepting legal and moreover responsibility. That are first proposed law, second, there should be no lethal force. De -escalation should be the primary goal in the minimal use of force to stop a threat. And then the 3rd is that any institute of force deployed by a robotic system should be recorded in full audio video in all user data and reviewed by an independent oversight committee. I will be hosting a Reddit AMA in December to gather public input on these guidelines. We're proud of our history of increasing mechanisms of control and accountability to ensure that powerful new technologies are used for good from the data logs and the TASER to the very existence of body cameras and our ethical product framework that we use to guide our ALPR development. And now we are leading the way to set the regulatory framework years ahead of advanced non-lethal robotics technology. We're excited to continue to blaze new trails in our mission to end killing. We were fortunate to close out 3 days of robust, interactive dialogue at Accelerate with a keynote where I got to interview Former President George W. Bush. He delivered an incredibly inspiring talk, expressing gratitude to public safety officers and calling for civility to all citizens, which is squarely aligned with our mission to protect life, capture truth, and accelerate justice. And at the end of today's call, we're going to play for you a very powerful moment from Accelerate, so please stay tuned after the Q&A. And with that, I'm going to hand it over to Luke Larson, our President.
Luke Larson : Thanks, Rick. Let me start by echoing your sentiment around Accelerate. We believe it all starts with creating a great experience for the customer, which means more than just listening. It's anticipating their needs by mapping technologies to insightful opportunities. A level of customer engagement we saw this year is a testament to the transformative power of the public safety platform we build. We're obsessed with creating value in a unique way that no one else can by solving real problems with solutions people are willing to use. Who is a phenomenal week learning from customers from all over the world I could not be more excited for the road ahead. Huge shout out to our marketing sales product teams and really all the employees that are icon and made such an impact on experience. The business continues to grow at a fast pace, which means recruiting and fostering the best and most diverse talent is critical to our success. Our ability to retain top talent not only allows Axon to move increasingly closer to accomplishing our mission, but also allows us to establish new goals along the way. To do this, we need to continue creating an organization that is future-proof, resilient to disruption, and at the forefront of innovation. We are currently hiring over 300 roles and we have embraced remote work as an opportunity to expand our talent pool, pooling from the best-in-class resources around the globe. How our employees spend their lives matter, which is why we put a great deal of consideration into the culture we are creating and the values we want to embody as we build the future. This means we're doubling down on our Jet-I and learning development initiatives. The teams we built, our unparalleled and it's incredible watching the collective hard work and dedication to our mission. We're laser-focused on how do we attract, retain, and develop the best talent. You know someone great that wants to make a great impact, send them our way. As we round out the year, we feel great about our product pipeline. We're finishing 2021 with exceptional bookings, which includes $30 million of TASER 7 revenue that we expected to deliver in Q4, but it's now just shifting into the first half of 2022. This is the result of an industry-wide chip shortage that impacted our TASER 7 platform. The supply chain conversation is universal right now, and while we are not immune, our teams are definitely navigating the situation. We have incredibly strong relationships and a long history with our supply chain partners who are invested in Axon's mission and are aligned in helping us meet our pipeline. Teamwork is harder than it seems on the surface and as our Company's skilled globally, it requires a consistent commitment to operate as 1 team. We're proud of our supply chain team to have done a tremendous job helping us manage through the global supply chain prices. While we've experienced some delays and the potential for interruption remains, we have line of sight to clearance in the first half of 2022 and continue to be confident in our ability to meet the needs of our customers and deliver on our annual revenue guidance, in spite of these challenges. I want to reiterate, we have line of sight to clearing the backlog in the first half of the year. We feel great about our pipeline and hoping to what continues to be a dynamic environment. Now, I will turn the call over to Axon's Chief Financial Officer, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan : Thanks, Luke. I also want to start by echoing the excitement over our Accelerate conference. Meeting with our customers, partners, and employees from around the world was super energizing. It reinforced for me that Axon sits squarely at the intersection of social justice and advanced technology with a mission that galvanizes all of our stakeholders. These stakeholders include you, our investors. While we weren't able to offer an investor track at Accelerate this year, you've been top of mind for us. In light of feedback we received at our last proxy, we've been conducting a listening campaign to gather more specific feedback from our investors on our approach to governance in ESG. The input we've received has been invaluable and we look forward to sharing the outcome of these discussions in the coming months. Now, over the past several years, you've seen us invest aggressively in R&D and channel expansion. We've deployed capital to strategic partnerships, putting an early stake in the ground on emerging technologies and trends. These actions have enabled us to unlock transformative new products like VR and Respond new customer market segments like Federal and Justice, and new geographic regions worldwide. Today, we're excited to share that as a result of our strategic planning and continued investments, we're projecting substantial runway for growth with a new and updated Total Addressable Market or TAM. Our new TAM is almost double the last one that we shared with you. While our penetration in this new TAM is still relatively low, it's absolutely our intention to serve these markets with the investments we have in place, which will see us bring exciting new products to market over the next 18 to 24 months. There are two areas in particular I want to highlight. First, federal, we had Richard Coleman to run our federal business in 2018, and he has since built a stellar team who's performance has exceeded our expectations. We now view the federal team for Axon as a $9 billion opportunity across taser devices, body-worn cameras, demos, and other software. We count among our customers today, several of the branches of the federal government, including the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, Customs and Border Protection, and the Drug Enforcement Agency. We've also been driving adoption of our new multi-jurisdictional sharing feature, which is enabling state and local agencies to seamlessly share evidence with U.S. attorneys. To better serve federal customers who have sensitive law enforcement information, We've made an investment to ensure our software complies with the Civilian Fed Rate High and the Defense Impact Level 5 security standards. At these security levels, we anticipate being able to offer a DEM solution to all 90+ federal law enforcement organization s across civilian and defense agencies. After a strong third quarter in which we added $35 million in new deals, we are on track to have another record year for federal bookings. Next, I want to briefly double-click on consumer. Axon has, since its inception, always had a consumer business, but it's historically not been one that we've devoted meaningful R&D to. With the ongoing development of our exciting new TASER device technology, we've committed to releasing a host of new personal safety devices over the next few years that will help advance our mission to truly obsolete the bullet. We also intend to begin offering personal safety solutions to mobile applications over this time frame. In our shareholder letter, we highlighted a TASER device penetration is less than 25% in the U.S. and even lower globally, but that represents the professional user. The penetration in consumer is virtually 0 in an $11 billion market, which means we have a tremendous runway ahead in just a segment alone. To be clear, we're still very early announcing consumer, but we have the alignment, the technology, the strategy, and most importantly, the mission to drive this growth. Now, before we open up the call to questions, I want to highlight 3 themes that we'd like you to take away this quarter. 1, we are significantly underpenetrated on our growing global TAM. 2, we're delivering against the rule of 40, investing for growth while achieving leverage. 3. Our year-to-date results and outlook for 2022 are a waypoint in towards building a much larger Company that is synonymous with public safety and protecting life. As we look ahead to 2022, we're carrying a ton of momentum into the new year. Our 2022 revenue projection has strengthened to at least $1 billion on top of what we expect will be at least 25% year-over-year growth in 2021. We added a record $28 million in ARR this past quarter to bring our total ARR to $288 million. We have an exciting runway ahead of us, and we look forward to sharing updates on our progress in the coming quarters. With that, Angel, let's move to questions.
A - Angel Ambrosio: Okay. Thanks, Jawad and team. And as Rick noted, as we move into Q&A, I would encourage you all to stay tuned. If we have the time, we have a special surprise for you at the end of today's call. Moderators, can you bring everyone up into gal review? Okay. Great. All right. Our first question comes from Josh Reilly at Needham. Go ahead, Josh.
Joshua Reilly: All right. Thanks, guys. Nice job on the quarter here. Maybe we'll just start with the $30 million shipped in Q4 teams or revenue. Would you expect all that to hit here in Q1 or will be more evenly spread out through the first half? And then what are the puts and takes on the timing of that revenue hitting?
Rick Smith: Thanks a lot for the question, Josh. I think at this point, we do see it hitting in both Q1 and Q2. And certainly, it's a challenging supply chain environment across the world right now and the team's doing a great job navigating through that. And so, of course, we're hoping we can fulfill as much of that in Q1 as we can, but realistically it'll be across Q1 and Q2.
Joshua Reilly: Okay, great. And then maybe just a follow-up on Fleet 3. As that's launching here, is there going to be any impact to that production ramp given the semiconductor supply chain challenges? And then, is there going to be any initial impact to gross margin as a result of this ramp due to the Fleet 3 mix coming in as well?
Rick Smith: I let Jawad answer the second part of that question. But on Fleet 3, the demand has been very, very high, higher than we've ever seen for our in-car video products before. So we are shipping a record numbers of Fleet 3 as compared to Fleet 1 and Fleet 2 and we expect that to continue throughout next year. We are oversubscribed for the product right now and I think that speaks more towards the demand than anything else but we do expect to shift large quantities relative to previous versions in Q1 and moving forward, I'm sorry the Q4 of this year and moving forward and Q1.
Jawad Ahsan : Then Josh, the question on gross margins, we're not expecting at this point any impact from Fleet on gross margins.
Joshua Reilly: Awesome. Thanks, guys. I'll move on here.
Angel Ambrosio: Okay. Next question comes from analyst Jonathan Ho of William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho : Hi. Good afternoon and congratulations on another quarter of strong results. As we look at your revised TAM estimates, can you talk about maybe why the decision now to sort of update the TAM and maybe what underpins some of these assumptions since it seems like the markets appear to be a lot larger than you previously thought?
Jawad Ahsan : Yes, I'll start with that 1, John, and thanks for the question. So, we've been, as we talked about for the past few years, investing for growth beyond the TASER devices and body cameras, and we've given you flavors here and there of the markets that we're aiming towards the new products and segments. And what we wanted to do is reflect accurately how the business is oriented today. Our TAM has been expanding in the past few years, but that's also because the lens that we're looking at our business through has been widening as well, and things like VR, a bigger presence in federal, more of a focus on consumer; these investments are in-flight now, as I mentioned they're still very, very early inning s but its TAM release speaks more to our ambition. We wanted to align how we're thinking about our TAM opportunity with how we're investing for growth today. And we wanted to make sure that you guys are thinking about the same way that we are.
Jonathan Ho : Got it. And then when we look at this revised opportunity, what are the investments that you need to make to sort of unlock these additional markets? What are the most impactful ones, if you can just highlight that for us? Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan : Yes, the great thing about it is it's not a lot of incremental investment. The beauty of Axon business today is that the technology we have for TASER, for example, right? We've been investing in TASER for quite some time. We've talked a lot about the next-generation TASER technology, we're very excited about. And that technology is going to be able to serve our domestic and international law enforcement markets, it's going to be able to serve our federal markets, correction, enterprise security; it's going to, in a large way be able to translate to consumer as well. And so what we're really looking to do is gain leverage on the investments that we're already making. The same thing holds true with body camera and DEMS. You look at the body camera and DEMS product, it's really an enterprise solution that happens to be oriented towards law enforcement today and is geared towards law enforcement. We think that there are other use cases for that technology, and there are new areas like VR training that we are making a new incremental investment. In that content, there the demand is extremely strong. And in drones, here, we're looking to partner a little bit more and find the right partners to help us get into those markets. But what you should read into this is that we're not looking to really expand or to get too far ahead of our skis as far as investments into new technologies that's really driving leverage from the one that we have.
Jonathan Ho : Fantastic. Thank you
Angel Ambrosio: Okay. Next -- next question comes from analyst Brian Gesuale at Raymond James. Go ahead, Brian. We also have Astrid on the call. so Astrid, if you would prefer to ask the question, you can go ahead and do that as well. Maybe we'll give you both a second and we will go to Paul Chung from JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. So just on your annual software contracts, what the customer is kind of what more of? How are you thinking about the dynamic between the new seats and increase in market share? And what are some of the upcoming features we should expect to kind of further drive that launch there?
Rick Smith: Paul, thanks for the question. I think the good news here is that the product team has done a fantastic job delivering several value-added feature sets over the last couple of years. And we're now seeing the market really start to value those. One of those is performance which measures how officers are complying with their agency policy. There's updated redaction tools, there's a product called Standards, which is our first module of our records products. And ultimately, as we bundle the solutions together in our officer safety plan offerings, we're seeing more and more customers buy those offerings. In fact, we've seen about double the number of licenses purchased this year, so far on that plan as last year and we only achieved through the year. The 2 to 3 quarters, I'd say so. There's a lot of runway ahead for customers to continue to adopt a lot of these feature sets that have been released. And our focus is really through customer success as well as sales, making sure that we do a really good job showing for training of value that these new features have. So that will be kind of our biggest focal point for our software sales team over the next few hours moving more and more customers into those offerings and we're certainly confident in our ability to do so.
Paul Chung: Great. Then on the international front, you saw a very strong growth there, particularly in Europe, where you're seeing pockets of strength there in Europe and where we're seeing the most momentum, and then how the traction been in Asia, you called out that contract there in India; any comments there? Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yes, absolutely. Thanks for the question. So those who have been with us a while will recall for a long time, we're really disciplined about proving our international strategy and what we call our tier 1 markets, the UK, Canada and Australia. And we feel like, we've earned the right to expand beyond those markets now and we've hired out really talented teams in several markets around the world. In EMEA specifically, we're seeing exciting growth in the Netherlands, in Italy, in Spain, in Germany, in France. In addition to India, where we look at this first contract with [Indiscernible] kind of the first indicator that our strategy there is working, and we're going to continue to build out a team there across 1 of the largest leasing markets in the world. Another place we're really seeing a lot of success is Brazil, which 3 years or 4 years ago, we were barred from selling into and now, they are again buying both CWs and our video devices. And so we've got to the point now where both our sales team has localized into some of these markets and our product team is doing a fantastic job supporting our customers in those markets to round out the edges and achieve that last mile of product market fit and it's really coming together nicely for our international business.
Angel Ambrosio: Okay, we are going to go back to Brian Gesuale from Raymond James. Good ahead Brian.
Brian Gesuale: Yes. Thanks very much. You've had several really large wins here over the course of the year and some big deployments coming up with body cams as well as a lot of investments to make to continue to support that TAM mark opportunity out there. Can you maybe talk about how we might see the margins, having flow over the next couple of quarters as you start to bring those customers live and continue to invest in the business?
Jawad Ahsan : Yes, Brian, thanks for the question. I'll take that. So over the long term, I want to reiterate that we're driving the business towards 30% adjusted EBITDA margins, 70% gross margins. Over the next couple of quarters, I guess the best way to think about it, when we start off year, we have a comprehensive list of investments that we want to make in product and channel, operational excellence, etc., and we set our revenue targets and then determine which of these investments that we're going to fund, as you might imagine, not everything gets above the line. Now, everything gets a green light. As we over-deliver on revenue throughout the year, we unlocked funding for those items that were below the line because we do believe that we want to reinvest back in the business. We've got a tremendous opportunity to get after these new products, segments and channels, and so forth. Had we not had $30 million of revenue pushed into 2022, our adjusted EBITDA margins in Q4, would have stayed roughly flat to where they were at the end of Q3. But because we've been unlocking funding throughout the year for these new initiatives, we're now expecting to finish the year, at the EBITDA levels we've guided to, which translates to roughly 20% adjusted EBITDA margin for the full year. And then for next year, we're going to reset. Now, in 2 things to note here, the first one is that, the new initiatives that we're funding, things like VR training and federal next-generation TASER, body camera, records and dispatch fleet we're super excited about. For all these areas, demand is very strong, and just like we saw in 2021, you're going to see any over delivery fall right to the bottom line, you'll see margin tend to tick up. And the second thing note is that, we are in the budget process right now. We're going to treat 2022 just like we've been treating prior years, which is we're going to make sure -- there are going to be things that are below the line. So the Q4 margin rate, even though it's going to be slightly lower, we're going to view that as an anomaly.
Brian Gesuale: Great, I appreciate that. And then the ARR that you booked in the quarter, I think sequentially it's about as strong as I can remember. Any specific shoutouts to particular lines of software? I know the VR /AR stuff has been -- had a lot of momentum over the course of the last couple of quarters. How might we think about some of that strength and what it might look like as we carry that momentum into '22?
Jawad Ahsan : Let me take that release to begin with. We're seeing improving the attach rates on our premium services like Respond, which is the live streaming of body cameras. And on our last call, we talked about how Charlottesville used that capability as they were taking down the controversial statues, to able to see world officers were and be able to tap into live video streams. There's also ALPR, of course, in Fleet. And Respond, as part of our new OSP 7+ premium, which is a plan that includes VR and transcription. So I think we're also seeing an improvement in the attach rates in our highest premium plan in addition to those individual elements.
Rick Smith: Yes, that's right. Actually, Brian, just to formalize, it is a record for us. It's the largest single quarter increase we've ever seen in the IR.
Brian Gesuale: I thought so. Congratulations. I'll jump back in the queue, guys.
Angel Ambrosio: Okay. Our next question comes from Keith Housum at Northcoast. Good ahead Keith.
Keith Housum : Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations on the quarter once again. Appreciate all the color on the TAM and the penetration. As we look at your TASER weapons, they had a phenomenal quarter this quarter, can you provide a little color or context in terms of the percentage of weapons that are being sold as replacement or refresh versus really into new users?
Rick Smith: Thanks a lot for the question, Keith. Nice to see you again. Ultimately for us, I think there's 3 or 4 markets right now that, are adopting TASER. And the answer to your question, is really dependent on the market. For U.S. state in local, ultimately, our motion there is more of an upgrade motion, where folks are -- the majority of the market is upgrading from a Legacy TASER to the new TASER 7. Now, because we sell cameras and tasers in the same bundles now, we are seeing an uptick in that market in terms of first-time standard issue users, which is promising and we don't think can see -- continue to see that being low into the future. And then in other markets like, international and federal and enterprise security, we're seeing more and more first-time TASER users --
Rick Smith: So in international, for example, we have a TASER First strategy where we really want to bet on ourselves to deliver a really fantastic customer experience to a customer we've never worked with before and then they'll adopt our TASERs. And then, 1 year or 2 years later, once we put some equity into the bank there with those customers, we can go back and sell them additional products from our portfolio. And I think federal is a little bit of that as well, and then same with our private security channel. So little bit of a mixed bag depending on the market, but definitely seeing high demand across all of those markets.
Keith Housum : So if you had to aggregate all the numbers, would it be 70% is going to be refreshed, 30% new? Or is it vice versa? Can you ballpark that for me?
Rick Smith: I don't have it off the top of my head. I have keep them prior -- I want to avoid any estimate until I've got the data in front of me so we can come back to you with something like that in a future quarter.
Keith Housum : Fair enough, I'll appreciate that. Just as a follow-up on the supply chain, any chance of supply chain issues looks beyond is a dangerous weapons this quarter into body-worn cameras?
Luke Larson : So I'll take that one Keith, we feel really good about our pipeline. We've been working closely with all of our suppliers. We get to sign contract and committed deliverables into Q1 and Q2. So at this time, in the first half of the year, we feel really confident we're going to We're going to get rid of the backlog on Tasers and keep the momentum going with our full product portfolio. Now, I would add the caveat, we are in the middle of a global supply chain crisis. Our team has done a phenomenal job navigating that, and I think our supply chain strategy has proven that out over the last 2 years, and we feel really good about it.
Keith Housum : I appreciate. Thank you.
Angel Ambrosio: Thanks, Keith. Our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. Go ahead, Jeremy.
Jeremy Hamblin: Him Todd. I'll add my congratulations. Let me first start with a question I think probably for Rick in product development team. So with this ambitious target to make the bullet obsolete by 2030. It's been a few years now since TASER 7. How many iterations of the TASER products do you expect to roll out between now and then in that 8-year period in getting you to that capability where stopping power can match or exceed traditional hand gun?
Rick Smith: So I would say 2 or 3 product revs, between now and 2030 with [Indiscernible]. I don't know we would just to be really specific, I think by 2030 our goal is to outperform the 9 millimeter. And I think that's 2 or 3 product gens out.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And in terms of the investment in your R&D team that, needs to be made to achieve a goal like that. Is that something that, you feel is going to accelerate from what it has been growing at over the last, let's say 4 or 5 years?
Rick Smith: No, not necessarily. The TASER developments are continuing to move along and that business, as it grows, is funding the R&D. I did also, at Accelerate, start to talk about robotics and part of this as well as being able to remove operators from harm's way and some of the most tie risk scenarios and to be able to incapacitate a target. In addition to the handheld Tasers devices, we know our customers also like, if you have a guy in a barricade situation who is armed or I was just talking with a major police chief earlier about incidents like somebody with a gun standing on his porch; you don't want to get within 25 feet of them. And so in those cases, being able to deploy a long range system, and ultimately, I've come to believe that, doing that through some sort of robotic is better than trying to develop some long-range rifle, will be part of the Net solution that it will take for us to cut police shootings in half. We think part that better weapons that, a human can operate themselves. TASER 8, 9, 10. And then also new capabilities, where they might be able to engage particularly dangerous subjects from further distances or even outside of the building.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks. That's actually a good segue and my follow-up question which is, personnel costs, are typically the highest expense for most police departments. This has been an incredibly dynamic 2-year period in law enforcement. vaccine mandates, civil unrest that we've been going through. I just wanted to get a sense for the insight that you are hearing from the police chiefs as to: 1. Staffing with new Patrol Officers, whether they're getting the personnel that they need. 2. The evolution with Axon as a partner, in how to potentially stretch the police force that's deployed in public domains a little bit better or more efficiently so that they can maintain their budgets. What is -- Can you just enlighten us a little bit more about what you're hearing from police chiefs?
Rick Smith: Yeah. I think one of the things we can do to best help them stretch their budget is to free officers from having these fairly expensive professionals spending a lot of time on data entry tasks and a lot of the work that we're doing, for example, in records may not read us directly on obsoleting the bullet, but it can read very directly on helping agencies leverage their staff. I mean, effectively, we could double their productivity if officers didn't have to spend half their day sitting at a laptop, typing up records. And we're doing a lot of work there on the back-office to connect all these sensors we have in the field all the way through, not just into reporting system in an agency, but now moving over into the justice system where you started to talk about how we're finding there's new efficiency needs for prosecutors in courts that are receiving the deluge of digital evidence that we're producing -- that our customers are now producing and handing off and that's creating new and other interesting areas where we can solve a lot of these efficiency problems that translate very directly into budgetary gains.
Jeremy Hamblin: Are they getting adequate staffing or are they having to rely on you even more as a partner? Because in some cases it does sound like staffing has been a challenge to get. I think there's a lot of people who feel like they've been, attacked maybe is an inappropriate word, publicly, and they are not looking to sign up for the job anymore but maybe an opportunity for Axon to again stretch those resources.
Rick Smith: Yeah. We certainly arguing that recruiting is particularly challenging in this environment. I mean, I do think we're also seeing a shift in public sentiment. I mean, in Minneapolis, the bill to replace the police department did not pass. I think we're starting to see a shift in our customers are starting to feel it as well where people are just realizing that law enforcement is a really a critical function and we need to have real solutions and that requires thoughtful investment. Not defunding, but ultimately, as it is more challenging for them to higher than productivity tools do become even more important.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks for the color. Well done. Best wishes.
Rick Smith: Great questions. Thank you.
Angel Ambrosio: Okay, our next question comes from Eric Stampfel from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Eric.
Eric Stampfel : Hi, team. Thanks. Maybe if we could go back to the adoption you are seeing with Records and Respond. I guess just curious, are customers generally upgrading to those solutions as they're moving to higher value bundles with body camera contracts? Do you see that some customers actually have room in the budget to do that ahead of their existing contracts? Just anything on the cadence of adoption, understand it's still early for most customers.
Rick Smith: Yes. Absolutely Eric. Thanks for the question. And ultimately, we believe our products work best together, right. And we believe that, a digital evidence will be at the heart of every police record. Certainly, we're already seeing that trend and we expect that to only continue and grow in the next 5 to 10 years. And so, right now, most of our customers are buying Records in the same offering -- the OS [Indiscernible] of the officer 's safety plan offering and that strategy is serving us well. Right now, we're doing our best to balance more and more customers signing up for the Records products with nailing the experience for our first adopters. And we're hearing more and more positive sentiment from our early customers in records to attribute to the hard work or product team is doing to deliver that experience. And we really believe that stacking one customer onto the next than just doing that enough times to have a really positive early experience and records is what's going to lead to that significant adoption across the market later, and that's the mission we're focused on for now.
Eric Stampfel : Thank you. And then as we think about consumer and just as you're building out prospects for channels there, do you expect most of that to be in a direct model or are there opportunities to expand into store fronts, I guess just in how we think of the differences of sales model is the consumer opportunity really starts to ramp?
Jawad Ahsan : Thanks Eric. I will take that and maybe turn it over to Rick for some additional color. So today, it's both. Today, we sell through distributors and direct-to-consumers and we certainly plan in the near term to leverage both of those models going forward. We do think there's an opportunity for us to increase direct-to-consumer with some of the products we're developing. It's not only next-generation Taser but we're also in the process of developing mobile applications for personal safety, and those we're going to be going direct.
Eric Stampfel : Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan : I'll just leave it at that. I don't want to telegraph too much what we're doing. We haven't announced in terms of products yet, but we're excited about what's coming.
Rick Smith: Very excited.
Angel Ambrosio: All right. Our next question comes from Will Power right there. Go ahead, Will.
Will Power : Okay, great. Yeah, congratulations on strong results. I want to come back to your record, whoever wants to take it. I know you made the comment on the record bookings up 70%. I'd just love to get a little more color on the key drivers of components of that strength as it, is it dominated by any particular products, geographies you think about something between sensors, taser, international building is pretty broad based but any for the back drop on the drivers, that'd be great.
Rick Smith: Let me hand over to Josh. he's just a little closer to the customers in terms of the actual order-flow. I'm feeling broad, general support from the customers. And 1 thing we're hearing is the fact all the stuff works very well together, they see us really being quite valuable. Historically, police tax systems are sort of infamous for not playing well with other systems. Josh, how would you answer that question?
Josh Isner : Ultimately, our bookings are a combination of several factors. I think in our core segments, the more and more officer safety plan adoption that we see drives bookings up because it is -- those are our highest ASP offerings. Now, in addition to that, we're seeing international grow very quickly and we're really, really excited about that. We had -- we're on track for a record year in international by mid double-digit percentages, that's very encouraging to see. We're also seeing that same growth in some of our newer segments, such as the Justice segment had a record quarter, our Enterprise segment had a rough record quarter with private security sales growing.  And then, of course, new products are also contributing, both Axon Air, which is our drone offering, and VR. VR is our fastest adopted product ever, including the TASER X26. And so, we're seeing just across -- it's the first quarter we've ever had where every single one of our sales teams exceeded their goal in Q3, and we're expecting that type of momentum to contribute -- or to continue across all segments and all products. Very encouraging stuff and I think that, in his comments to start, we expect to even post a better results next quarter in terms of total bookings.
Will Power : That's great. And then maybe just a question for Jawad, I know you all provided a revenue guidance or a target for next year. Maybe I missed this, but any framework for EBITDA margins for next year? I know you have longer-term 30% on target. I know this year you've largely outperformed where you intended to be, you've got investments planned, there were some of the puts and takes we should think about as we put our models together for next year to be in the right sim code.
Jawad Ahsan : Yes, I appreciate the question, Will, you certainly nailed the party line. We are driving towards 30% margins long term and we're going to remain opportunistic about where to invest weeks are in the process of setting our budget for 2022. We have not formerly guided to EBITDA dollars or margin for next year the way that we're thinking about it is, as I mentioned, we have a host of investments that we'd like to fund. Not everything is going to get funded and as we go throughout the year and hopefully surpass our revenue targets, we're going to unlock more funding. The reason we're doing that is there's just so much opportunity in front of us and it's across a variety of categories. It's cross multiple products, multiple channels, multiple geographies, and I want to make sure that we're keeping our top-line growing and the way we do that is by investing, right? And not focusing on EBITDA. So, what you can count on from us is we're going to stay disciplined, that's something that Rick and I rest the executive team are very much aligned on. That we want to drive leverage in the business overtime but we also are going to prioritize investing in getting after this TAM that we shared with you today.
Will Power : Thank you.
Angel Ambrosio: Okay. And I think that's everybody, unless there are any follow-up questions. No? All right. Rick, over to you to close us out.
Rick Smith: Okay. Well, again, thanks everybody for joining us and we look forward to updating you as we bring the year to a close next quarter. And I do want to close out by sharing a powerful moment that we shared with our customers at Accelerate where we missed having our investors this year. We celebrated their sacrifice these past few years through the pandemic and widespread social challenges so with that, let's share the moment. Please stay on, folks, don't run to your next call. Take a moment to share this with us. Your investments make this possible.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 18:00:00) =====
Rick Smith: All right. Great job on the video, Andrea. And folks, I'm giving for Andrea a heart-attack today; I was supposed to be safely in my home office connected to the internet, but I've been out all day, with most of the summer doing customer demos. I'm in the fleet three demo vehicle, and we had a bunch of great meetings today. In fact, we're going to do this live without a net, I am going to do a quick screen share and show you what we're seeing live from the fleet vehicle here; hang on a second. All right, so as you can see there, hey, Garrett wave; in the backseat, we have our prisoner transport area, that's Garrett Langley, the CEO of Flock Safety, an incredible partner of ours, they do -- they are all here with another customers. They've told us today about a number of crimes they've already solved, thanks to Flock cameras. And then we do the mobile; so it's [indiscernible] has been a great investment for us, and really brings powerful capability through partnership; you'll see on the upper left there is a wide angle camera, and then on the right is our high resolution 4K camera that we use for the license plate reading, gives us great resolution at closing speeds of upto 140 miles an hour. Yes, we've got our Product Manager here as well. I'll show you -- here is an example of a plate read; this is from -- just a sample list we use not from criminal data; so this is just a sample we did earlier today. And you'll see -- this will pop an alert; the officer can then check and make sure that it's got it correct, they can go in and they can do things like categorize their existing videos, whether it's the in-car body cameras, etcetera. It's a really intuitive simple user interface, and we're getting fantastic customer reviews. All right, so with that -- I have been traveling a lot seeing our customers which has been great. We've also been encouraged to see this summer at The National Conversation Ramp; policing is evolving to reflect what we've known all along, i.e. police reform and progress bars investment, and focused attention from our best and brightest minds. We're obviously pumped about our quarterly performance, and I couldn't be prouder of how our team is executing and it's translating into growth that we've sustained now over the last few years, and we intend to keep doing it. I'm also proud of our product development team. They have been working really hard as we've invested to build these transformative capabilities. In the fleet three, which I just demoed right here; we're able to bring artificial intelligence, to bring ALPR to every car. Within 90 days of launch, we've already been done deploying 550 vehicles at Pinellas County [ph], and to my awareness, I -- as far as I know, that's the largest ALPR in the country, and it's happening literally within weeks our product launch. And we're already late stage negotiations with another major city to deploy over 1,500 license plate readers, more than doubling what we're doing right now, tech analysis. So you all know, you know, you shouldn't text and drive; those who are doing this all the time they're typing in license plates while they're driving, or they've got to read it in over the radio. Fleet Street [ph] does that for them at a dramatically lower price point, allowing them to deploy this to every car making driving safer, and reducing crime. We've already had customers just in the first few weeks catching serious offenders and finding missing children. On another front our Axon evidence software continues to grow well beyond simply being a backend for our cameras. We want highly competitive digital evidence program in EMEA with an EMEA government encompassing the management of all digital evidence, independent of body camera programs; and this builds on to similar success we've had in Canada and paves the way for us to continue to lead with our software solutions. We feel really well positioned for the back half of the year and beyond as we see traction beyond core, U.S. municipal law enforcement moving into counties and state patrols, federal government and private enterprises. International revenue grew 60% in Q2 and international bookings, which are our forward looking indicator nearly tripled. So in some my part, at Axon, we're excited, we're leading the way in creating a work environment where employees can maximize their happiness and productivity. We offer remote hybrid options; you can work from the office, you can work from your home, you can work from your car; I'm showing you today even on the earnings call. So, we're focused on doing whatever it takes to get the best top tier talent, keep them focused, keep them rested, keep them happy, keep them energized, keep them creative and that's how you get great products and breakout capabilities. So our leadership is now supported by an exceptional workforce that is almost 2,000 people and that's what is going to help drive us to long-term profitable growth; this continuing to build and maintain and groom a fantastic team. And with that, let me turn over to the President of the Company, Luke Larson.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. The business is firing on all cylinders and we are focused on sustaining momentum. Operationally, we're doing really well, even in the face of global supply chain risk. The reality of the current macro situation is well documented, from geopolitical factors to semiconductor and resin shortages, to logistics, import stoppages are the continued impact of COVID. There's never been a more complex time to make electronics, we have risen to the challenge, and we monitor conditions daily and have put risk mitigation strategies in place that are supporting a rapid growth. While these headwinds persist, our teams are definitely navigating and effectively positioning the business to continue to meet our increasing demand pipeline. In fact, our teams are delivering Olympic level execution on behalf of all of our stakeholders, most notably our customers and our shareholders. Another area where you will see this is our teaser segment gross margins, which are up 500 basis points over last year, as we sell into strong demand; we have engineered costs out of our building materials, and the effects of that continued into this quarter. As you saw in our video and read in our letter, we are ecstatic about the fleet 3 launch and that it's shipping; and we're getting ecstatic reviews from our early customers, as Rick mentioned earlier. And we believe we're just getting started with virtual reality training, with booking nearing $8 million in the first six months, up less than $1 million in the first six months of last year. You've heard me talk about virtual reality on the last several earnings calls, and we're pleased of the demand that we're seeing, and that validates our excitement. We're looking forward to a strong back half of the year and continued momentum into 2022. And with that, let me turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jawad Ahsan.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. The results we're sharing with you today reflect the straightforward and consistent nature of our strategy, which is threefold; execute in the near term in a focused and disciplined way, identify and invest in future areas of growth, and then finally, reinvest the upside from our strong top line performance back into the business to accelerate that growth. We believe that the goals we're working towards are profound, and that our success will be measured by metrics such as the number of lives saved and the level of transparency in the justice system. This is why last quarter, we invited you to look at our business the same way that we look at it; with a long term view. It's why we move to giving two-year annual guidance, because we're thinking about in building the business for the long-term. As you saw in our shareholder letter; today, we are raising our outlook for both fiscal year's 2021 and 2022, which reflects our confidence in our growing global demand. We now expect to deliver between $825 million to $850 million in revenues in 2021, and $960 million in revenues in 2022. We're also pleased with how our investments are seeing traction on three fronts; in international sales channels with new products in a new non-municipal law enforcement markets. Rick highlighted the international strength; now, I'd like to touch upon the traction we're seeing in these latter two categories: new products and new markets. New product bookings are up more than 100% year-over-year. We like looking at bookings as if they forward looking indicator as Rick mentioned, and we typically signed contracts with an average five-year life. These products are largely fast centric and are helping drive our net dollar retention of 119%. They're the result of more recent R&D and include software products, such as records, in standards, respond, VR, citizen, performance, transcription, Axon Air and others. We're also expanding outside of law enforcement into new markets, including federal, enterprise security, consumer and fire & EMS. Bookings in these new markets doubled year-over-year and we see substantial runway for expansion. We focused a lot on financial discipline, which means balancing investing for growth while also demonstrating leverage. This is an area where we feel a strong sense of accountability. So I'm pleased to point out that Q2 adjusted EBITDA grew at 83% year-over-year, and we were able to do that while investing to scale into a broader global profile. Finally, I wanted to highlight that I'm not only proud of how the business is executing, but also of the corporate strategy capability that we've built, where we're partnering with and investing in other innovators and thought leaders in our space. Our recent partnerships and investments are reflective of our vision for the Axon brand to become synonymous with public safety. And equally important, allow us to leverage and expand our platform in a transformative way. To build a public safety ecosystem of the future, we're aligning with other innovators and technology disruptors. For example, our expanding ecosystem relationships with Celebrate and Rapid SOS were driven by our focus on customers and their growing needs for digital evidence management and real-time operations. Our strategic investments in companies, such as Flock Safety, have done well and even more importantly, supported our fleet three go-to-market by allowing us to bundle and co sell our solutions, which you can literally see on display today. Our partnership with Skydio makes their drones in autonomy software solutions available to agencies through AXON. It also paves the way for the integration of Skydio's offerings with AXON product suite, giving customers groundbreaking evidence management, real-time situational awareness, and scene reconstruction capabilities. We take our role as capital stewards very seriously and I'm thrilled to share these exciting updates that demonstrate how our investments are creating real value for the company, our customers, and our shareholders. With that, Andrea, let's move to questions.
Andrea James: Thank you, Jawad and team. Moderators, can we pull everybody into the gallery view, please? We're all in the gallery view, so everyone is on camera. Just remember that. We'll take our first question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan. You are up.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon and congratulations on the strong results. I just wanted to start out with some of the comments around supply chain and whether you're seeing any specific impact on product lines and what some of the mitigations, you mentioned, are that you've put into place around supply chain?
Rick Smith: Great question. Supply chain constraints are a reality for every manufacturer, as we all know. We're managing through it because a lot of intention internally, specifically for me and my teams that as we work to mitigate that risk. Some of the things that we've done to mitigate risk is we've bought out and we bought in advance and beefed up our supply chain and our guiding factors is in the reality. Even with the supply chain constraints, we still feel really strong about the guidance that we put out earlier.
Jonathan Ho: Got it. Then just in terms of a follow-up, can you give us a little bit more color on how you're reaching some of the newer markets, like federal enterprise and non-traditional customer types? Maybe if you can give us a sense of what could drive faster adoption in these markets? That'd be great as well, thank you.
Rick Smith: Thanks for the question, Jonathan, nice to see you again. For us, it's really about focusing on building the right teams to enter these markets and we've talked about in the past on our federal team as well as Mike Shore on our enterprise security team and a lot of folks around the business that are opening up new segments for us. It's really just putting in the work. There's no shortcut to that and we're building stronger relationships. We're identifying stakeholders early in the federal space, we're identifying opportunities within the budget cycles within congress to fund some future projects. I think the team is just executing really well across all of those fronts. So very, very excited for what the future holds for our newer markets.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Andrea James: Great. All of our analysts, we have you in our queue already. So, you're good. We were going to assume you're going to ask a question and if you're not, that's fine. Scott Bird from Needham. We'll have you up next. Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Bird: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a fantastic quarter. I guess lots of questions will set on one here international. You all highlighted international extensively in your prescriptive remarks. How should we think about that opportunity unfolding maybe from a product perspective over the next one to two years? TASER sales look good, camera sales generally look good. Are all of the markets facing big massive opportunities or is it really going to be led by one or the other over the near or intermediate term?
Rick Smith: I think there's opportunity across the across the globe, Scott. Three or four years ago, when we started really explaining how we're thinking of going to market, we focused on three individual markets UK, Australia, and Canada and all of those continue to perform really well. What we're seeing in those markets is there's wider adoption of our product line. So, body cams, TASERs, and new developments [indiscernible] without body cams, meaning managing other types of digital evidence that are not generated by body cameras. Of course, longer term, we're excited about things like -- in interview room and in records and so forth. So, in those tier-one markets, they continue to lead the way as we expand our product portfolio. Then there's growing opportunity in tier two and tier three markets just on TASERs and body cameras. The cloud is not a great fit everywhere across the world right now. So, in markets like that, we're really focusing more on the TASER side and building an install base that we can go back to later and sell body cameras in the cloud and it's working out. We're seeing TASER orders in very large volumes. We expect that to continue. It's not necessarily something that will happen every quarter, but every year for sure. We're really encouraged by just the growth in both in APAC, EMEA, and the Americas. So, very excited to see international continuing to grow. A lot of people put a lot of hard work into it and we have plenty of runway left in front of us.
Scott Bird: Awesome, if I might, as a quick follow-up to that, Josh, is Axon [ph] body cameras. What's the reception been like for the LTE connectivity on the AV Threes internationally? Obviously, the reception I think has been generally positive here, quite positive. We have the same opportunity to see sales there or just didn't know if their infrastructure is set up the same way as our [indiscernible]?
Josh Isner: Absolutely, it's got better than expected is the short answer to that one. We're seeing markets, but we do not necessarily think about our plan is, it's kind of our first candidates to deploy streaming technology. They're expressing a lot of desire to do so. So, our product team is just doing a fantastic job, trying to support as many vendor relationships as we can right now to make sure that we have a viable LTE partner in each market, whether it's an Asia, Europe, or South America. We're seeing demand across all of those markets. We're very excited. I'd like to call you one customer in the UK just signed our largest international Respond-Plus deal to date, which is our live streaming package. That happened in Q2 and we're very excited. There's a few more of those in the pipeline here.
Scott Bird: Great. I'll jump back into the queue. Congrats on a wonderful quarter again.
Andrea James: We'll take Mita Marshall from Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Mita. You are up.
Mita Marshall: Great, thanks. We echo my congratulations. You noted that you were doing your investments on the federal sales teams. I just wanted to get a sense of have you started to see the opportunities out of the DOJ? It is mandating of the camera policy or are those still things that we'll build in the pipeline as we go along? As you focus on the federal market, are there any unique software capabilities that you could develop for that market? Thanks
Rick Smith: Yes, absolutely. I appreciate the question. I think if this was a baseball game, we still feel like we're in the first inning here in federal. So, we have a lot of opportunity in front of us. We've completed some large framework contracts and we expect customers to now order against those frameworks. We're seeing the business grow across DOJ and DHS and other segments of federal. We keep building the team to more specifically approach the different opportunities within the federal government. Just in the federal civilian market, a lot of opportunity for both body cameras and TASERs. Then, longer term, certainly building products specifically for federal customers, including the military, is on our radar. So, a lot of growth ahead in federal and really believe in the team to keep delivering in that regard.
Mita Marshall: Great. Thanks.
Andrea James: Okay, we'll take question from Will Power at Baird. Go ahead, Will.
Will Power: Great. Thanks for taking the question. I guess I've got to ask Rick, since he's driving the car. We'd love to just to hear more about the early learnings on fleet three and ALPR, what do you think now in the vehicles? What are the early indications and comments you're getting from agencies and how do we think about the ramp of that product this year or next couple of years?
Rick Smith: Yes. So first thing I would say is, this is the first product that we've launched that was developed substantially through our new engineering leadership. Hans Moran's our head of engineering came on right before we launched AB3. He kind of picked that up right at the end and he's really brought in some very talented people on his team and they push pretty hard with me to get an additional six months before we took the product to market to really wring out any of the bugs, so we could go to market at quality and it’s scale. And you never want to jinx it by patting yourself on the back this early, but much more hear from customers is that they're really happy with not only the design, but that the system does seem to be pretty wrung out in terms of pretty reliable, and they're not seeing the types of bugs that they've seen in some of our prior launches. We had find that right balance between innovation and speed and quality and testing pre-launch, as we've gotten bigger, especially in each new market, when we're launching a new product and a new market, you may decide to move a little bit faster. But as you start to hit scale like in the TASER and now in the body cameras and fleet business, you've got to be ready to launch at higher volumes and really at higher quality. So, one of these about customers, they really like the fleet was designed clearly to be an in car camera whereas the previous two versions were really spin offs of our body camera hardware. The ALPR is working much better than people expected, I mean, I think we've had customers telling us they've put some of these side by side with their more traditional and much more expensive license plate reader systems, and we're kicking their butt right now, part of it's just the technology of having a color camera makes it we can do state recognition much easier, a lot of the infrared systems struggle with that. And so you'll get a lot of miss reads because you get the plate number right, but the state wrong or to be able to read things like temporary plates, which are the paper ones that are printed out on a laser printer, a traditional infrared system won't even see those, they don't exist because they don't have infrared reflective coatings on it. So, we've also been able to learn through our partnership with Flock, and we've got probably an 18-months headstart of doing these color AI based ALPR cameras. You know, we've invested in them, we've got a board observer seat, we've done integrations on the back end and we're sharing learning’s across so we can both help each other. And I would just say that we're seeing a higher tax rate than we even thought, we would say, and usually agencies didn't think of ALPR is something you put in every car, because of the price point historically it's been well we have our dedicated ALPR vehicles, we have a couple of them. But I think we're seeing pretty widespread like with [indiscernible], some of these other big customers flipping the switch and it's just a software upgrade to put ALPR in every car.
Will Power: That's great color, thank you. I just like to fit in one more question for whoever wants to take. I'd love just to hear an update on what kind of benefits you're seeing from some of the federal funding initiatives are designed to help state and local, is that something that's having a meaningful impact today, is most that still on the come from what do you see kind of the funding environment side?
Rick Smith: Yes, it's interesting. It's a great question. Well, like, you know, this time last year, the we're wondering, and we're getting a lot of questions about hey what is the shutdowns going to mean for municipal budgets moving forward, and we're very thankful that they didn't seem to have a very large impact and then you tack on some of the federal funding through the different acts including the CARES Act and it's given major cities the opportunity to potentially spend more on technology, I wouldn't say that it's so much of an outlier that it's worth noting though, we're really have the belief that we're able to prove that our products generate a real ROI for our customers and that they're costing themselves money by not deploying our products and so we're really confident that what we're building has real value and that will continue with or without federal support and we're really focused on just continuing to build out those business cases.
Will Power: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, next we'll go to Keith Housum at Northcoast. Go ahead, Keith.
Keith Housum: Thanks. I appreciate it. And congratulations for the quarter. Speaking of the quarter a little bit -- you know, the quarter was just [indiscernible]. Was there anything unusual like large core areas that will not be repeated for the rest of the year; it should be taken into consideration?
Rick Smith: We had some large CW activity internationally Keith, but I'd stopped short of saying that it was so heavy in Q2 that it wouldn't repeat itself in future quarters, we're very optimistic that the growth is going to continue and that we've got a very strong pipeline across both products in domestic and international. And so, we're really excited to get started in the second half year and continuing to grow.
Keith Housum: Okay, great. And then you just had a paragraph in the letter, you talk about [indiscernible] and properly on to a different various partner, you should consider that like a setback in the look on the dispatch, or just kind of planning in the evolution of the work you guys are doing more now. Can you provide some more context there?
Rick Smith: Yes, so I'll take that one. I would say organizationally it’s a setback, we never let our customers fail. And in this case, I think what we just learned together was we have both underestimated how much strain it was going to put on such a small agency. We need hours per week from their dispatchers to be spending with our software developers and then just having IT support to be able to deploy and train people on software updates, because it has been a moving target. And so this is one of those where I think we saw have great respect and great gratitude for Maricopa, they helped us learn a ton about dispatch and they're going to continue to be a customer along much of our product line, we'll see where it shakes out, they have told us at this point, they just need something that's more mature and stable, they just don't have the bandwidth to keep iterating with us. In some ways, there's a little bit of an accelerator for us in that we have a major say partner and a major county lined up behind them. And we're also learning the needs of some of these big, very high volume CAD installations are just different than they are in the smaller agencies and we think that's where the volume of the market is, and so on the bright side of this is allowing us to really focus in on refining and getting the product for scale of these bigger customers.
Keith Housum: It was Maricopa your only city or you did you have several other partners there?
Rick Smith: No, they were our first and our only partners, they are still running on it. They've just like I said let us know they're fatigued and they've asked us to support them through the transition and we have, and then we're preparing. We're moving towards deployment we expect next year of a major city and a major County.
Keith Housum: Great, thanks.
Rick Smith: Just to clarify there Keith, we do have several cities under contract for dispatch. We're just working with them one at a time here as we build the product. And so while Maricopa was the only one live, there are certainly many behind that that are already signed up and contracted.
Keith Housum: Thank you.
Operator: Okay, next, Mike Latimore from Northland. Go ahead, Mike.
Mike Latimore: Great. One north to the next north I guess here. You've talked in the past about growing cloud ARR $15 million [ph] a quarter; I guess that's still the goal and if so over the next couple of quarters, what would be the main driver of that growth?
Rick Smith: Mike, great question. That's very much the plan we're still anticipating about 15 million of growth per quarter this year. And when you look out at the investments that we've been making in all the new products that are launching, the majority of them are SaaS centric, software centric, and they're getting traction that's what we tried to highlight in our prepared remarks in our shareholder letter, we're getting traction across the board. It's not any one product per se. And it's the strength across the depth of products, the breadth and depth of products, it's going to keep driving that ARR, in the near term it's going to be about $15 million [ph] per year, and we're hoping that's going to accelerate.
Mike Latimore: Great, and then just on the supply chain shortages that are out there, you know, sort of absent those constraints, how much higher might the revenues be in terms of the guidance here.
Rick Smith: So we've already factored in the supply chain constraints, as Luke talked about, we spent a lot of time internally trying to mitigate those risks and making sure that it's not going to disrupt operations. And the guidance that we've given reflects any potential disruption we might see from supply chain.
Mike Latimore: I guess I was wondering if there's without the supply chain how much higher might have that been?
Rick Smith: Yes, what we've got to do is what we've got to do and then we're going to.
Andrea James: Yes, Mike. I would just say the guidance reflects a number of factors supply chains, one our demand pipelines another one that there's a number of factors that we take into account in the guidance.
Mike Latimore: Thanks.
Operator: Ryan Kimbrel, we've got you. Let's take our next question; Ryan Kimbrel from Craig-Hallum. I'm sorry, Ryan, it's our first time talking to you. Hi, welcome.
Ryan Kimbrel: Okay, right. Just one for me, I just wanted to touch on conversion rates. I'm not sure what detail you track conversion, but I'm wondering how that's trended over the last say year and a half and you know if you want to be more general and be started to convert more of those quality leads as your customers budget situation has become a little bit healthier?
Rick Smith: So, thanks for the question, Ryan. I think we're not going to disclose too much on conversion rates other than to say of whenever there's an opportunity for body cams, cloud, TASERs, dams, RMS or CAD, we expect to be competitive. It's a very, very competitive market. There's a lot of vendors in it. But we do our best to position our products in a way that the customer will value the most and certainly we expect to win, we want to win. We've got a competitive team and that's the tone we want to set.
Ryan Kimbrel: All right, fair enough. Thanks, guys. And congrats, again.
Andrea James: Okay, wondering if any of you guys have hopped back into the kill. So go ahead and use the hand race feature. Give me a second here. Now, are we good to go. Okay, great. We'll have Rick, close this out.
Rick Smith: All right. Thanks, everybody. It was pretty fun doing this from the fleet vehicle. It was not planned, but we were at a customer site and the customer wanted to keep going and I think it was the right call. So this was an unexpected benefit. We appreciate the new faces. We appreciate those who've been with us for a while. Obviously, the business is really doing well and we're excited to see what happens in the back half of the years, Josh and his team continue to go out and bring in the revenue and our development teams keep launching products, and the new products are scaling. There's a lot of great stuff going on, lot of positive energy. And we'll look forward to seeing you all on our next quarterly zoom. So everybody stay safe. And let's get this delta variant behind us to get back to normal and we can. Thanks, everybody.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-06 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: Hello everyone, and welcome to our First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Webinar. I’m Andrea James, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Today, we have with us CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner; and Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. I hope you’ve all had a chance to read our very robust shareholder letter, which we released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. Our remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that robust letter. At the end of this call, we’ll play our quarterly earnings video. That’s our first time doing it on the earnings call, and you’re welcome to stay for that. If for some reason, we lose connectivity, we’ll endeavor to post a copy of our prepared remarks to investor.axon.com. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today, they are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. Okay. Now, turning it over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea, and hello, everyone. As you can see from the shareholder letter, we’ve had an exceptional start to the year. Our teams have remained heads down, executing on our mission and driving growth across all of our products and markets. I couldn’t be more proud of what we’ve built of Axon’s position as a true change agent and ultimately and most exciting, where we’re heading. We’ve always been passionate about innovation, and the inherent drive continues to propel our business forward. Today, I’d like to address current events, public and personal that are relevant to our business. First, recent current events, including last year’s death of George Floyd and the events that followed, forced our nation to reflect upon the values we hold true for all Americans. Axon is and will remain committed to creating technologies that save lives, increase transparency and help communities and public safety agencies who serve them, achieve a higher quality of life to ensure everyone makes it home safe. Customers and increasingly communities, see us as a key thought leader and key partner in the global drive to transform public safety. We hear stories daily about customers using our products to save lives and protect their communities. And we believe our problem-solving approach to these major challenges will continue to drive our growth. Two years ago when I published my book, The End of Killing, it was a radical idea that we can actually make the bullet obsolete and create less lethal weapons that could become the primary use of force and eventually displace lethal weapons. Customers were far more receptive to this idea than I could have anticipated. And in light of the events of the past 12 months, we are here pleased from our public safety customers and the broader community that they cannot wait until the deadline I had set at the end of this decade for us to achieve the goal of surpassing the sidearm and effectiveness. Our teams are working extremely hard to bring in the date for the next-generation of TASER weapons, which I believe will be the largest single leaping capability in the history of less lethal weapons. Customers have even begun signing 10-year programs with us to enable seamless upgrades, and we worked with them to create programs that will even allow them early upgrades when the next-generation launches. Now, to set expectation, the next-generation of TASER is a couple of years out due to the intense testing a ground-up new design requires, as well as the full production automation and scaling. But, I wanted to talk about the issue head on, given the growing intense public interest and to help our investors understand why you might be seeing this dynamic behind 10-year program? Second, on a personal note, the passing of my father, Phil Smith, our founding Chairman, last month, was a monumental loss. He was instrumental in helping to get TASER off the ground in its early days, and our Company would not exist without it. His final 24 hours were an amazing capstone to an incredible life. His mission lives on among all of us at Axon, and I will miss calling him after the call today to discuss the results. As we look to the future, Axon can be a huge force for progress through our vision of obsoleting the bullet, reducing social conflict, enabling a fair and effective justice system and building for racial equity, diversity and inclusion. Luke and Jawad will now take you through some more highlights of our business.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. As stated in our shareholder letter, which we’ve got a ton of positive feedback on, shout out to our IR team, our teams are executing on our 2021 strategic priorities to grow our core, scale new products, unlock new markets and drive efficiency to fuel growth. We believe Axon has been at the forefront of change. But the past year, we’ve been put in the center of truly unprecedented events that inspired our teams to show up in many new ways. Our body cameras are capturing the most critical events in the world. We’re proud of that. And it’s a responsibility we take very seriously. During the civil unrest in the Capitol on January 6, for instance, DC Metropolitan Police and the Montgomery County Police who are Axon Body customers were called in for backup and the Justice Department has released Axon Body camera videos related to that incident. Axon Body cameras are also providing critical evidence in many of the current events that we’re all familiar with. Just last week, NPR published a story about a team of public safety experts and world economists that says body-worn cameras are both, beneficial and cost-effective. The University of Chicago Crime Lab and the Council on Criminal Justice Task Force on Policing, released a report and stated the key benefit of body-worn cameras is the reduced use of police force. For example, among the police department study, they saw complaints against police dropped 17%, and this is really the compelling statistic is that use of force by police during fatal and nonfatal encounters fell by nearly 10%. Professor Jens Ludwig, Head of the Crime Lab, says, if you’re a local government looking at adopting the cost from your narrow green eyeshade bottom line, the technology probably pays for itself and the benefits to the public are a huge win and easily outweigh the cost. Our focus as a management team is to invest in growth, so that we can continue delivering technologies to protect life and truce. In February, we outlined the capital investments we’re making this year, including the TASER manufacturing, we have a great update to share on that front as you see in our shareholder letter. These investments are growing the TASER manufacturing capacity and driving gross margin expansion. This positions us to meet growing TASER demand globally and in our federal sector. So far this year, TASER device manufacturing and supply chain improvements are on track to deliver more than $4 million in gross cost savings in 2021. We are also excited about the momentum that we are seeing in our Software and Sensors segment. Later this year, we expect to launch our third-generation fleet solution. This is our dashboard cam solution, which features AI powered, automatic license plate recognition, known in the industry as ALPR. Demand for this premium fleet bundle, which includes ALPR software add-on and the live streaming off of our cameras is exceeding our expectations by a healthy margin, and you can read more about this in detail in our shareholder letter. We are also seeing growing adoption in the usage of LTE-enabled live streaming off of the body cameras and remote evidence uploads. And in the coming weeks, we expect to transition the Baltimore Police Department to our record solution, and the training and feedback has been going very well. Finally, we’re transforming how agencies train their officers by addressing the inefficiencies around the classroom, role-playing and simulator training. By leveraging VR, we are addressing their two biggest issues, budget and time. In the coming days, we have an exciting product launch that we can’t wait to tell you more about. We just did a sneak peak of our big VR announcement yesterday with TASER’s training advisory board, and it was very well received. We have a lot to be excited about in 2021 and beyond. Now, I’ll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. As our teams continue to execute at an extremely high level, we’re able to confidently invest in our future. Our strong balance sheet also gives us the flexibility to drive growth broadly across products, markets and geographies. We’ve recently made three strategic investments in Flock Safety, RapidSOS and Cellebrite, as well as expanded our strategic partnerships. These were carefully crafted moves that allow us to extend our platform as we aim to build the public safety ecosystem of the future. In Q1, we invested $20 million in RapidSOS and more recently completed a strategic partnership. When people dial 911, lives are literally in the balance when the call center doesn’t know where they are. RapidSOS is a leader in solving this problem. For example, if you call 911 today, using your iPhone, in the vast majority of U.S. jurisdictions, Apple will send your location to public safety via RapidSOS. Now, the location and live streams of Axon Body cameras and Axon Fleet cameras can be integrated into the RapidSOS platform, and RapidSOS data can be integrated into our new Axon Respond dispatching platform. Another recent investment in strategic partnership includes a $90 million participation in a PIPE transaction in connection with Cellebrite going public by a SPAC IPO. Cellebrite is the market leader in digital intelligence. Their software complements our lead in digital evidence management, and they share our strong emphasis on safeguards to protect privacy. We are consistently hearing great feedback from our customers in common with Cellebrite, and the company has been delivering compelling results. This partnership will make Evidence.com even more valuable for our customers. From an M&A perspective, as you can see, we’re taking a deliberate approach to how we partner and deploy our capital. You can expect to see us continue to be opportunistic and make strategic moves that strengthen and extend our platform. To be clear, we will be highly selective. Our continued strong execution allows us to make these types of investments and keep our strategic focus on investing for growth. However, it’s really the fact that we always lead with our mission to protect life, truce in the communities we serve that has us taking a long-term view on our business. As we work towards goals such as obsoleting the bullet, we are measuring our progress over a longer term horizon. In fact, we’d like to invite you to think about our business the way that we do in terms of years and not quarters. This is why today, we are introducing two-year revenue guidance for both, 2021 and 2022. For 2021, we are raising our revenue guidance by $40 million at the midpoint to $800 million. In 2022, our early view of the year anticipates that we will deliver approximately $920 million in revenue. The combination of positive underlying demand trends and our strategic growth and expansion initiatives gives us tremendous confidence in our longer term outlook. We’ve been making investments in several new geographies outside of the U.S. and many of these investments are starting to yield results. The nature of the international market is such that the deals are often for larger regions or entire nations. The larger and more complex nature of these deals makes their timing difficult to forecast and thus, growth is not as linear as we might expect in the U.S. We, therefore, expect the phasing of revenue from international deals to contribute to variability in our quarterly revenue, a trend we expect to continue for the foreseeable future. This is why we’re anchoring on annual revenue guidance. We don’t want the timing of large international deals to signal anything about the underlying growth rate of our business. We are laser-focused on building a business that will sustainably grow at a 20%-plus CAGR. I want to reiterate that we are committed to continuing to execute and invest with rigor and discipline. As such, and given our strength and outlook for the year, we’re raising our adjusted EBITDA guidance for 2021 by $12.5 million at the midpoint. We’re also maintaining our long-term target adjusted EBITDA margin of 30%, while continuing to invest for growth. I’d like to close by highlighting another aspect of Axon that I’m particularly proud of. How diversified we’ve become. We sell hardware and software, solutions and services, products and training. We’ve diversified geographically as well as to the types of customers we sell to. Revenues from our market-leading tailored devices and body cameras remain on a strong growth trajectory, while our ARR has now surpassed $240 million and is expected to grow approximately $15 million per quarter. I’ve never felt better about how Axon is positioned for growth, and I’m looking forward to seeing how our team continues to deliver. And with that, Andrea, let’s move to questions.
A - Andrea James: Thanks, Jawad and team. I just want to check with our moderators that we can bring everybody up into the gallery view. And given me a nod when we are up in gallery view. Okay. We are up in gallery review. And analysts, we’ve got you all in our queue. So, no need to use the hand raise feature. And just let us know if you have a follow-up. We’ll take our first question from Keith Housum at Northcoast.
Rick Smith: That’s my move, Keith. You’re on mute. I got a patent on that.
Keith Housum: All right. How are we doing now? All right. Thanks guys. Congratulations on a great quarter, and I appreciate the guidance going forward. Rick, it looks like now two quarters in a row, fantastic TASER sales with growth. Perhaps you can provide a little bit more color on what you think some of the drivers are. How are you guys achieving this TASER growth the past few quarters? And I guess, previous quarter [indiscernible] type of growth?
Rick Smith: Yes. I’ll touch on it. And then, Josh, I’ll hand it off to you. I would say, there’s really a shifting focus. 10 years ago, the focus with TASER, there was a lot of focus on sort of the medical safety of the devices. I think, we’ve come out of that, where now there’s really an intense focus on effectiveness. And in my book, where I talked about, I’m very transparent. We are not yet reliable enough to be a substitute for lethal force, but we’re heading that direction. We made a big step with TASER 7, and we’ll make an even bigger step on our next launch. And I think our customers are pretty excited, and we’re just seeing a lot of TASER 7 adoption that has really kind of picked up. We’re also seeing, I think, broader international adoption. There’s -- we’re getting -- I see orders coming in our daily reports, and I got to go look at the map to see where some of these countries are that a few years ago, weren’t even on our radar, and now we’re getting much broader coverage. And with that, Josh, let me hand over to you.
Josh Isner: Yes. Thank you, Rick. Ultimately, I think it’s just a continued story of a lot of investments in the channel that we’ve made over the years are starting to pay off. As Jawad said, we’re diversifying, state and local law enforcement is absolutely a big part of that growth story, but so is international, so is federal, so is corrections. And so, we’ve got a lot of talented people doing a lot of great work right now. And we’ll continue to invest in white space in the channel to make sure those results continue to grow in the out years.
Keith Housum: Okay, great. And then, just if I could, my follow-up, I’ve got a guy ask a question about the supply chain issues that’s happening really across all technologies these days. I guess, where in your portfolio of products, I guess, do you have any pinch points with supply chain? And are the issues getting worse here as we’re going into the second quarter?
Jeff Kunins: Yes. Great question, Keith. I’ll fill that. So, our supply chain and ops team is led by a phenomenal guy, named Josh Goldman. And over the last year, we’ve really put buffers in place to ensure that we can meet the quarterly demand, as well as forecast out critical components. And I’ve just got to give the team a lot of credit to have navigated the last 12 months, and we’re keeping that same strategy looking forward. And as of today, we feel really good about it.
Andrea James: Thanks, Keith. We’ll take our next question from Will Power at Baird.
Will Power: Great, okay. Thanks for taking the question. Rick, first, sorry for your loss.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Will. On the positive side, I hope to die the way he did. It was actually as positive and uplifting as such a thing could be.
Will Power: Okay. That’s good. Well, congratulations on the results. Obviously, really strong across the board. I guess, maybe broadly looking at the opportunities in the U.S. in the spending habits. What are you seeing in terms of municipal budgets, any headwinds on that front? And to what degree are some of the federal aid plans helping?
Rick Smith: Josh?
Josh Isner: Absolutely. So, I think, about this time last year, there were a lot of questions about how that would materialize, and we’re still very happy to say it really hasn’t in a meaningful way. And in fact, a lot of the federal conveyed packages have provided additional funding to state and local. At first, it was mainly the large cities, but in the latest grant package, it was for small and midsized cities as well. So, we don’t see any kind of systematic challenges across municipal funding that make it any more or less worried some than in the past. We think it’s in front of us, and we provide the right products that our customers value. We really believe that they’ll be able to find funding to buy them.
Will Power: Okay. That’s great. And if I could sneak in just one. Really nice to see some of the early Fleet 3 indicators. I’m wondering if you could just provide any more color as to what’s kind of helping set you apart in the market? Any issues potentially on the supply side in terms of meeting that demand? Just any more background there would be great.
Rick Smith: I’m sorry, what was it? I couldn’t hear what product are you referring to, Will?
Jeff Kunins: Fleet.
Josh Isner: Fleet. Why don’t I take the first stab and then pass it to Jeff. So, one thing that I talked about that we’re really excited about is just the attach rate to the ALPR. And this is one where I think the customers are saying, hey, I can go with one solution with Axon and get these two critical benefits. It also is a great story around how we’re able to provide not only the hardware but also the software and advanced software that the customers are willing to pay for it. Go ahead, Jeff.
Jeff Kunins: Yes. Just continuing on that. First and foremost, on the camera system itself, we’re really proud and looking forward to shipping it to customers that is overwhelmingly our best camera system ever for the car. And we’ve -- just on those merits alone, that drives a lot of the demand that we’re seeing. And then, as we’ve alluded to, one of the things that is Axon’s greatest strength is how we combine these devices with the power of intelligent cloud services. And so, both, with our Respond live streaming connected and as well as our Vievu disruptively affordable and ethically designed from the ground up approach to ALPR really creates, for the first time, the ability for an agency to afford for the same budgets they’re used to spending to put ALPR capability in every single vehicle. And so, you put all that together at an attractive overall price. And again, we still have -- we look forward to shipping it later this year and seeing how customers love it.
Rick Smith: I’ve got to add one more thing. And maybe we’re too transparent sometimes. But with Fleet 1 and 2, we’re scrapping, we have to get to market fast. The hardware was not our strength in those products. And we still got to, I think, the top end of the suppliers in the market. Fleet 3, now we’re bringing our a game. This is the first camera where the hardware has been designed from the ground up for this use case. Previously, we did take our body cameras and then refactor them to the car. And we learned a ton by doing that. But, I’m really pumped to see what’s going to happen because what we’re bringing on now has been purpose-built over a multiyear period by some really talented and awesome folks. So, I’m excited to see how it performs in the market.
Andrea James: All right. Thanks. Well, we love the families here at Axon. We’ll take our next question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: I wanted to just start out with the two-year guidance. Just given the lumpiness that you’re seeing in some of these international deals and the longer sales cycles, I guess, can you talk a little bit about how you’re building that long run above forecast? And what maybe gives you the confidence to be able to offer a two-year view this early?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. I’d like to start with that, and would love to hear Josh’s input as well. So, there are a couple of factors, Jonathan. The first one is, look, quite frankly, the business is rocking and rolling. We’ve got -- you’ve heard us allude to it. We’ve collected a pretty fantastic collection of talent in all of our functions, and they are executing crisply and reliably. And I have a tremendous amount of confidence in them. The pipeline that we’ve built, I feel like we’ve got a very high likelihood that we’re going to execute on that to such a degree that I feel confident going out two years on our guidance. The second factor is -- and we’ve also alluded to this, is that these international deals, it makes it difficult for us to give quarter-to-quarter guidance. It’s better for us to think in terms of years. Because they’re larger, they’re more complex, there’s so many more factors involved, financial, operational, regulatory, political. And really, we think about the business in terms of years. And what we’re working towards is to build a business that will sustainably grow at a 20%-plus CAGR year-over-year.
Josh Isner: And then, lastly, I would just add, one of the benefits of really focusing on bookings as a forward-looking indicator of our results. Our bookings continue to grow year in and year out. And we saw that last year. We’re seeing it this year as well. And we’re very excited about what that means for the future. So, we certainly do between bringing on more and more enterprise sales talent that gets better and better at forecasting, combining that with having growing bookings year-over-year, it gives us a lot of confidence that we’re going to keep growing.
Jonathan Ho: Got it. Can you also maybe give us a little bit more color in terms of the traction that you’re seeing relative to the RMS and CAD solutions, specifically your software suite? And maybe how that’s sort of contributing to net retention and some of the expansionary metrics there as well? Thank you.
Josh Isner: Certainly. We’re really excited. We’re seeing customers that have had a lot of confidence in us historically willing to partner with us more on our newer offerings. When we go into police departments, one of the questions we always ask is, what’s the best piece of functioning software you deploy today? And oftentimes we hear it’s Evidence.com. And that inspires a lot of confidence from our customers that the next piece of enterprise software we deliver is going to be equally good or better. And so, right now, we have to be very careful in terms of making sure that we set the right expectations. We bring on the right customers for us early on, and we make those customers really successful. And that’s what we’re focused on right now. And we believe just like we have in every category that we’ve entered, we turn those early evangelists into a growing market over the years to come, and we have a lot of confidence we’re going to do that in our records and dispatch as well.
Andrea James: Thanks, Jonathan. We’ll take our next question from Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. Go ahead, Jeremy.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks. And congratulations on the strong results, and also as well my thoughts on your family. I wanted to actually ask about Cellebrite. And thinking about the investments that you’ve made in that business, what is the likelihood that with the rapid growth that they’re seeing that you’re going to have additional investments made in that business down the road? How much more integrated can you potentially see these businesses becoming?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. I’ll start. So, Cellebrite is a company that we’ve been admiring from a far for some time now. We had a chance to build a relationship with them prior to the SPAC deal coming on our radar. It’s someone we really admired. As we talk about, they’re a leader in digital intelligence. We think it’s a very natural extension of our lead in digital evidence management. And this is a long-term play. We really view our partnership with them as strategically important to Axon. And we’ll evaluate the opportunity to invest more or something beyond that going forward. But, at this point, we feel really good about where we’re at.
Luke Larson: I think, I would just add to that. Just as Jawad talked about earlier, you can see that pattern in all of these very judicious investments we’ve made so far. So, between Flock Safety and then RapidSOS and then now with Cellebrite, all of them are -- yes, they’re a financial investments, but they’re very purposefully chosen to be a match for places where customers win as we do interesting things together commercially as well. And the investment is an accelerant to what we would otherwise want to naturally do as great partners.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. And then, I also wanted to just ask about your annual recurring revenue, you’ve had very steady pace on this. It’s roughly $20 million a quarter that you’re adding on. As the Company gets bigger and bigger, what would potentially drive deviation to the upside from that $20 million a quarter? Is it just perhaps just gaining significant traction in RMS? Is that going to be the big driver? But, how do we potentially step up from that level from here?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So, one of the things that Josh alluded to is for us, the leading indicator is really bookings. And we’re right now, just like we’ve made investments in new international markets, we’re also making investments in these new product categories, like records and dispatch. And we’re in the very early innings. We’re building a product that we’re very proud of. And we think it’s going to be a market leader. And so, the leading indicator for us is going to be bookings. As those bookings come in, we think that will just continue to add that will end up translating into ARR.
Andrea James: Jeremy, I just wanted to piggyback, just real quick just to make sure your numbers on that one. We’re very proud of the rate that we’re adding ARR, but it’s been -- the average over the last year has been closer to $15 million a quarter. And that’s what Jawad, the number he referenced in his script as well. We’ll take our next question from John Godin [ph] at Needham. Go ahead, John.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, guys. I appreciate you taking my questions. Congrats on the nice quarter. I have a question around the VR products. Obviously, given a lot of the social unrest, how have you seen demand trends early on for that? And thinking from a high level, given looking out two or three years, how do you see that product kind of growing and coming to market? And then, maybe also where you think that you fit in competitively? Thanks.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. Why don’t I start with that and then have Josh follow-up. So, the demand that we’ve seen for VR, I would say, is nearly unprecedented, where customers are coming to us. We’re explaining what our existing offering is with community agent scenarios, some of the future ideas that we’re developing. And we’ve seen a really, really healthy pipeline from all sized agencies, a lot of geographical distribution. So, we feel like this is one where there’s a lot of demand.
Josh Isner: Yes. I think that’s right. I just want to be clear though. I’m very cautious to attribute that to really anything except we’re addressing a need that has existed for the last 20 years, it will exist in the next 20 years. And there aren’t -- we can’t control kind of year-to-year what the narrative is in the public or what’s going on externally. So, for us, it’s about building products that we think better and make our customers more effective and safer at their jobs, make communities safer. And we think VR is of that category. And we’re super excited about this one. We see a lot of demand in the market. We see a lot of alignment with our mission long term. And this is one that -- it’s a new category that we’re really proud to be participating in. And we’ve got a team that’s very focused and excited about scaling it over the next several years.
Andrea James: We’ll take our next question from Erik Lapinski at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Erik.
Erik Lapinski: Maybe going back to the Baltimore rollout of records. And just wondering as you’re working through that, like what’s the level of customization that a larger police department would be pushing forward with that? Like, is the product modular enough that you can kind of work around what they might want? I guess, just wondering like how that process goes and if it has altered the development path in any way from making it more customizable?
Rick Smith: Sure. No, great question. Inherently, not only for us but for everyone playing in any of these large complex enterprise software plays inside and outside of public safety, there is that advance. And I think for us, it was clear as we continue to go forward that we are really excited about that we’re building the right pieces in the right order, as we keep building up the product and winning and working to delight our early customers. And as Josh said earlier today and as you’ve heard me say on the last couple of calls, this is a multiyear journey for us, and we are determined in our path to ultimately become number one in these categories, but we also have evolutions it takes time. And it’s one piece of our overall path of our sensors and software contributing more and more the full portfolio of scenarios that our customers need to be successful every day. So, we feel great about that rollout and about what -- what Baltimore’s needs, and each of our early customers’ needs are, apply all of the additional customers as we keep going.
Andrea James: And we just got some feedback from the outside that Erik’s question and John’s maybe not that well heard. So, John Godin [ph] had asked about virtual reality, training. And Erik had asked about the level of customization required for Baltimore PD.
Erik Lapinski: If I can ask 1 more, too, just on international traction in bookings there. Is that primarily TASER right now, or are you also seeing it picking up with the body cam side? I think, the last time we’ve asked on that, it was kind of TASER was really leading some of the international expansion, but wondering if body cam has followed?
Andrea James: And the question is about what products -- just real quick, Josh. The question is about what products are driving our international bookings. Thanks, Josh. Go ahead.
Josh Isner: Yes. Sorry about that. Absolutely. I think it’s a great question. The good news is, we’re seeing both. It depends on the market. Some markets, we lead with TASER. And then, we grow those into body cam customers in other markets and customers were leading with body cams and even [Technical Difficulty] without body cameras, which is a growing segment for us in international, where large customers, and we expect to see a couple of these in the next couple of quarters, buy software-only packages from us in high volumes. So we’re particularly excited about that new trend that we’re seeing. And so, we feel like we’re really, really well positioned, just like in the United States, where we started with one product and have diversified and grown customers into adopting several of our products. We’re seeing that same thing starting to happen in international.
Andrea James: Thanks, Erik. Do any of our analysts have any follow-up questions? No? Okay. Well, thanks, guys, so much for joining us. We’re going to have Rick close us out.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. Hey, before you leave, if you have time to stick around, we’re going to play our quarterly earnings video. So, thanks for joining. We look forward to updating you throughout the year. We’ll drop off after this video. And the webcast will be posted to investor.axon.com. Roll video.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: Hello, everyone. Welcome to Axon's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Webinar. I'm Andrea James, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. This is actually our fourth quarterly earnings over Zoom, so its great to see faces again. Today, we have Axon CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner and Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. First we're going to give prepared remarks and then we'll bring all of our analysts up into gallery view for Q&A. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. Our remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that robust letter. If for some reason we lose Internet or Zoom connectivity we'll make every effort to post a copy of our prepared remarks to investor.axon.com.  During this call we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed further in our SEC filings.  Finally we really encourage you all to look at our updated ESG and corporate social responsibility report, which we published today in conjunction with our earnings. We are increasingly conscious of our social and corporate responsibility as our company and our shareholder base grows and we're pleased to share this comprehensive report with you.  Angel Ambrosio whom you're familiar with on this call is our Senior Manager of Investor Relations and ESG and we welcome you to reach out to us on this topic if that's interesting to you.  Okay go ahead, Rick. 
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. Hi everybody. I want to start by talking about 2020. The conventional narrative is that 2020 was a terrible year.  I'd like to offer a different perspective. Challenging times bring out the best in humanity. These are the times that inspire us to rise up to overcome to stretch ourselves. The hardest times become our finest hours. If we choose to focus on the negative there was plenty to see in 2020.  But if we look harder we can see so many signs of hope and progress supercharged by a global play, nations sprung into the kind of arms race we should want to see competing ferociously to cure a pandemic and we all know the results. Multiple vaccines developed 10 times faster than ever before. We adapted to a world where travel was simply off the table. So we virtualized ourselves and we learned to zoom around the world for business. And we got to see our kids for dinner every night.  My customer engagement has jumped more than tenfold as customers are now open to video conferencing. And we've enjoyed seeing you our analysts and our investor community face-to-face in our new quarterly conference Zoom calls. I don't mean to minimize the pain we all experienced in 2020. I understand and I shared it. My mother passed away days before Christmas after contracting COVID. But even in that's sorrow came progress as we came together and we healed some fractured relationships within our own family.  I would not have chosen for 2020 to turn out as it did, but as we've said before we don't get to choose what the world throws at us, but we can choose how we respond. The urgency resulting from the intent social strike in 2020 is accelerating the world's readiness to move beyond bullets to a world where telling each other is no longer something we simply accept is some immutable facet of human society.  It is supercharged our energy as we redouble our efforts to deliver TASER energy weapons that will outperform a traditional side arm before this decade is out. And our customers are embracing this goal. They have told us that the bar will be very high, but I'm confident our team will deliver.  2020 was also a year where Axon delivered incredible value to our customers and the communities they serve. As you can see, you can see it in our results. We knew that adversity would present opportunities for those individuals and those organizations that are nimble and adaptable just as ice ages create breakout opportunities for adaptable species to explosively grow in thereafter.  In the weeks following the arrival of COVID in North America, we transformed our offices into adjunct manufacturing spaces allowing us to spread out, create social distance and continue to deliver exceptional results that far anteed our most optimistic expectations. We didn't just deliver on our operational goals, we significantly outperformed them. I'm personally humbled by our team's ability to deliver exceptional results in a year filled with so much turmoil and adversity. We exceeded our goals and exited 2020 better position than we've ever been before from an operational, strategic and financial perspective. Here's a few highlights. We inked our first two programs of record with the federal government, including a $13 million US customs and border protection order for body cameras and digital evidence management. In the fourth quarter, we signed our largest TASER contract in company history, a $20 million order for TASER 7 from an international customer, eclipsing our record $15.5 million TASER order from the Department of Homeland Security in the prior quarter. In 2020, we passed $1 billion in total bookings with the majority of that coming from our core market of state and local public safety. In 2020, we also delivered the largest single contract deal in company history, a $46 million officer safety plan with one of our major city customers. On the product side, we launched Auto-Transcribe deployed customers on both respond and in records debuted unique new capabilities like priority ranked video audit and countless found software and device firmware improvements. At Axon, we are continuing to look forward. We had a recent executive planning session where we asked ourselves, where do we want to be at the end of this decade. And our answer was simple. Our vision is to be globally synonymous with our mission of protecting life by building the world's largest and most trusted network of safety devices and services. What an amazing opportunity to be part of such a talented team with such an aspirational mission. I'd like to conclude by telling you what I’m hearing from our customers today. Making us as a key partner to transforming public safety, we hear stories daily about customers using our products to save lives and to protect communities. Our Net Promoter Scores are hitting new highs. And our customers are actively and enthusiastically supporting our mission to make the bullet obsolete so that officers will no longer have to make the most terrible choices. We know that we're welcoming a lot of new shareholders onto our growth journey. So thank you for joining us for taking an interest. And with that, I'd like to turn over the call to our President, Luke Larson. 
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. As 2020 showed us a lot that happens in this world is outside of our control. Against that backdrop Axon employees really showed up engage their best in the areas that matter the most. I want to give an emphatic thanks to all of our employees. Thank you. At Axon, we've built an amazing team and that talent is a huge asset and competitive advantage that doesn't show up on the balance sheet. Our team is laser-focused on a clear mission inspired by our purpose and leaning in with an owner's mindset with a maniacal focus on delivering value for our customers. In 2020, we focus on our commitment to the mission to our customers and the caring for the health and safety of our employees. In 2020, Axon was able to outperform in a difficult year, because we built a phenomenal team. Looking to the future our company has the talent, infrastructure and capabilities to manage challenging environments and thrive. The company earned this position over three decades by taking risks, making bold decisions, investing hundreds of millions of dollars in research and development, countless hours of engineering, tens of thousands of hours of customer meetings, and most importantly, maintaining an unfaltering commitment to our mission. As we look to 2021, we have four key objectives: one, grow the core; two, scale new products; three, unlock new markets; and four, drive efficiency to fuel growth. We're also taking care of the amazing team that we've built. Our employees' health and growth remains a top priority. We recently added Ginger, a Mental Health app providing 24/7 support to our employees as well as rolled out Linkedin Learning to the entire company. In 2021, we will continue to look for ways to support our working parents and caregivers. In 2021 and we'll continue to invest in our people, products and sales channels helping individuals level up, aim higher and push harder to make our mission a reality. I'll close out by talking about one of the areas of added investment, which allows us to go after a $2 billion total addressable market and that is our investment in virtual reality training. As a former military officer, I saw how the DODs near unlimited budget can create amazing training like markdowns filled with thousands of Arabic speaking actors, huge multi group training, as well as unmatched simulator training with pilot used for flight training. In law enforcement though, they don't have the luxury of these enormous budgets or the benefit of having the majority of their time available to train. With virtual reality, we can leverage the best-in-class instructors and training to create scenarios that can be used across hundreds of thousands of officers bringing the cost down to a very economical price that can democratize training and action is poised to be a leader in creating this new category just like we've done with the TASER devices, our Axon Body cameras, our digital – system Evidence.com. And we're going to do it again with the virtual reality training. In 2021, we intend to transform how agencies train our officers by addressing the inefficiencies around the classroom, full playing and simulator train and by leveraging VR, we can address their two biggest issues, budget and time. We'll accomplish this through three assets: First, we have an exciting product launch that we can't say more on but it is coming soon; second, we intend to regularly release new training modules; and third, we are doubling down on our community engagement training preform. We're seeing encouraging signs on demand for this product and we're excited about where it can go. Earlier I talked about the amazing team and culture we've built at Axon. Before I hand it over to our CFO, Jawad Ahsan, you want to learn more about that culture. I recommend you check out his book What They Didn't Tell Me, you can get it on Amazon. So with that let me turn it over to our CFO, Jawad Ahsan. 
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. I want to start by talking about the number 28. I'm now referring to the number of days in this month, but rather three important milestones we hit as a company this quarter. We delivered 28% growth on revenue over 2019. 28% compound annual growth in revenue over the last five years and we finished the year with 28% in adjusted EBITDA margins. Now before I dive deeper into these, I want to talk about something else, the perception of our two business segments. We've discussed with you at great length, the investments we've been making in our pivot to a tech-enabled solutions company. The perception of our software and Sensors segment is best described by letting the numbers speak for themselves. Year-over-year, total revenues in this segment grew 26% and our ARR grew 37%. When I joined Axon in 2017 and our stock price was at $22, many investors told me that they viewed our stock as appropriately valuing our TASER device business with a free option on a high-growth software business. I think it's safe to say that we're now seeing some value in our stock price for our software business. But what about that TASER devices segment, the one that's been around since 1993? Was there maybe a perception that its best days are behind it? If so, we shattered that perception with our 2020 results. Our TASER Weapons segment grew revenues 30% year-over-year, outpacing even our fast-growing software and sensors segment. We're very proud of the TASER energy devices that we've built. And believe that there's still a large base of untapped customers who have yet to adopt. So the 28% revenue growth over 2019 was really fueled by strength across the board in body-worn cameras and software and especially in TASER devices. We feel that this validates our strategy to invest aggressively in both R&D and channel expansion. R&D to stay ahead of the innovation curve in all of our product segments and channel investments that will unlock new markets and new geographies. We're going to run this play again in 2021. When we look back over the past five years and the 28% CAGR on revenue, that's also the result of investments we've been making along similar lines. As we look ahead to the next five years, we're very excited by the next wave of new products and technologies that are going to become an important part of our growth story in their own right. Technologies like VR, which Luke just talked about earlier and we feel can have a transformative impact on the critical area of training for law enforcement. Technologies like Axon Respond in our live streaming platform. What's particularly exciting with this one is the interest we're seeing outside of our core law enforcement market. For example, coronavirus in the vaccine rollout is top of mind for communities all over the world. A municipal security unit in Chile has been trialing Axon Respond live streaming to ensure the quality and security of the supply chain and transportation process for COVID-19 vaccine distribution in their community. Another technology we're excited about is our new ERP and CRM. Many people across Axon are working incredibly hard on upgrading these critical support systems and their associated processes, and they're already driving huge efficiencies as the early modules come online. Luke also talked about the importance of driving efficiencies to fuel growth. And we're laying the foundation today for a company that will be able to scale to $1 billion in revenue and well beyond. Now you might be wondering why am, I choosing to highlight our new ERP along with sexier technologies like VR and live streaming. And I'm doing it to highlight something I can sum-up in one word, discipline. We have our sight set on some lofty goals by 2030, as Rick mentioned, but our feet are firmly planted in the here and now. I'm so proud of the discipline we exhibit as a company on a day-to-day basis. In our capital allocation decisions, our budgeting, our execution. This is a team that is absolutely dialed in and ready to build on our momentum. And take our company to even greater heights. And with that, we're going to turn it over to questions.
Question-and:
A - Andrea James: Thank you, Jawad and team. Let's take our first question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: Hi there. I just want to just start out with sort of a tremendous quarter and the year that federal and international had? Can you maybe talk about, what is driving sort of that increased demand? And is there sort of a broader mindset shift that you're seeing with either how agencies or national police forces are starting to look at the TASER?
Josh Isner: Thanks Jonathan for the question. Ultimately, I think it's just a lot of hard work that our team is putting in. A few years ago we said we were going to continue to focus on Tier 1 markets until we felt really good about earning the right to go into Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets. And now we're starting to see that kind of mechanism pay off. And this was a foundational year in 2020 in some of our Tier 2 markets. We're seeing new markets by TASERs, at high volumes and we're extremely excited for that trend to continue this year. And so we're really focused on growing the TASER business. And then earning the right to expand into other product lines in these markets and we're going to continue to execute day-to-day toward that end.
Jonathan Ho: Got it. And just as a follow-up on, have state local government pressures created any sort of headwinds in terms of your pipeline of opportunities. Or is it actually the reverse where maybe this is opening up some opportunities just given your strong value proposition? Thank you.
Josh Isner: I don't -- I can't really offer an opinion on that to be honest. I think it's more just -- we're focused on covering the market as best we can, not only in state and local but in federal and international as well. And by doing that, certainly, we feel like we have the best products in law enforcement and public safety and we're going to continue to tell that story and make customers very happy. And turn them into evangelists for our company. And regardless of what pressures may or may not exist in any given year, we think that's the long-term winning formula.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Andrea James: Thank you, Jonathan. And analysts, we do -- we have you all in the queue. We added you one by one as you joined the call this afternoon. So we've got you. No need to do the hands raise, but we appreciate the question. Okay. Will Power from Baird is our next. Go ahead, Will.
Will Power: Right, great. Yeah, this is a bit of a follow-up I guess, to the previous question in the international comments. But just looking at TASER obviously just a huge quarter, any other color you can provide on the key underpinnings there, as you look at the upside in the quarter what was the upside surprise if there was? Obviously, you had one big customer that looks broad-based more than that. Is it tied to certain geographies, certain types of local agencies versus federal? Anything else you'd call out with respect to that TASER strength?
Rick Smith: Yeah, sure. So, I think we had some visibility into some large deals in Q4, but not to get too specific. But some of the challenges in this environment are making sure we can deliver and get accepted in short periods of time. And we did get the order in time in Q4 and we're able to deliver it. We view that as kind of a 50-50 proposition in early November. The team did a fantastic job executing. But behind that one large order there were a series of kind of mid-sized orders in international across all three geographies. The Americas EMEA and APAC and I think it just speaks to the work the team is doing to really focus in on markets that are now ready to move to more less lethal solutions. And again, we believe, we can parlay that into body camera adoption and records management adoption and virtual reality adoption and so forth over the long-term.
Will Power: If I could stick a question for Luke, I know, as you talked about the key 2021 objectives you had four key ones. One of them were scaling new products. Wonder if maybe if you could just update us with respect to records and respond, what are you putting in place to accelerate growth there? What does that cadence of opportunities look like as you kind of move through 2021 here? 
Luke Larson: Yes. Well we're seeing a lot of interest from our customers specifically around the entire kind of Axon portfolio where we see the biggest adoption of these capabilities is in our officer safety plans that we offer. I'm going to turn it over to Jeff Kunins to add a little more color on the specific product details. 
Jeff Kunins: Sure. Thanks so much for the question. So on records we're -- we continue to be incredibly pleased with our momentum and records. A latest good data point is that 40 agencies have now signed or in deployment or are live on one or more modules of records including more than a dozen we've committed to full replacement of their legacy RMS. In addition to that within that early momentum with major cities specifically continues. Two recent examples are that, Atlanta actually went live on the standard use of force module of records in Q4. And Baltimore, which has been publicly announced before as an upcoming full records customer is on track for their deployment this year. So we're incredibly excited about the continued accelerating momentum there. Also as we -- you saw in the shareholder letter on respond for devices, we had a 7x growth in live streaming and other aspects of engagement of the product over the last six months and continue to really see really strong adoption of all aspects of response for devices across the footprint. And as Rick talked about in the beginning, some of the key further additions we're making to the product line that compound the value of all those pieces together that we're most excited about include Auto Transcribe. So now that our Auto Transcribe unlimited package is out it powers a whole variety of scenarios including not just accelerating evidence management, but also new capabilities like priority ranked video audit which really helps agencies use the data that's underneath their body camera video to help them with making sure that they're compliant with policy and helping make them make their body warm camera programs more effective than ever. 
Andrea James: Thank you. Well really appreciate it. Next question from Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. Go ahead Jeremy. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks Andrea. Congratulations on an incredible year to the team. I wanted to come back to the international for a second, where you clearly have a ton of momentum and I think this is probably directed towards Josh. Just in understanding the international cycle -- sales cycle which has typically been longer over the years. It does seem like with the momentum that potentially there's greater urgency being seen with the customers that you're talking to. But I wanted to get a sense on whether or not that international sales cycle is starting to compress and if you're realizing these contracts sooner? Or this is just reaping the fruit of a number of years of laying foundation, but it does feel like that sales cycle is compressing a little bit? 
Josh Isner: Yes. Certainly. Thanks Jeremy. I think it is compressing a little bit. And I think the other element we have is we've added to our international team pretty substantially over the last three or four years. I think it's probably started around 10 people in 2016 that were direct sellers and we've multiplied that by two or three at least. And the result of that is we just have more activity in the pipeline quarter-over-quarter. So that pipeline is starting to come into fruition and there's certainly an element of the sales cycle seems to be speeding up a little bit, but we just have way more opportunities now every quarter and certainly it relieves a little bit of pressure of fewer opportunities and we have more ways to get there now which feels great and we're going to continue to focus on building that out and we're making some investments again this year in certain markets to create even more momentum. And hopefully, we'll continue to see that trend in the years to come. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. And I wanted to ask, I know you can't provide a ton of details around the new product launch. But historically, when you've had major product launches, you take a little bit of a step back on the margin front, investment being made both on the sales side of the equation, but obviously also some in R&D. I just wanted to get a sense in terms of the revenue base as a whole is significantly larger than it's been in the past. And just to get a sense for if there is going to be some margin drag this year, can you quantify, can you give us a sense of the magnitude as you look at both what sounds like an entirely new product launch, but also some of the other -- whether it's records developments or dispatch whatnot, the potential drag that you might see on margins?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, I'll take this one. Jeremy, it's a good question. We are not expecting any margin drag from the new products that we're launching. We're actually expecting some margin expansion. In 2020, we were looking at some of the headwinds that we had on TASER. We also had some customer mix as far as international shipments and that's behind us. And so in this year even with the new products we're launching. For some of the newer ones specifically like VR, there's a little bit of a drag from a hardware perspective, but it's so small as so as to be negligible. Overall, we're not expecting any drag.
Jeremy Hamblin: Last one for me, real quick on supply chain. So, as you've gotten more federal contracts and so forth, and obviously we know how you're producing TASERs and the cameras. Has there been any pressure to alter your supply chain? Is that something that you're considering down the road and where you're sourcing cameras and how the cameras are coming?
Luke Larson: We've got decades of experience producing our TASER devices where ICAR is restricted, which means we have to manufacture in the US. And so we feel really, really good about that process. On the camera side, it's something that we definitely keep an eye on. As it sits today, we still feel really, really good with the way that we manufacture and then kind of load the final firmware on the product. And so, I don't see anything from kind of the supply chain side, I would defer to Josh, if he's hearing anything from the customers.
Josh Isner: Yes. I think we're in a fantastic position inventory and supply chain wise. Our customers have been delighted that we've really at times accelerated the speed at which we're able to deliver large deals and that's a huge credit to Josh Goldman and our entire operations team. They're just doing a fantastic job supporting our customers. And this is actually over the years the best I've ever felt about, our ability on the supply chain and logistics side to please customers. So, I'm really, really bullish going into this year in that regard.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. Congrats and best wishes this year. Thanks.
Andrea James: Thank you, Jeremy. Next question is from Erik Lapinski at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Erik.
Erik Lapinski: Hi. Thanks, and congrats on the quarter. Last month, you announced a deal with a private security company. And I guess I'm just wondering what kind of opportunity do you think that market can represent. Are you seeing interest from other private customers? Or is that maybe a one-off type deal that wouldn't be something we could see again? And are there investments you could make to attack that?
Josh Isner:
-- :
Erik Lapinski: Got it. That's helpful. And then, maybe if I could just kind of squeeze one on the dispatch side. I know you had mentioned kind of over the last few quarters that you're building in incremental capabilities and maybe that would be a hold off for certain customers to start adopting that. I guess just wondering like where you are with that? Do you feel that the product is there? Is there enough of a road map for even a larger police department to kind of see it and potentially hold off on a replacement to migrate to you? Or I guess just -- I know it's early, but anything you can update us on there?
Jeff Kunins: Sure. Thanks Erik. It’s a great question. I think first like, we said before dispatch are really more broadly this idea of respond of a real-time operations platform is a multiyear journey. And so we're very confident that over the next three to five years, we're going to wind up being number one in what's traditionally called the legacy computated dispatch market, but our sites are even broader and more ambitious than that. But as Jawad said earlier, our feet are also very firmly planted in the present. And so like right now today as you know we have one city live on our dispatch platform and we have multiple more that are signed and sold in the queue for deployment over the course of this year and going forward. So we feel very good about that pipeline. Just like we talked about records and really in any software category where you have an insurgent trying to unseat legacy competitors, which in this case we're the insurgent there's this journey of building up in the right way the capability is needed to be the right fit for each successive chunk of the market, while adding on top of that your unique differentiation that makes you a compelling reason to switch. And that's just -- that has nothing to do with Axon or CAD or records that's just the physics of any disruptive insurgent category like this. And we feel really good about where we're positioned and where we're going even though it's early. And in the case of dispatch, the sequence or latter there is first being great for law enforcement only PSAPs as opposed to ones that also do to fire and medical, but sort of the midsized cities, and then actually after that gearing up to also cover fire and medical, which we're actively working on this year. And then ultimately to be, not only the largest cities but the multi-jurisdiction PSAPs. So we feel fantastic about our trajectory but it is early in that journey but we need to keep you apprised as we win and deploy customers along that way.
Rick Smith: Let me jump on as well. I want to share a story. I talk to a police chief of the first agency I believe in the world, certainly in the United States that is live streaming every call in the dispatch, video live stream, and it was just so rewarding to have that phone call to hear the things that we have been imagining come to pass. And the month that you shared with me was it's just a total game changer. They found dispatchers are actually helping new officers in real time. He told me a story where the dispatcher heard a thud that the officer didn't right? Because the officer is in the scene there -- they've got total vision, sometimes they're focused on their own safety. The dispatcher is sort of a dispassionate aid. Well, turn out the thud in that case was a gun had been dropped to -- the person in the car dropped it and tried to kick it under the seat, the officer -- the dispatcher told the officer, hey, I heard something you should check and they discovered there was a gun and obviously that's a pretty important piece of information the way it's unfolding. The other thing that they shared with me was that by having the dispatchers watch the call, they just have far greater understanding than when they're just listening to a few cryptic transmissions over the radio and they're getting real-time oversight of every incident. So you think about everything that happened last year and now there's discussion about well how did the agencies pick the right videos to have a subsequent supervisory review? In this agency they're reviewing every video not by a supervisor but by a dispassionate dispatcher. And you can imagine if someone was saying something like I can't breathe that could be reacted to right now where the dispatcher could say, hey I need a supervisor to check this out and see what's going on in real-time not find out weeks later that that was happening. So is that, sort of, transformative new capability that we are uniquely able to position. And you'll probably guess there's a little bit of a dynamic tension between me and Jeff who keeps me honest where it's like, hey, we need to do the things he was talking about there, we've got to deliver on the core functions of what they need to be a functioning system today and blending the right amount of these new capabilities because you can't -- you've got to kind of have both and it's just wonder having Jeff on the team. I think he's really shepherding us through that process of how we blend the right mix of legacy features with the right mix of new features to be transformative and effective at displacing existing incumbents.
Jeff Kunins: So one last tiny bit just to put all that together is exactly that combination of why we declare respond and have a real-time operations platform that's the real category. Historical CAD is cute. Real-time operations platform is skating to where the puck is going. And from a business and this insurgent standpoint, the key is just like how with records an agency can adopt standards are use of first module of reps side-by-side with their legacy RMS even before they might be ready to make a full migration, respond for devices what we used to call at what there what Rick was just referring to our live streaming any PSAP. In conjunction with their law enforcement agency can easily deploy respond for device right in their PSAP alongside their legacy CAD even if they aren't ready to switch over for their full CAD, but that not only gets them into these scenarios earlier, but it also gets them acculturated to our experience and we think that's ultimately an accelerator to when they're ready to consider a full migration. 
Erik Lapinski: Yes. That's awesome. Thanks for sharing that example. I mean that's definitely the vision coming to life. So congrats.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Erik.
Andrea James: Thank you, Erik. Next question from Derek Soderberg at Colliers. Go ahead, Derek.
Derek Soderberg: Thanks, Andrea. So I wanted to start with consumer TASER. It looks like that was pretty strong again this quarter. I was wondering if you can, sort of, elaborate on what drove that strength again? I know there have been some tailwinds due to the pandemic and some other things that happened in 2020. Just curious as to your thoughts on that business as we, sort of, move past that a little bit. How sustainable is consumer TASER strength? And, I guess, maybe longer term if you can update us on the strategy there to penetrate this -- the non-lethal weapons market?
Luke Larson: Yes. Thanks for the question. Our consumer business doubled in revenues year-over-year 2020 over 2019. And some of that early in the year was the pandemic and some of the just overall lift in firearm sales and we were certainly a beneficiary of that. We did put a new general manager of the consumer business in place around second quarter last year and he's really up leveled our game. He is a marketing background, Matt Goren. He's got a very strong background in marketing and he's tried to move things for us. It actually had a very immediate effect and we've seen that momentum continue into 2021, which is how we know it's not a fluke. We've got some pretty lofty goals for the consumer business. We've got two new products that we're bringing to market by the end of this year. And longer term our ambition as a company is still to make the bullet of sleep and that doesn't just happen with building a better TASER device for law enforcement. We're planning on building a consumer device that also does the same thing. And then I want to turn it over to Rick and let him talk a little bit about his vision as well. 
Rick Smith: Yes. So we started this business back in 1993, the original TASER was already being sold to police. Our original business model was to drop for consumer for two reasons. One it is where we can actually do even more moral good by saving lives. Police officers are involved in hundreds of lethal force incidents every year. But private citizens shoot and kill 35,000 to 40,000 of each other every year. So we can save the most lives that we can have impact there. And from a market scale perspective it's frankly just a much larger market. So even the block and got to these ubiquitous law enforcement has a far larger both dollar and unit volume they sell in the consumer market. So we're committed both for the business reasons and for the mission and north star regions to see the consumer continue to grow. And I think part of that -- I personally live we will hit a tipping point when we can actually prove that we can outperform a standard nine millimeter that is going to be transformative not only in our core US law enforcement. I think every other police agency around the world, I don't want to start naming off entries here, but pretty much any country is not going to have the same relationship with guns that Americans do. So let's just take Iceland as an example. If we could outperform their black hand guns all of a sudden, I think, we could become the standard weapon and I just picked that as a totally random country. But you go around the world, and I think the minute that we can actually say this could replace your firearm. Every police force that carries a firearm is now a customer and they're going to be under tremendous political and moral pressure to use the better safer thing that saves large. I think that also opens up the consumer market. So I think we're in the early innings. We entered enforcement in 1999 to prove the technology work so we could reenter the consumer market and that play has still not played out yet. And I'd also like to say we moved consumer under Jawad a couple of years ago and he gets a lot of credit for breathing new energy in bringing that [indiscernible] in and this is kind of Jawad's one of his passion project that’s helping us in the consumer space.
Derek Soderberg: Great. Thank you for the detailed math. And as my follow-up, Rick, last quarter you had sort of mentioned the conversation you had had with U.S. congressperson. I guess, now with the new administration, new representatives, I guess I'm curious as to how those conversations have evolved over the last quarter. Are you sort of feeling that same sense of optimism around maybe sort of a sweeping police reform bill that includes body cams or how is your sort of sense of optimism changed?
Rick Smith: Well, my sense of optimism is pretty dauntless. If anything, sometimes I need to people to make sure I keep my feet grounded. I would say that though, I think that the trends towards body cameras and less lethal weapons and all the things we're doing is really more ground up. There's certainly been some talk about whether there's going to be a legislative action at the federal level. I don't want to guess on that. I mean that would obviously, could be very helpful if it happens. But we're not -- that's nowhere in our plans. We think we are just continuing to win the hearts and minds of agencies and communities and the end user by delivering stuff that saves their careers saves their lives save them all the trauma of having to deploy lethal force, or having their integrity questioned when something controversial happens and knowing they can defend themself to the body camera. So I think I wouldn't say anything has changed positive or negative at the political level. I think, we're just continuing to see that groundswell from the state and local. That's where these decisions really get made. 
Derek Soderberg: Great. Thanks so much.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Great questions.
Andrea James: Okay. Thank you, Derek. Our next question is from Keith Housum at Northcoast. Go ahead Keith. Keith, you’re up next and you're muted. There you go.
Keith Housum: Sorry, about that. I just want to echo guys, congratulations again on the quarter and a great year. If I can provide a little bit -- dig down a little bit deeper on the TASERs for the year. Obviously tremendous growth. How much of that growth is coming from a nontraditional state and local agencies? You guys were talking about a number of different initiatives in terms of federal and jails and corrections and the security. But if you kind of provide a bit of color and break out between, I guess, the old sources of revenue as well as the new?
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. I appreciate the question, Keith. International certainly was a big driver of CW weapons growth. I think we've talked about that to a large extent already. Federal also is a place where we had a good year last year, in terms of some new agencies coming on board with some of our newer CWs. This year we certainly expect to see more of that in our federal business. We're really excited about a couple of the CW opportunities that are out there. And then, state and local with, really hitting our stride with TASER 7. State and local bookings, it's a market we hear every year questions about, hey is the growth slowing down as it flattening out. And last year state and local bookings were up almost 30%. And so that was -- I would say pretty equal weighting between body cameras and TASERs. And so, I think across all segments of the market, the team is doing just an exceptional job of making sure that we continue to grow the TASER line. We certainly believe like every single law enforcement officer is better served carrying a TASER than not. And until that happens we got a lot of work to do, to bring that into fruition. So that's really what we're focused on, not only in federal or international but also in state and local, where there's still plenty of room to go there. 
Keith Housum: Okay. Appreciate it. And I would be remiss, if I didn't ask the question about the guidance. It looks like the guidance for the full year next year is about 12% growth year-over-year. You obviously got some great tailwinds at your back, but you're obviously going in some huge numbers at your content. If I look at cartridges I look at the consumer devices, obviously, some good tailwinds for you. And you guys have never grown only 12%, I think, at least in the recent history ever. What gives you the indication that revenue growth is going to actually slow down so much year-over-year?
Josh Isner: Yes. We're certainly not done. In the last couple of years you've seen growth in the mid- to high 20s. You've also seen that those years tend to be back-end loaded. Q3 and Q4 combined are usually significantly higher than Q1 and Q2 combined. And so as we think about it right, it's early February. We're certainly trying to sell far more than 760 and that's our goal every year is to exceed our growth rate in the previous year. But having said that, we haven't seen the pipeline materialize for the back half to the point where we can be a little more aggressive on our guidance. And in quarter one, we have to be responsible and disciplined about how we guide. And so this is something we're going to revisit every quarter. And as that back half pipeline materializes you'll certainly hear more about that as it is happening. But on day one here we're starting with 760. And like I said though we got -- and like you said, we have a lot of tailwinds and we're really focused on another great year in revenue.
Keith Housum: Okay. Appreciate. Thank you.
Andrea James: Okay. Anybody have anything to add? Okay? So we're not seeing any slowdown just want to make that clear. Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan: Andrea, I actually might piggyback on that from an EBITDA standpoint for guidance, just how you should think about that provide some more context. So ever since I joined Axon, it's been really important to me that we're demonstrating both growth on our top line as well as driving leverage on our bottom line. And we've not only done exactly that over the last few years, but it's also been a central tenet of our long-term guidance as you know. So it's super important to us that we're continuing to invest to stay ahead of the innovation curve. That's another sort of thing that we're trying to solve for. So every year we put together an operating plan or a budget that's trying to solve for those three things; top line growth driving leverage and investing for growth. And it's actually super hard to do, but we've got a very talented management team and that's what we've been doing. However, one of the dynamics as Josh pointed out of our business is that our revenue profile throughout the year is back-half weighted. And even then it's really more concentrated in Q4 than in Q3. So what happens is if we hit our revenue targets, our EBITDA comes in on plan on our internal plan. And we drive that a little bit of incremental margin expansion while still having invested in things like R&D or the channel, but if we beat our revenue targets especially in the fourth quarter, it's too late in the year to reinvest that upside. So we return it to shareholders, which is exactly what you saw this past quarter. So that's how you should be thinking about it from an EBITDA standpoint Keith, our base plan is solving for top line growth, incremental leverage and investing for growth. And to the extent that we exceed on the top line that will allow us to drive even more leverage. 
Keith Housum: Got it. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thanks, Jawad. Okay. Last question I believe unless anybody has follow-up is from Scott Berg at Needham. Go ahead, Scott.
Scott Berg: Great. Thanks. Congrats on the awesome quarter. I guess we've got a couple of questions. Jawad just a point of clarification first of all on the large TASER sales in the quarter. Were those -- was that $20 million order all for TASER 7s, given it's international and their propensity historically to buy something other than that? I just wanted to clarify that?
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, Josh why don't you weigh in. That was all TASER 7. 
Josh Isner: It was TASER 7 and accessories associated with cartridges batteries holsters and so forth.
Scott Berg: No. Got it. And then just as a part of that is were they all purchased on a subscription plan? Or were they kind of an upfront product purchase? And I saw the mix in the quarter certainly down shifted for the mix of TASERs on subscription?
Josh Isner: Yeah. It's a great question Scott. So for us in Tier 1 markets as well as in the United States, we do sell TASER 7 on subscription. But in Tier 2 markets and Tier 3 markets, we actually sell TASER 7 in a similar bundle, but it's available for an upfront purchase. The reason we do that is twofold. Number one, oftentimes there's distributors in the middle of the deal and that complicates how the subscription would work. In this case, there was no distributor. But Part 2 is we don't have a very strong well documented payment history with some of these first-time buyers for large TASER orders. And thus to protect the company and shareholders we do ask to be paid upfront so that we're not recognizing revenue ahead of getting paid more or less.
Scott Berg: Awesome. That's great. And then my final question, I don't know if this is for yourself Josh or maybe for Rick is your live stream usage up 7x from April to December that's a -- it's a big number. I know it's coming off a small base because you're just starting to get those devices in people's hands at the end of last year. But is that helping in the sales cycle yet? Are you seeing the ability to take that evidence or to take those customer experiences and actually parlay that into new customers that are on the fence whether or not to buy the AB3?
Rick Smith: Josh I'll let you take that one. 
Josh Isner: Yeah. We're really excited about where live streaming is going. Certainly, I think over this last year, we've seen a ton of very interesting use cases for the product, and we continue to see more and more. This is something that as new – new body camera customers that are purchasing AB3. We are seeing a reasonable number of them by live streaming on day one and then customers who have been upgraded to AB3 are trying live streaming early and often building it into their budget in the out quarters. And so under both kind of use cases we are seeing an uptick in live streaming and we think this is going to be central to the value proposition across all of our products long term. So certainly, it's an encouraging sign.
Jeff Kunins: Yeah. I think the one thing to add to that is that, when people buy access to respond for devices even in addition to or instead of if they're not ready-to-use live streaming per se simply activating their use of that LTE chip and the camera unlocks a bunch of other scenarios as part of our software, including simply having accurate location for 100% of their evidence which makes it easier to tag and find things later for like compliance, as well as the transcription scenario I was talking about earlier where they can now configure us that all of the – the audio from their video automatically goes up to evidence.com immediately upon finishing the recording, so they can move even faster on some of the evidence management pieces. So response for devices we love the live streaming scenario, but there's so much more that they unlock by buying that add on.
Scott Berg: Great. Congrats on the wonderful quarter. Thanks everyone.
Andrea James: Thanks, Scott. I wanted to build upon Josh's answer on the pager subscription question just real quick. So those Tier 2 markets are the markets that we're a little bit newer to or we don't have always the established payment histories that we would have in Tier 1. Tier 1 tends to be the United States, the UK, Australia, Canada those English-speaking markets and Tier 2 are ones where we're new. And so we feel confident that over time we're going to be able to drive peter subscriptions in those markets, just like we did in the US and in the UK, but it's still early and we also don't have the payment history to extend the credit to do that today. Okay. Are there any other questions? Did anyone put their hand up? No. Okay. I think Rick we'll have you close us out.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Thanks Andrea, and thanks everybody for joining us today. Obviously, we're delighted to be able to turn in results like that, and I couldn't be more proud of the team. I was just sitting back noticing and listening to my team field the questions, it's just been amazing to see us come together, and it's been a challenging environment. But what a year to have turned in, I couldn't be more proud of everybody who helped make that happening. Many of our employees and team members that are tuned in listening thank you for just phenomenal effort in a crazy year. So, enough celebration on the great results in 2020. It's time to get to work on 2021, and we look forward to talking to you all on our next quarterly update. Thanks, and stay safe.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-05 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: [Abrupt start] …particularly crowded earnings day particularly with the election being on Tuesday. So thank you so much for joining us today. Today we have available Axon's CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner; Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. And we have a special guest today our VP and GM of the Federal Business, Richard Coleman. First, we're going to give prepared remarks and then we'll bring our analysts up onto gallery view for questions. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter. We posted it to investor.axon.com and the remarks that we make today are meant to build upon the information in that robust letter. If for some reason we lose access to Zoom or Internet connectivity we'll make every effort to post our prepared remarks to investor.axon.com so you can read them. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today. They are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings Okay let's turn it over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks Andrea. I know everybody is really busy with earnings season. And you may have a lot of calls to go through. So I thought about how can I best encapsulate the quarter. Out over 1,000 people busting themselves, working so hard in the hardest environment I've ever seen. And then that team, they deserve that we spike the ball. I couldn't be more proud of what our team turned in. Now with that I also know some of you are working from home. We had the pleasure of meeting some of your kids. We want this to be the conference call that your kids want to come join. So at the end have them join you when you ask questions, and we'll send them some Axon Swag for warming up our call. I've got my daughter, Kyle who's learning about business. Say hi to everybody. So Kyle is going to be attending as well. She will be giving me pointers from the side as we go over our results. So thanks, Kyle. At the end we're also going to -- we're going to have a little bit of background bingo. You guys enjoyed it last time. So today we're going to play a little game, but we know you're busy. So let's get started, just hang out for the end and every kids join us. I cannot be more proud of what has happened with this company, how we've transformed and scaled in recent years. An idea that really started from a tragedy 27 years ago has had us put together platform and solutions that are at the center of today's national conversation around justice, equality and social reform. Our mission has been clear from day one. It's a privilege to be solving essential problems for our customers and for our communities. We see our customers out there working hard to keep communities safe. And we thank you. We thank them for their dedication. Communities are increasingly demanding not just body cameras, but also TASER devices that they see more and more often police need options to reduce incidents escalating to legal courts. On the heels of the extensive civil unrest we've seen over the past several months, Axon established a fourth company mission, a pillar, which I talked about last quarter centering on racial equity, diversity and inclusion. Our teams are greatly inspired by this new mission and joined forces to develop a new company-wide initiative Sprint for Justice led by Jeff Kunins, our CPO. Our entire engineering team came together in one enormously successful and productive two weeks sprint they created and shipped eight new capabilities in support of Axon's new goal. We have prominently highlighted these in a graphic within our Q3 shareholder letter and you can link from the front page of our website. Another big call out this quarter, significant traction in federal where bookings were up 400% compared to last year. We're establishing a strong foothold in the early innings here with big wins across new customers and programs. We've been making strategic investments into the U.S. federal market and we view this early success as a game changer. And with that I'd like to introduce you to the game-changing person who's behind this. And that is Richard Coleman, our Vice President and General Manager of Federal programs. Richard came to us from General Dynamics where he started out as a Solutions Architect for Department of Defense Geosynchronous Satellite Programs, he progressed to capture management where we won multiple $100 million and $1 billion programs. We certainly hope he'll be doing that with us here. And he finally finished his General Dynamics 18-year career as a Vice President and GM for Law Enforcement Systems. Richard?
Richard Coleman: Hi. Thanks, Rick. Really appreciate it. Now, I am thrilled to join you all for today's call. This quarter will mark my second year here at Axon, and I've never been more bullish on the opportunity we have in front of us in the federal market. Q3 2020 marks a historic moment for Axon as we've achieved a record $38 million in bookings up 400% year-over-year. Our success includes a number of new programs and contracts, many of which were first for Axon. I'll walk through five of these quickly to provide some color, but these are also in the shareholder letter as well. First, we established our first two programs of record with the federal government, including a $13 million U.S. Customs and Border Protection order for body cameras and digital evidence management. This is significant because, Customs and Border Protection is the largest law enforcement agency within the U.S., and if you're not familiar with the program of record, it's a key milestone that specifies an appropriations line in the U.S. discretionary budget. Second, we signed our first indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity or IDIQ contract with a federal agency directly. To be successful in the federal market and federal space, it's essential to establish contacts and contracts to get your solutions funded. And an IDIQ is a contract vehicle that does just that for us. Additionally, it gives the agency an established way to procure our solutions through an established vehicle. Third, we signed our first Officer Safety Plan for the federal agency. A lot of you are familiar with our OSP plans. It's a bundle that includes TASER 7, Axon Body three and all the software that goes along with it. And we're excited to take this popular bundle and introduce it to the federal law enforcement market as well. Fourth, we sold body cams and cloud-based digital evidence management for the first Department of Defense customers. And we think there's much, much more opportunity to unlock in the DoD starting with the military police and security forces across the department. And lastly, we signed our largest TASER contract in company history. It's valued at $15.5 million with the Department of Homeland Security. Now with all that said, all these achievements there's one thing that really excites me most about Federal and it is that Axon is already an established tech comp, known for its innovation. And we can leverage our innovation, our tech pedigree, along with our top-notch products to fill real federal requirements immediately to fill them today in the federal market. And we can do this, while still innovating like the tech company we are. And we can drive the industry as well as the federal market forward. Again, I really want to thank you all for the time today on today's call. I'm both humbled and honored to have the opportunity to lead Axon Federal into the federal market. And in doing so, protecting life, capturing through and accelerating jet for the federal defense and civilian agencies and all the communities based there. So with that, back to Rick.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Thank you, Richard. It's been just a real pleasure having you on our team and your impact has been remarkable as demonstrated this past quarter. I want to conclude my segment by thanking our employees. Look, we're all going a little stir crazy working from home in this wild turbulent 2020. And I just think about the mental toughness and commitment that people have summoned this year to work through it and deliver the kind of results this team is delivering. It's not lost on me that, we are in a fortunate position despite the fact that we're in the midst of a global pandemic, we've been blessed that we have superior talent across the organization, we have mission-critical products and we're finding new and increasing pathways to growth and a powerful financial model. And with that, I want to turn it over to our President, Luke Larson.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. There are so many great things to talk about from Axon Accelerate our user conference to our massive early success in the U.S. federal market that Richard talked about to the strength of the demand for our software services and our Officer Safety Plan subscription and the phenomenal adoption we're seeing. We detailed a lot of it in our shareholder letter. So to avoid being too repetitive, I just want to highlight just two of the many successes from this quarter. First, TASER. We're not just selling TASER devices anymore. The category is evolving from a book and ship hardware product to a subscription-based deescalation platform that includes cloud software and training. And we see this in the percentage of TASER devices sold on a subscription, which rose to a record 75% this quarter. This 75% reflects a surge in demand for TASER in the U.S. Internationally, we are still getting started. And so while subscription levels are lower than in the U.S., we are confident, we can also drive subscriptions abroad. Second, we launched Axon Respond, which is a giant leap in police communications technology. We are evolving real-time situational awareness beyond the radio. Going back two years, we spent more than 1000 hours studying what was wrong with 911 operations. So we could deliver a compelling solution to fix it. Rather than describe it, we're going to play the video that we showed at Axon Accelerate. Most of the technology you'll see in this video is in the market today with a few exceptions including fleet three with license plate reading which we are aiming to bring to market mid-next year. Doug can you play the video?  [Video Presentation] Awesome. And one last shout out for me to all of our employees that helped deliver these record results. And with that I'll turn the call over to our Chief Financial Officer Jawad. 
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks Luke. I'm also very proud of our employees for putting up another quarter of solid execution which drove outperformance across most of our metrics. Earlier this year, we shared our plans to invest in our channel product and support infrastructure as we look to scale the business to $1 billion in revenue and beyond. These investments yielded results ahead of our expectations as evidenced by our strength in outlook for 2020. We intend to continue these types of investments in 2021. Two areas in particular highlight how we think about calibrating our investments for growth in a dual track near and long strategy. With certain channel investments such as federal and international, we can start to unlock revenue relatively quickly in the near term.  Meanwhile with other investments particularly in our software product categories such as records and dispatch we're bringing new products to market that will disrupt legacy incumbent providers over the long term. This combination of right-sized investments ensures growth over the near and long term and with growing diversification the particular product or channel that drives this growth will look different from quarter to quarter. Now let's turn to our outlook. For 2020, we believe we can deliver full year revenue of $630 million to $640 million. The out-performance versus our original 2020 revenue midpoint expectation of $620 million reflects strength across the business as well as growing customer diversification particularly in federal and international. As you see in our shareholder letter we're also tracking above plan on the bottom line and that's driven by revenue out-performance expense leverage in travel and event cost savings of about $12 million. In 2021, we expect to continue to build on our strong momentum. Given the rapid pace of growth we're seeing, we want to provide you with a framework around our view of the business. Since our August update, we've seen an uptick in our level of visibility. While there is some risk from the ongoing impacts of COVID most municipal budgets for January have been set. And after taking into account some small pockets of budget slowdown, we feel confident in our positioning and outlook heading into next year. In addition, we're continuing to diversify in products and markets. Our initial view of the business for next year is for $720 million to $750 million in revenue with $120 million to $130 million in adjusted EBITDA. This reflects continued strength on the top line and consistent adjusted EBITDA margin performance excluding the aforementioned $12 million of expense favorability in 2020 due to the pandemic. Finally I want to touch on ESG which we're hearing about from a growing number of our investors. Axon is a mission-driven company whose overarching goal is to protect life and that social mission is what drew many of us to the company. We see fully 100% of our revenues as supporting the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. In our shareholder letter we talk about Sprint for Justice which Rick mentioned earlier. This product development initiative created features such as automatically flagging body camera video, if a racial slur is detected using VR training to help officers better respond to high-stake situations and promoting a growth mindset among officers by offering a coaching feature. ESG is a growing area of focus for us and you can expect to see more from us on this front over the coming year. We're in the final stretch of a high-performance year. I want to reiterate, how proud I am of our employees for their crisp execution in a challenging environment and for their unwavering support of our customers. As we plan for 2021 we feel highly confident about how we're positioned across the board. And with that, Andrea let's move to questions. 
Andrea James: Thank you, Jawad and team. Moderators, can you bring everybody up into gallery view? Let me know when that happens please. 
Operator: We're all up in gallery view. 
A - Andrea James: Great. Thank you. All right. We're going to take our first question from Keith Housum at Northcoast. Go ahead Keith, you're up. And the phrase of 2020 is you are on mute Keith. 
Keith Housum: All right. Can you hear me now? Sorry about that guys. Jawad, can you go in a little bit more detail and remind us about the investments that are going to be made in the channel the product and the infrastructure. I guess, particularly, I'm interested in some of the investments you're going to be making to grow the international business. 
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, absolutely. So we made investments this year in new geographies that we had never been in before. And it was really on the heels of investments we made in the previous years in new markets like India and the Ukraine. We have seen very early -- like great results early on. I'm going to let Josh talk a little bit more about that. When we put boots on the ground, there's no substitute for that. And what we found is that by having folks there by establishing offices having employees, Axon employees in these new markets it leads to not only increase pipeline, but in many cases a return within the same year. And so we're doubling down on that strategy, the channel investments next year we're going to expand even more geographies. From a product standpoint we're continuing to invest very heavily in software. The Sprint for Justice initiative that Jeff led with his team this year is a great example of just the type of leverage that we could expect to see from the investments we've already made in our product and just a little bit of extra effort goes a long way. And then from the support infrastructure standpoint, we are in the process of getting ready to be $1 billion-plus revenue company and everything that comes along with it from an ERP implementation, which we're well underway in HRIS and other back-office support systems that we're putting in place to help the company scale. 
Keith Housum: Great. And if I can follow-up on that. In terms of the international expansion is -- are all the entire product portfolio going to be available internationally? So I guess what I'm getting at is the software been written or translatable into any language? Or are you going to be limited in terms of what you can offer where based on languages? 
Jeff Kunins: Ultimately, I think, we view any international customer as an opportunity to not only sell TASERs and body cams, but also move them to the cloud and Evidence.com. And for some markets right off the bat customers are adopting Evidence.com. For other markets they're adopting our on-premise solution named Commander first and then subsequently moving to Evidence.com over time. I think for us the most important thing for any international customer is to get one of our products in their hands. And it really doesn't necessarily matter to us which one they start with because we can really feel confident betting on ourselves that we'll be able to deploy more and more of our products with those same customers over time. 
Keith Housum: Okay. So language will not be a barrier to what country you can go with your product portfolio? 
Jeff Kunins: No. 
Keith Housum: Great. Thanks, guys. Great quarter. 
Jeff Kunins: Thank you. 
Andrea James: Thanks Keith. All right. So we're going to take our next question from Will Power at Baird. Go ahead, Will. 
Will Power: Great. Yes. Thanks for taking question. I guess, I'll try to slip in two. Maybe the first for Richard or perhaps Rick whoever wants to take it. Really encouraging to see the progress at federal. I guess, I'd just love to get a little more color on what the sales cycles look like generally as you target federal, particularly, as you look at that Homeland Security contract the largest TASER deal in company's history. And I guess, I'd be curious how much more room there might be to go with somebody like Homeland Security? Is this just a starting point? Or are there things you could build off of from here? 
Rick Smith: Why don't you take that one Richard? 
Richard Coleman: Absolutely. Yes, absolutely. The lead times for federal contracts can vary. Typically there's a two-year budgeting cycle. But that said, every single year federal customers are evaluating what the gaps are, what their needs are and their requirements. And so every single year a customer has the opportunity to leverage their funding for technology and/or capabilities that are relevant. And so we're seeing lead times as low as within a year as well as extending out to the two years that the budgeting cycle typically efforts itself. And then specifically for Customs and Border Protection, CBP they are the largest law enforcement agency across the U.S. So 40,000 law enforcement officers within Customs and Border Protection so we see this as a franchise program where we see nowhere but north and additional growth.
Will Power: Okay. Great. And maybe a question for Jawad, it was great to see some initial thoughts on 2020. Maybe just help us out the key insights from your end to help what was your confidence in laying out that revenue guidance what were kind of the key inputs to provide that visibility at this point particularly given some of the ongoing questions with respect to municipal budgets and whatnot. 
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. Of course, look, one of our core values as a company is transparency. We've got great relationships with our investors and our analysts and we've always prided ourselves on the level of information, and detail that we share in helping them model our business. One of the things that, we heard pretty consistently throughout 2020 was that after we pulled our guidance earlier this year it was a little difficult to model our business. We've got a lot of moving parts and increasing amount of complexity in the business. And as you point out, there's still a lot of uncertainty in the world. But the reality is that our business has been diversifying along two vectors. Who we sell to is rapidly expanding beyond law enforcement and where we sell is rapidly expanding beyond the U.S. So the fact is that our business is more resilient today than it's ever been. And so we wanted to share our view on how 2021 is lining up for us again in an effort to help folks model our business. 
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thanks, Will. Next question from Erik Lapinski at Morgan Stanley. Go ahead, Erik.
Erik Lapinski: Sorry, I think I was on mute. Congrats on the quarter. Thanks. Maybe just a quick one on kind of as you continue to ramp shipments of Body 3. Can you give us any context into just the attach rate for maybe some of the more LTE connected features and kind of the usage there? Is it going up pretty in line with what you would have expected? Is it may be improving better or worse?
Rick Smith: Yes. Absolutely. I think we're very, very excited about where we're at right now with interest in live streaming and other connected features with a AB3. Without going too deep into the numbers, I would say, like we feel really good about the amount of adoption we've seen through 10 or 11 months here and certainly going into next year have a very strong pipeline of connected services. Whenever you launch a new product and really at any point in the year customers need some time to build in that ask into their budget. And so while this year a lot of our new cameras that were first time purchases included a lot of the connected services. Going into next year, I think a big point of focus for us in kind of year two of those budget cycles are now to be able to get all those upgraded cameras on those same connected plans. And our customers have been working with us and of course with their city councils and so forth to identify funding to add those feature sets on. And so we're really excited about kind of the runway we have to get hopefully one day every single AB3 onto our Respond or Respond Plus platforms. 
Erik Lapinski: Got it. Thank you. 
Luke Larson: And just one quick addition to that, as we talked about in the shareholder letter both from a sales perspective, but also just usage and engagement while it's still early days over 200 agencies have used Aware actively in the last 30 days with more than two dozen consistently using it every single week now. And we've seen just tremendous growth in the adoption of live streaming as it begins to roll out. We've seen it grow over 6x over the past six months. 
Erik Lapinski: Got it. That's awesome. Thanks. And then maybe just one other one on kind of the percentage of TASERs sold on a subscription going up. Is that starting to become more, I guess, being the highest rate you've seen. Was that some of that a factor of maybe a large order to being sold on subscription? Or like is that pacing to even the rate that you would expect kind of moving forward?
Rick Smith: Ultimately, the majority of TASER 7s are on subscription plans the vast majority. And so essentially, the way I think about it is over time as the mix of T7s keeps going up relative to our other TASERs the more of that number will be driven up as well. So I certainly would expect although nothing is guaranteed that we would look for that number to keep growing unless there's like an outsized international order as a one-time purchase or an outsized order on X2 or X26P is a onetime purchase we certainly would expect that number to keep trending up.
Erik Lapinski: Got it. Thank you.
Andrea James: And just to be clear to follow up there. It was also tied to the mix of domestic shipments in the quarter. So 75% is a great number and we're proud of it but it will fluctuate depending on domestic versus international. Okay. Our next question is going to be from Joe Osha at JMP Securities. Go ahead, Joe.
Joe Osha: Okay. Am I unmuted? That's the first and most important question. Going back to some of the comments about next year I'm wondering if we could maybe get some insight into how that might break down in terms of TASER sales versus cloud. And then also I'm interested in whether computer-automated dispatch and records might be contributing meaningfully to that? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yes. We definitely have goals across all products including dispatch and records. And certainly we've seen a lot of really promising indicators in terms of interest and commitments this year that will translate into deployments and dollars next year in dispatch and records. And then on the TASER business I think as we look at next year we kind of try to set a goal for ourselves of how much we want the TASER business to grow year-over-year. And absolutely, we anticipate TASER growth in that number. But likewise we expect all segments to grow including software and sensors, cloud and so forth. 
Joe Osha: Could I perhaps, Jawad are you willing to put some numbers around that in terms of mix? 
Jawad Ahsan: Not at this time, Joe. We gave directional guidance for how we're thinking about 2021 and we feel good about that guidance today but that's the extent of the detail we're going to get into.
Joe Osha: Okay. Thank you.
Andrea James: You always got to try right? You got to try. I'm just checking to see who's logged in recently because we've had some folks logging in up. Let's take our next question from Jonathan Ho at William Blair. Go ahead, Jonathan.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon and congrats on the strong quarter. I just wanted to start off by circling back to the Fed opportunities. Does the IDIQ contract potentially give you a hunting license to go and maybe chase other agencies or subagencies down? And just wanted to get your thoughts around the GSA schedule as well.
Rick Smith: Yes. Go ahead, Richard.
Richard Coleman: Absolutely. Yes. So an IDIQ contract it is kind of a hunting license. You can think of it as a contract vehicle that allows the customer -- the federal customer to buy off of a pre-agreed icing catalog from Axon. And so in particular this IDIQ has multiple -- is at the department level and there's multiple agencies within that department that can then follow on and purchase off of IDIQ. 
Jonathan Ho: Great. And then we've definitely seen some interest here in terms of the deescalation products. Can you maybe talk a little bit about whether that can potentially drive some additional bundling and just sort of the reception that you've seen from deescalation just given the current political environment? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yes sure. So in Q2, obviously with the lockdowns and so forth that was domestically probably the low point of the year in TASER sales. And Q3 we really roared back and I'm so proud of our entire global team, especially in this case our state and local team. And I think there is certainly a record interest in TASERs. We see that quarter-over-quarter here. And we expect that to continue to grow both in state and local where we see it more incrementally. And then federal and international where our hope is we see it more exponentially. And so across the board I think there is very strong demand for TASERs. I think you'll continue to see that throughout the year here and we're very excited at the opportunity to continue to be able to package our deescalation devices with our software and sensors, packages on the body cam, cloud side and on the record side and so forth. 
Andrea James: Okay. Thanks, guys. We'll take our next question from Jeremy Hamblin at Craig-Hallum. Go ahead, Jeremy. You're on mute.
Jeremy Hamblin: Can you hear me now? Sorry about that. So I wanted to just congratulations on the fantastic results. I wanted to get into the records business a little bit. And just get a sense of -- there's a little bit more embedded competition in that particular side of your business. And I wanted to get a sense for -- as you're getting in the initial ramp the timeframes to win meaningful share in that portion of your business.  You have fantastic relationships now that have been built over a couple of decades that may make the sell easier, but I wanted to get a sense of how you're thinking about that business and whether or not the ramp that we saw that was kind of a long slog in cameras, do you think that this -- you can potentially gain share and adoption faster and record simply because of the extensive relationships you have today? 
Josh Isner: Absolutely, Jeremy. I think we've seen over the last 10 years certainly body cameras were a little slower out of the gate to be adopted. But now we've put ourselves in a market leadership position there. And certainly part of our strategy as we've talked about is around OSP 7 plus and packaging our record solutions with our body camera solutions. I'd say this about the competition like we have a lot of respect for all the different companies in the market. They're all great companies and well run and so forth.  But at the same time like we've built our team and our channel and our product team and our company for moments like this where we can enter new markets and we can win in them. And so this year, we've seen very promising results and I certainly believe in our team and I think we're going to end up in a spot where we are the market leaders not only in records, but also in dispatch and every day we're waking up getting one step closer to that. 
Jeremy Hamblin: And if I could I wanted to ask one other question directed towards Jawad in thinking about 2021. In terms of -- you've seen pretty exceptional growth and steady growth now in the weapons side of the business. And I wanted to get a sense as we look forward into next year where you've continued to have mid-teens growth in that weapon segment. I think a lot of people had expected that to tamper. It seems as though you're as excited about that business today as you might have been a few years ago and maybe even more so. Is that something where you feel like that weapons portion of your business can continue to do double-digit growth? 
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. It's a great way to say it Jeremy. I am more excited about our TASER business now than I ever have been in my time at Axon. Actually I've never felt better about the company overall. And obviously TASER is a big part of that. And we talked a little bit about in my prepared remarks about this like near and long strategy where in the near-term we can still see growth from TASER both domestically there's still life space. We talked about all the reasons why over the last couple of years. But now with federal and with international that's going to be an important growth vector for TASER.  And then with these investments we're making in product with records and dispatch, we think that that's going to be at -- those are SaaS businesses our ARR is now top $200 million. So we're not necessarily small anymore, but that's still ramping very quickly. And as that revenue comes online over the next few years that's going to help two, three, four years out. Keeping our growth rate growing at an accelerated pace. 
Rick Smith: Yes. I've got to jump in here and say as well do not forget the TASER business. It is a really transformative and exciting business. Before this decade is out, we will have a weapon that is going to be neck-and-neck or even outperforming a 9-millimeter and stopping power. And I think we've got the opportunity to become the primary weapon of law enforcement officers around the world. And that message has been really positively received by law enforcement.  When I released my book last year, we were nervous as to how that investment would resonate. But I can tell you especially in the environment we're in right now no officer wants to use legal force. And we just -- we've got a really good less lethal weapon system today, but we still have room to improve and I'm really excited about the things that are coming down the road. And just the opportunity even with TASER 7 just got approved in the U.K. I mean we're getting approved in new markets where our existing upgrades are going to be really opening a lot of revenue opportunity. And I don't see that coming out of scheme -- running out of a scheme any time soon. 
Jawad Ahsan: I actually I wanted to jump back in as well one thing you haven't heard us talk a lot about I'm just as excited as Rick is talking about TASER. One area, we haven't talked a lot about in the past, but I think you're going to start hearing more from us Jeremy is the consumer business. So I'm just so part of our consumer team. We had a plan for the year -- for the full year in revenue and they hit that plan in the first seven months of the year. They're having a banner year. We're expecting big things from that business. We've got a couple of product launches in the horizon in the next year or two. So, that's another area that we're expecting to see some growth.
Jeremy Hamblin: Fantastic, I love the goal. Thanks guys.
Andrea James: Thank you. Next question from Joshua Reilly at Needham. Go ahead, Joshua.
Joshua Reilly: Hey, there. Thanks for taking my questions. So you just had your customer conference in August. What did you see in terms of demand and pipeline generation out of that event from being fully virtual versus historical in person events? And then, how does that compare to the increased customer interest generated from the social unrest over the summer?
Rick Smith: So let me start, and then I'll pass over to Josh, who is here. I would say overall, being virtual the level of attendance I think we had something like 10,000 people sign-up, which is something like 4x or 5x in last year. Now not all of them showed up and the level of engagement probably wasn't as high, because we didn't have their undivided attention. But the feedback we got was people really enjoyed it. We set out VR headsets loaded with some of the content for at least a subset of the attendees. So I think given the challenges, people really responded well. Now we do see the value of in-person in the future. But this year, I think actually in terms of quantity of touch, it was actually broader than it's been before just maybe not as deep in terms of giving their time for three full days. Josh, do you want to add on anything?
Josh Isner: Just to the questions about social unrest. Look like I want to be really conscious of how we talk about this. It's not a victory when there's the type of social unrest that there is today. And so, certainly like our team, I think we think about our sales process the exact same way every day, like we are going to cover the market well. We're going to talk about the value that our products provide across the board and we really, really believe in that value. And sometimes it takes an external factor for a customer to maybe be more motivated to buy it or whatever the case may be. But we really believe like hey we're just going to keep focusing on the things we can control, and we believe we're going to end up in a really positive place not only as a business but in terms of fulfilling our goals and missions in society. I think we're going to feel really good about that. And I want to kick it over to Luke, maybe just to talk a little more about Accelerate as well. I think he had something to say as well. Thanks.
Luke Larson: Yes. Accelerate was a huge success in terms of being able to connect with the customers digitally which I think a year ago it would have been very tough to get the key decision-makers from major cities to invest in time via Zoom call or another format. And so that's been one of the silver linings of the pandemic is us being able to rapidly push people to these virtual-type engagements. And so we walked away being very, very pleased to Rick's point of being able to hit a larger number of customers, and showcasing all of the tools around deescalation transparency. And then, just finally to Josh's point on the social rest -- social unrest, we really are trying to solve and be part of the solution in these really difficult complex situations. And so our customers aren't looking to us as somebody that's coming to them out of the blue. We've invested in decades of relationships where they know the tools that we're creating are going to help them resolve these really difficult issues in the best possible outcome.
Joshua Reilly: Okay, great. And then, just one follow-up question. Net revenue retention increased one point sequentially in the quarter. Does that imply that you're having ongoing success in upselling the OSP bundles? I know that's probably the case, but just maybe some color on that. And then, how should we think about the relative penetration for OSP at this point within the body cam customer base?
Rick Smith: Yes. I'll take the first part of that question on net retention. That's exactly right. Our strategy has been geared towards selling more higher-value-added bundles like OSP 7 Plus. And as more customers adopt that then we should expect -- we will expect to see our net retention increase. And then for the second part of your question, I'm going to kick it over to Josh.
Josh Isner: Okay. So, on the net revenue retention, I also just want to give a big shout out to our customer success or this is an order we invested and substantially this year to build this out and make sure our customers continue to have a great experience. And Lisa Krolikowski and her team have just done an awesome job ensuring that. And I think that's reflected in net revenue retention. Do you mind just reminding me of the second part of that question?
Joshua Reilly: I was just about to -- sorry, did I just cut out there. The relative penetration for OSP plans within the body cam customer base.
Josh Isner: Yes. So I think for us, like, with OSP right now, I think, we're seeing a lot of midsize and larger agencies start to show a lot of interest in it. And I think that's where we're having the most success. As we kind of took a holistic look at our pricing and packaging strategy going into next year, I think, you'll start to see us test OSP like offerings that are a little more tailored to specific segments. So in corrections, I think, we're very excited to offer an OSP package there that's more tailored to corrections. I think with inside sales that handle our smaller customers, we're going to be experimenting there as well with the same type of package that's a little more tailored for smaller agencies. So our goal is to have every customer buy a camera, a software license, a records license and a TASER at the same time. And I think we're on our way to that. And hopefully, with some of the adjustments and tailoring types of initiatives that we're undertaking right now, I think, we'll continue to see more and more positive signs there.
Rick Smith: One thing, before we continue, Andrea, I'm going to go ahead and just take one moment and I'm going to share my screen. And I'm demonstrating with you guys a feedback tool I use with a lot of our customer interactions it's called Slido. And it is a way that I can take feedback from groups of customers, while I'm doing these calls. So I want to do the same thing with you. If you get out your smartphone and go to slido.com and enter the code Axon or just point your smartphone camera at the QR code, that will open up Slido for you. And there we're going to get some of your feedback and you can ask some questions there that I can come to at the end. And while we're doing that, Andrea, back to you to keep running with the questions.
Andrea James: Thanks, Rick. Thanks. All right. We're going to take our next question. Moderators, can you bring everyone on to gallery view again?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. Can you stop sharing your screen there? 
Rick Smith: Did I break it? All right. Do I need to stop my screen share, Doug? 
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, if you could. 
Rick Smith: Okay. 
Andrea James: Thank you, Rick. Appreciate that. Okay. So next question from Charlie Anderson at Colliers. Charlie, you’re up.
Charlie Anderson: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a really strong quarter. I wanted to go back to the consumer TASER commentary; that was really interesting. Sort of, curious what's happening there. Is that more push? Is that more pull, because it is finally in the same product, right? And I'm sort of curious too, if it's a sustainable trend, what that means to TASER gross margin and then also the cartridge business for TASER. And then, I've got a follow-up.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. Great question, Charlie. It's a little bit of both. Earlier in the year we saw increased sales from the -- as a side effect of folks staying home and wanting more self-defense options. As you know, like, gun sales were up and TASER sales were up for similar reasons, as folks looked for self-defense options for home. We hired a new general manager for the consumer business. He started earlier this year. He's got a fantastic marketing background and he's been completely up-leveling our game. As you pointed out, it's the same products, but we're really stepping up our game from a marketing standpoint and we've been making a run-in, not only increasing sales with distributors, but especially with direct-to-consumer. And those results have yielded some pretty great returns early on. Next year, as I mentioned, we're looking at a couple of product launches that I think are going to get even more of a push. And we're focusing not only on the TASER form factor, but there are some other form factors that we think are very appealing to folks that don't necessarily want to fire a weapon, per se, but more of a TASER that's got a different form factor like we've had in the past that we've discontinued. So those types of things we think are going to be opening up new markets for us. And then, from a margin standpoint, they're actually going to be very helpful. The consumer business is at -- we haven't actually disclosed this publicly, but it's a very attractive margin. It's accretive to our law enforcement margins and that's true with the cartridges as well.
Charlie Anderson: Okay, great. And then for my follow-up, we had a chance at some pretty significant police reform bills coming out of the federal government this year, didn't happen. I'm just sort of curious where you see attitudes trending as far as that's concerned, in terms of reform, both at the federal and at the state level, in terms of potential tailwinds to the business. Then NIBRS was obviously helpful on opening up opportunities in record, sort of, curious if there's anything else like that out there in terms of regulatory that can provide a tailwind for you guys over the next year or so? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Let me take that one. A few weeks ago, I had gotten an e-mail from a Republican U.S. Congressmen, who would inform me that part of their platform on police reform was to promote body cameras for every officer in America. And that's coming through the Republicans. I think you would also see on the Democratic side of the aisle that we're -- there's a lot of support for police reform particularly around body cameras. But I'll tell you once we really get into the conversation people also very quickly understand the value of TASER weapons. I mean we saw the tragedy in Philadelphia a few weeks ago and the community there has risen up including the family of the deceased really pushing the agency, why didn't every office there have a TASER. Again we obviously don't like to see those sort of tragedies happening or try to leverage them. But we do have solutions that really matter and we think it's bipartisan. And I would tell you I just -- on a personal note, I've been pretty worn out by all the devices missed in the country, but the last 48 hours, I was expecting a lot more of it. And I'm feeling a lot more -- a lot less division right now. I think we may see a more productive coming together as we move into next year after the exhaustion of 2020 and I think on both sides of the aisle. We have a positive solution-oriented technology program that can be part of a police reform bill that police want that communities want and I think legislators can see the value of them. So I'm optimistic. 
Luke Larson: Yes. I would just add -- I would echo Rick's comments. I think this is really -- we're seeing now bipartisan support for reform that would include technologies for products like body cameras, as well as increased training. In June, Joe Biden called for $300 million to reinvigorate community policing. And so regardless of the outcome I think this is an area where kind of the pragmatic voice is going to win in terms of saying we actually need more training to reform police more funds going in there than to actually cut funds from there. 
Andrea James: Okay guys. I think that's all of our questions. And I just want to give a quick second to make sure to see if we have any follow-ups. Does anybody have a follow-up? Do you want to raise your hand? No, we're feeling good. Okay so. 
Rick Smith: Andrea a couple have come in through the chat real quick. I don't know if you want to just touch on those about the sales of body cams used by correctional guards and police officers. 
Andrea James: Go ahead Rick. Go ahead. 
Rick Smith: I think we're seeing some major correctional agencies and sheriff's offices are now starting to deploy these. In fact Josh you could talk -- you stood up a team to go after these adjacent markets. And I think we're seeing real reception right? 
Josh Isner: Yes. Absolutely Rick. I think this is a place where historically there hasn't necessarily been a lot of focus on it in terms of like individuals that that's really all they do day in and day out. And over the last two years we've built that team and I think it's already presenting pretty incredible returns. And I think once these representatives go out and talk to customers I think they're really parlaying the success to the similar use cases around the country within corrections. And we expect that to continue I think between corrections and some of our other adjacent markets of private security and eventually fire and EMS and so forth. We'll continue to see more and more momentum both on the TASER side and on the body cam side. 
Rick Smith: Right. And I think we already answered the other question that was in there. 
Andrea James: Yes. There was another question that chat about please, but I feel like we really covered that both in our shareholder letter in our prepared remarks and in the Q&A. And the transcript will be posted online if you guys missed something. Okay. So now we're going to turn it over to Rick to close this out. And just wanted to say one of the things that's really been heartwarming is, we've heard from some of you on the buy side that you're watching our earnings calls with your kids and they're learning about what you do managing assets for a living. So in that spirit of camaraderie, Rick prepared a little something for the families out there tuning into earnings calls. 
Rick Smith: So you guys have already seen. In fact we've already had three people respond which I appreciate. I'm going to leave this up. The call is basically over. But if you get a chance go into Slido and check it out. It's been an invaluable tool. I get a lot of feedback from customers this way. And we're having some fun where if you can guess the majority of our backgrounds whether they're real or not what office it's from, we're going to send you some Swag. So give us your shirt size your email. And thanks and also give us your feedback. We want to know are you enjoying the format sometimes we get a little more informal. I figure you're probably going stir crazy like we are. So we're listening it up trying to make it kind of fun, knowing you've got a lot of work you're going to be working late in tonight. We hope you will look forward to our earnings call, not just for the great results, but because we're going to have all fun together. So thanks. It's good to see the country, I feel coming together. I have this optimism looking into the future. In general, it's been a rough year. And thanks for sticking with us. And again, to every Axon employee, I couldn't be more proud to be part of this team. I just love working with you all and look forward to reporting our next results in the New Year. So, thanks everybody.
Andrea James: Thank you. Bye.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: …Abrupt start Mr. Josh Isner; and Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. We feel great bringing you guys the whole team. First, we're going to get prepared remarks and then we'll bring our analysts on camera for questions. [Operator Instructions] I hope everyone has had a chance to read the shareholder letter, which we released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. Our remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter which is very robust, if for some reason there's an internet outage beyond our control or we lose zoom connectivity, we'll make every effort to post a copy of our prepared remarks to investor.axon.com this evening. During this call we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on the predictions and expectations as of today. They are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. Okay. Please go ahead Rick.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Andréa. And thank you everyone for joining us today. During our last quarterly update in May, one of the biggest issues we addressed was how we were managing our business through a pandemic. One quarter later we have so much more to talk about because we've all watched thousands of people take to the streets demanding police and public safety reform. Our company's reason to exist, our mission is for exactly moments like right now, protect life. We are on a mission to make energy weapons so safe and so effective that we make bullets obsolete. We preserve truth; body cameras protect officers to bad claims and citizens from bad behavior. Increasing transparency and reducing social conflict. We accelerate justice with advanced cloud software and AI that have potential to make the entire justice system more fair and more effective. When you think of gun violence, social conflict and a fair justice system, most people don't think of these as technology problems but it's political problems. We frame them as problems where technology can play a transformative role. Now look technology is no panacea and it cannot solve these problems for us. However, almost any problem can be solved faster and more effectively with the right technology tools to help people solve them. So as we look at all the pain and anger today, we ask ourselves what we can do to help promote equity. Our superpower is creating technology to address social problems that many others see as intractable. So we've added a fourth mission to inspire our work; centering racial equity inclusion and diversity, which might make you, wonder how you can build technology to promote equity. If you want to hear specific examples of how we are using technology to support this new mission, you'll have to wait and come join us at our conference Accelerate later this month. We made Axon can't change the policies and cultural norms in policing, but we can build the tech tools to help our customers do it. We're hearing consistent and emphatic calls for change from the most prominent leaders of law enforcement and we are excited to build the tools to help them. Back when we began investing in body cameras in 2008, we faced innumerable skeptics we faced numerous skeptics. But, we knew that body cameras were the future. And body cameras started gaining traction after a wave of protests began in Ferguson Missouri in 2014, which was really the birth of the Black Lives Matter movement. At the time, we were delivering the right capabilities at the right time and our investments in cloud software made body cameras suddenly feasible and affordable for all agencies. We invested in body cameras when nobody believed they were possible and as the investment community well knows our core body camera and software business lost money from 2008 to 2019 when it began to turn a profit. Those 11 years of continuous investment in R&D to prove out the feasibility and sustainability of body cameras are now the foundation for our next leg of growth. In 2020, we're humbled to be developing solutions that once again find themselves relevant to a national conversation about policing. We do not shy away from these hard discussions and we see the pain and the nuance behind demands to defund police. This is really all about reforming and reshaping the justice system. And these are issues that we engage with daily. They're not new to us. We invite input from a broad spectrum of voices; we have the industry's most relevant and productive ethics board with renewed calls for reform we can leverage technology and policy changes to improve public safety. We believe that our product moment fit is why our pipeline continues to strengthen as communities see the power of our platform to drive positive change. And now with that I'm going to turn over to our President, Luke Larson.
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. In a few weeks on August 25th as Rick mentioned, we'll be hosting our Annual Technology Summit Axon Accelerate. Due to COVID, we've shifted this to a virtual event which has allowed us to grow the event to reach a much bigger scale of our audience and customers. We're also able to offer a cutting edge virtual reality track. If you'd like to attend go to axon.com and register. We're very excited to share some key customer updates and product announcements on how Axon can help officers and the communities they serve ensure everyone makes it home safe. Our strategic priorities in 2020 are to continue to execute in our core market, while accelerating our path to market in new product categories. Our engineering and product teams are solving some of the most difficult problems at the intersection of the physical and digital worlds to advance our mission. This is also a year where we have walked beside our customers in one of the most challenging environments they have ever faced. Our customer facing teams have built amazing relationships with our customers not by selling devices or software but by becoming trusted advisors on how we can help customers with the important problems they are facing. We are helping them to source mission critical technology amid greater public budget scrutiny; helping them to access federal dollars where available and we aspire to be true partners to our customers. We are emphasizing the mission critical importance of our OSP 7 plus offering de-escalation, transparency and productivity have never been more critical to police and community relations during this watershed moment. And our offerings address these exact situations. This emphasis drove our Q2 results with revenue up 26% year-over-year. This is a strong performance in the context of one of the toughest macros we've faced, a global pandemic and massive economic uncertainty. Our strong results were also driven by a stellar quarter for international up 80% year-over-year to $34 million. This was on top of 38% international revenue growth in Q1. We were just getting started in large markets such as Brazil and India and three countries top $1 million in revenue for the first time in the quarter. Indonesia, Panama and Thailand. Turning to the bottom line GAAP income was affected by stock-based compensation and tax expense; adjusted EBITDA was $28 million reflecting a 20% margin which showcases our cost discipline and some travel savings related to COVID. Turning to operations; you will see the inventory build on our balance sheet. This was very intentional. We have adopted well -- we have adapted well to an ongoing supply chain environment that we've never seen. Recall that last year we diversified our supply chain and global manufacturing footprint due to tariffs and it turns out that those initiatives positioned us well to handle COVID-19; even so given the number of unforeseen challenges that could lay ahead and the fact that 2020 is full of curveballs, we've elevated our inventory build in the first half. This safety stock helps minimize shipping disruptions and also prepares us for some key Axon Body 3 shipments to major customers in Q3 and Taser orders we are expected to fulfill in the back half of the year. Currently, we expect Q3 inventory levels to remain about the same and by the end of the year they could come down by as much as 10%. And with that I'll turn it over to our Chief Financial Officer, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks Luke. Our second quarter performance was a testament to our ability to deliver sharp execution in a challenging environment. Although demand remained robust, domestic customers were often banned with constraint. Dealing with COVID-19, personnel outages, employee safety concerns and caution about uncertain budgets. Even with these challenges, Q3 revenue is generally in line with our pre-pandemic expectations. Domestic body camera bookings remain strong and our international expansion continues to accelerate. Our results in the quarter speak to our resilience as a company and the critical importance of our products and our customers lives. A few years ago, we set out on a journey to transform into an enterprise software company that also sells devices. And our performance this past quarter further solidifies that path. High margin annual recurring revenue grew 42% to $183 million; software revenue was a record 30% of total sales and we sustained SaaS net revenue retention of 119% Turning to our outlook; we're watching to see whether states shut down in the fall, which could bring renewed caution on budgeting. There is just enough outside of our control regarding COVID-19 that we did not reinstate formal full-year guidance. We did provide a range that we are managing toward for Q3. There are two factors to keep in mind when considering our interim Q3 guidance. The first is that we made a strategic and intentional decision to prioritize growing our Cloud user base and adding nodes to our network in the early days of our Software and Sensors business. As a result, we have contracts with strategically important agencies both domestically and internationally that have served as beachhead accounts but come with a lower margin than average. The second factor is that the majority of our multi-year contracts come with hardware refreshes at periodic intervals, which come at a lower margin than the SaaS portion of these contracts. The confluence of these two factors will conspire in Q3 to be a headwind on our gross margins, which we expect will normalize by Q4, anticipating a question we often receive these days we are not seeing changes in buying activity due to police defunding concerns. In fact, we've seen some anecdotal acceleration of body camera buying decisions due to agencies wishing to provide transparency to the communities. We remain confident in our long-term, multi-year outlook. We're privileged to be working on solutions to some of society's most entrenched challenges. We're just getting started in several new markets internationally and in several new software product lines. Importantly, the addition of capital from our recent follow-up offering further strengthened our balance sheet and provides us with even greater flexibility to continue investing for growth. At quarter end, we had $675 million of cash and investments and zero debt. Before we move to Q&A, I'd like to share some insight with you as to how we view the company relative to the investments we're making and where we're headed. The first phase of the company's growth let's call it Axon 1.0 saw us establishing the Taser business and building an unparalleled sales channel with law enforcement. The second phase of our growth Axon 2.0 saw us continuing to innovate with the introduction of smart devices including body-worn and in-car cameras, which integrated seamlessly with our customer focus cloud network. Now we're entering the next phase of our growth Axon 3.0. We're building a rapidly evolving public safety ecosystem with both connected devices and intuitive workflows powered by AI with the increasingly powerful Axon Cloud as our centerpiece. Our mission with this ecosystem is to protect life, capture truth and accelerate justice. Now more than ever society is driving towards these outcomes and Axon is uniquely positioned to partner with our customers and deliver on all three. And with that Andréa, let's move to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead James. 
JamesFaucette: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask the team Rick, Luke obviously there's a lot of pressure on police departments at the very least to improve efficiencies et cetera. Where are we now in terms of some of the software products like records, dispatch et cetera to really effectively reduce time that officers have to spend on paperwork et cetera and so they can spend more time in the field and gain efficiencies that way and how well are you being able to communicate the current capabilities to the customers.
RickSmith: Well, I would say the best answer to that question will be if you tune in to Accelerate; we have some pretty significant new announcements, and we'll be showcasing some new capabilities that will have a big impact on efficiency. One of which we've been in field trials that'll go -- it's going into full release and I can tell you that one agency in Canada was testing one of those capabilities that was absolutely transformative; they had two homicides happening in a short period of time and for a small agency these great tremendous levels of workload and one of our new AI products actually helped them handle two simultaneously. That they said without us they would have been at risk actually potentially having those cases at risk of getting disqualified because they would not have been able to process all the paperwork and evidence data and meet the judicial deadlines. So stay tuned and Accelerate for more but both records and dispatch are live in the field and we're now beginning to start really linking some of the AI capabilities to power the creation of the structured data in those systems from the unstructured data we capture with our body cameras.
JamesFaucette: Got it. And then as a follow-up you mentioned Canada but it was interesting at least to us to see the big jump in international revenue. Where are you and how much should we think you'd be thinking about the ability that you have in other international markets to take the success of Taser and take it over to body cameras and some of the other software products in those markets?
RickSmith: Josh, why don't you start answering that as a head of sales?
Josh Isner: Yes. Thanks very much James for the question. Ultimately, I think we see a lot of similarities regarding where international is now versus where domestic was four or five years ago, and we're very much following the same playbook. We're going to be focused on fewer markets than the entire world and we're going to continue to build out a few markets at a time over the next few years. I think the investments we made in our Tier 1 markets a couple years ago building really talented teams there, focusing on expanding both Taser and getting our early body camera and deems customers there are why you're starting to receive the revenue results now and as we continue to build bookings up internationally, we expect revenue to follow in future years. So our focus is to build very, very talented teams in the markets that we see as potential movers; and we'll start to introduce some of our newer products into those markets that are already showing great results. And as more and more markets kind of come up to speed, we'll introduce our newer and newer products as those markets become larger markets and deployments of body cams and Tasers.
Operator: We'll take the next question from Keith Housum at Northcoast Research. Go ahead Keith.
Keith Housum: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Rick, in terms of the budget relief which the government is considering is there any impact to your guidance if budget relief is offered to the state local agencies over the next several months?
RickSmith: Yes. I think it'd just be pretty speculative for us to speculate on what might go in there, obviously, if there's a lot of money specifically earmarked to state and local agencies; we suspect in this environment that it would end up being focused towards a lot of the transparency tools things we're doing with body cameras et cetera. We've also seen a lot of interest in corrections growing around the Taser weapons because COVID-19 still remains a big issue and particularly in confined environments. So there's more focus on maintaining safe distances, traditionally in corrections if you have an inmate that decides that they're going to become resistant to following the procedures they have to that is meant correctional officers suiting up and having to go hands-on in a very close personal; you're covered in each other's sweat and other things you really worry about. So our plan does not account for any additional federal funding, if it comes in I think there could be a little bit of upside, but I wouldn't -- again I don't respectfully too much.
Keith Housum: Fair enough. Right, Jawad just a little bit housekeeping here in terms of the EBITDA margins for the next quarter what's the impact of your large contracts on your EBITDA margins?
JawadAhsan: Yes. That was part of what we signaled with our Q3 guidance, Keith. we have some large international customers; we have a couple of international, sorry domestic customers that have we consider to be strategic beachhead accounts where the margins are lower on the camera contracts, and as those customers get the refreshes on their contracts in the quarters that we ship which Q3 happens to be one we're going to see lower margins, which is why we gave that specific guidance for Q3.
Keith Housum: Right but would it be fair to say the impact of those shipments could be 2% on the EBITDA margins, is that fair assumption?
JawadAhsan: Well, it's -- we are anticipating the EBITDA margins to be 12% on our Q3 revenues. We don't have formal guidance for the year. So I can't officially say what that impact is going to be.
AndreaJames: Yes. Keith and if you dive into the segment commentary in the shareholder letter we're even more specific on the gross margin thoughts by segment. We'll take our next question from Joe Osha at JMP Securities. Go ahead Joe.
JoeOsha: Hi, thank you for taking my question. One of the questions that have come up around this notion of police funding is the idea that some functions might be taken over by non-sworn officers. I'm wondering about how Axon sees the opportunity to address those types of people. Thank you.
RickSmith: Yes. Let me take that one. So first of all I had a really interesting call with a major city Police Chief where we were talking about the defunding phenomenon and what happened and what he related to me was actually they did reassign portions of his budget to other portions of the city, so basically they just shifted some resources out of police to other city agencies. And then his net budget was actually increased fairly significantly for body cameras and transparency tools; so in that respect he was pleasantly surprised that the whole defunding discussion actually led for their agency to a better place; allowed them to focus in on their function a bit more reliance and partner agencies within the city to take a little more of the load and ultimately give them a little more budget for tech. Now ultimately, we'll see how this plays out in other agencies but we believe that this idea that right now law enforcement, they're doing a lot of social services. They're dealing with homeless people and mental health issues because you pick up the phone and you dial 911 for a lot of things that maybe don't need a cop. And so as we think about our dispatch software what a great time to be introducing a new cloud-based dispatch capability, where we can obviously shift our roadmap and be looking at introducing new features things that would allow agencies to perhaps integrate better with other city agencies that might not traditionally be dispatched oriented tight folks to use some of our communication tools in ways that would allow the dispatchers to dispatch non-sworn officers to different types of events. So we tend to love change as an organization and times are changing rapidly here and we view that our DNA sets us up well to move quickly to new opportunities.
LukeLarson: That's right and Joe I think how we talked about when we last spoke about when you think about something like dispatch and you think about something like Axon Aware and building geo relocation and live streaming into our cameras really being part of a bigger mission for agencies around real-time operations and broadening that lens. This is exactly the perfect scenario for which that is purpose-built. And so even right out of the box the integration of acts on dispatch and Axon Aware bringing together the ability to bring other kinds of resources into an incident in real time is a capability that is just native to our Cloud-borne approach to all of these categories.
JoeOsha: Thank you and just following on that, if I may. Is it possible perhaps that we might see an opportunity to deploy Axon Body alongside some of this new dispatch technology with non-sworn community officers or whatever we're going to call them?
RickSmith: Absolutely. We're seeing also not only the ability for non-sworn officers to be able to use cameras but for sworn officers to be able to live stream with folks like mental health experts that can be helping them in real time dealing with complex situations, where those officers might need more expertise. But we actually think this could open up some education areas particularly if you have unarmed non-sworn people; your ability to identify emerging dangers becomes even more important because you have to rapidly route armed officers to the scene to help out.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Berg at Needham. Go ahead Scott.
ScottBerg: Hi, everyone. Congrats on the great quarter. Thanks for taking a couple questions here. I guess first I don't know if this is a question for Luke or for Rick but Rick in your newsletter you talk about OSP pipelines in particular strong including the components for RMS. Now you just signed a really large contract with Baltimore that includes records but I guess what are you seeing on the records but I guess what are you seeing on the records level out there maybe from a demand perspective that would suggest those OSP 7 contracts with records will actually be implemented and utilized because that seems early given the commentary, but obviously great if that's the case.
RickSmith: Sure. I'll take that and -- to Josh. --Or different -- [Multiple Speakers]
Josh Isner: I'll go ahead and take that. So I love that question and so again like we talked about last quarter, we're thrilled that well more than a dozen agencies are already live signed or being actively deployed on records using one or more modules of product. And we're incredibly confident of the trajectory as you've seen with the Baltimore announcement both committed adoptions among OSP customers, as well as continuing interest for the pipeline beyond that, continue to accelerate well ahead of even our expectations. And I think the two key things at play there like we talked about before the first is the power of the bundle makes it an easy choice for them to take advantage of that benefit at a perceived value point that goes hand in hand with what they're already paying for because it's effectively -- it's already included with the money they've already committed to. And then second is this key notion that we've talked about of Axon standards which is this use of force reporting module. And what's beautiful about standards is that it just so happens in records that every agency has to use of force reporting but they typically use a third party module for it. They don't actually use their historical RMS, but because standards is built right into Axon records it's the perfect first experience that they can use it as and rather than and or with their legacy RMS to begin getting value out of it right away with incredible easy deployment and then from there decide when they're ready to migrate their entire RMS; and that's exactly what happened with Cincinnati and we're seeing that same pattern play out as we go forward because it's incredibly easy to deploy; it works side by side with what they've already got and then as they come to love it whenever they're ready they can quickly decide to adopt full records for their entire RMS needs.
LukeLarson: Yes and specifically on the pipeline; I would say we are seeing more and more agencies interested in OSP 7 plus and we're seeing some acceleration from the agencies that bought OSP-7 plus last year in adopting our standards module of records, as well as a lot of the other key modules like reporting and so forth. So I'm very confident in our team to be able to convert some of those OSP 7 plus opportunities into RMS deployments. We're very focused on and we're very focused on making sure that customers are valuing and adopting all of the benefits in OSP 7 plus, and this is a place where I think certainly the combination of having a very, very strong product organization with a very, very strong channel should lead to outsized results down the road.
ScottBerg: Super helpful. Thanks guys. Then I guess just as a quick follow-up by Jawad, the company's posted four straight quarters of greater than 25% revenue growth which is a nice acceleration from the 12-month period before that. You guys calls for 15% revenue growth in the third quarter, is that just some being conservative in the current lights and micro environment or you see anything else that's maybe tempering that guidance just a little bit? Thank you.
JawadAhsan: Yes. I'll tack team this Josh with you if that's all right, but we have a plan and operating plan for the year that informed our guidance. And that still pretty much informs what we're managing to. We outperformed in Q1 and Q2, we were very happy with the performance of our business and our sales team. The investments we've been making in international has been really paying off; some of these new markets, new products but we don't obviously bank on that and so we feel that it's prudent to stick relatively close to what our operating plan is which inform the 15% guidance.
Josh Isner: Yes. Ultimately there are going to be some quarters that have higher revenue growth rates than others. And we feel good about full year. We feel good about kind of our long-term trajectory, but we do view this year as being back half weighted compared to the front half. And it just might be an issue between what comes in at Q3 and what comes in at Q4 of our kind of large CW deal pipeline.
AndreaJames: Thanks team and also in the back half just on a comparables the percentages are lower but the dominant dollar is much higher is what Josh means on that. Thanks Scott for your questions. Okay, we'll turn to Charlie Anderson at Dougherty. Go ahead Charlie.
CharlieAnderson: Thanks. So I wanted to ask about bookings; it was very interesting to see the bookings transit very much reflects what we're seeing in the business in terms of international strong domestic not as strong. I wonder is that just a snapshot in time or is that the way we should think about the trajectory of the business in terms of international continuing to put up the big performance and domestic maybe trailing the performance on a year-over-year basis. And then secondly, you made a comment in bookings about the first few weeks of the quarter better than April. I wonder if you could just layer in some context in terms of what that means from your standpoint and what's going on there? And I got follow-up.
LukeLarson: Yes. Thanks Charlie. We've got a lot of domestic sales people and leaders on the call here that hopefully are motivated by that question and we certainly expect a great back half from our domestic and international teams. I think there was, if you look back at it we lost about half the Q2 due to the pandemic shutdown; everyone was trying to figure out how to conduct like city council meetings and really conduct business on Zoom for the first time. And that certainly slowed down some of our momentum in the first half of Q2 and then really in June, we lost about two weeks due to the kind of civil unrest and the events that followed the killing of George Floyd. So I would look at Q2 more as just kind of a unique point in time due to some external factors that slowed us down a little domestically, but we have high expectations of our team and they're very motivated to turn that trend around in Q3 both domestically and internationally.
CharlieAnderson: Okay. Great. Another question about the fleet product, there were some points in the shareholder letter about the importance of that product in the back half. So I wonder we can see what the run rate has been the past few quarters of the existing product. I'm curious if you can maybe help us with expectations for how much of a contributor that is. Does it lift to a meaningfully higher level than we've seen historically? Just any context around that launch would be helpful. Thanks.
JawadAhsan: So I think from a booking's perspective, we do expect fleet three to be a contributor in the back half of the year. I think there's still some question about shipping fleet three and shipments depending on how well the TNES [Indiscernible] 0:33:00.4 go might end up in the front half of 2021 as opposed to the back half of 2020. We don't expect that to have much of an impact on revenue and bookings like I said given the fact that we'll be doing TNES contribute to bookings that we feel great about Fleet 2 has really stabilized in the last couple quarters in terms of customer satisfaction and so forth. And we're excited to build on that momentum as we launch Fleet 3, certainly the ALPR and modular capabilities of Fleet 3 where we can do 360 degree recording around the car and so forth are things our customers are excited about. And we absolutely are confident that we're going to get a great customer reaction from this product and be followed by bookings and revenue associated with it.
LukeLarson: And just add one clarifying comment there. So we're going to be in some pretty in-depth trials in the back after this year but we don't expect to be in full production ramp of Fleet 3 until 2021 and that's where we'll see the real growth contribution.
JawadAhsan: And the key Josh mentioned this in addition to it being our best ever in-vehicle camera system straight up as camera system it will also be the launch, as we've said before of our approach, our pretty disruptive and novel approach to the automatic license plate recognition category and mobile where fundamentally it's different than the way it's done today in the market by being disruptively more affordable and better more cost effective for better performance and results by making it a thing that departments can put in every single police vehicle as opposed to a small number of very expensive purpose-built cameras. And of course no matter how good any one camera is it can only be in one place. And then you combine that with it being built from the ground up with ethics and privacy in mind. And our strategic partnership with flock safety for a similar approach for fixed ALPR cameras. We really think it's a watershed change in the way ALPR as a category will work.
AndreaJames: We'll move to Mark Strauss from JP Morgan. Go ahead Mark.
MarkStrauss: Hey. Thanks, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions, pretty impressive international growth the last couple quarters just kind of curious are you -- what trends you're seeing as far as those customers signing up for recurring payment plans. Are these really just kinds of one-off purchases?
Josh Isner: Hey, Mark. Great to see you again and thanks for the questions. So ultimately, I think it's a combination of a few things. Certainly as we open up new international markets, those first time orders are probably not going to be on recurring payment plans. That's due to our -- we want to make sure we have the ability to collect on all these plans and when we enter markets for the first time, we'd like to see some payment history there first. So that those will be kind of one-time contributors to revenue and we expect those to continue from newer markets, as well as markets making their second and third buys in their Taser programs. The teams have done an awesome job especially in the UK, in Canada driving most of our new deals towards subscriptions. In the UK, I believe almost every or every department is already on a Taser payment plan as opposed to one-time purchases. I think we'll see more of that in Australia over the next 12-months as T-7 starts to get legs there and same in Canada. And so I think in our more established international markets, we'll definitely see more recurring payments on CWS and video alike. And in our newer kind of first and second time buyer type markets those will be driven by more one-time revenue transactions there as we ship those new weapons,
MarkStrauss: Okay. Thanks Josh and then Rick, this is the highest cash balance that you've had in a long time maybe ever. Can you just talk about your plans for that cash? I mean obviously there are a lot of organic investments that you've been talking about for last several quarters, but how should we think about M&A? How important is that going to be going forward now with this cash -- true that you have?
RickSmith: Yes. I got it. I can't help but smile. I remember the days we were struggling to pay the light bill and putting stuff on credit cards. And now we've got almost $700 million in cash. I would also say that historically as I'm a skeptic on M&A that I think I'm a Chicago school guy, markets are pretty efficient, M&A a lot of times it always drives up the price of the acquired frequently to the detriment of the acquirer and we still approach M&A from that position that it has to be unquestionably more valuable as a part of our ecosystem than as a standalone in order for an acquisition to make sense for all the headaches that come with integrating different companies. That being said, I think we are in a unique position where we have built and we now have this fairly ubiquitous cloud software and connected hardware ecosystem that make things like partnerships flock safety become pretty powerful, as well as we are really building out our M&A function; it's actually under Andréa James who's doing a fantastic job. We've been building out a team but either we get a ton of inbound inquiries and the vast majority of the time we say no because we are on a mission. We've got a lot of focus but we are starting to see -- there are things that will be interesting partnerships and there are some things that could be interesting acquisitions. And we have plenty of cash to have the flexibility to do it when it makes sense, but just want to reassure you we start from the position of no and that we have to overcome some pretty skeptical hurdles before we're going to spend the money, you our shareholders gave us; we're going to treat it very carefully. As if it's the same money I was using to pay those late bills 25 years ago.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeremy Hamblin with Craig Hallum. Thanks Jeremy. Go ahead.
JeremyHamblin: Thanks Andréa. So my question is actually a follow-up really on that cash balance and what you potentially could do with it. You've built some inventory here; you have some clients that may be strapped a little bit in the near term on cash flow. Do you use some of that cash to potentially do kind of Taser 60 type financing here where we look to bridge the gap in the near term while there may be some budget crunch and that's one of the uses of cash?
RickSmith: Yes. I'll start with this one. So one of the things I love about our cash balance in our position our balance sheet is the optionality it provides us and Jeremy you've honed in on a couple of things that we've been able to do with that optionality. One is of course the inventory build; it was a material amount of cash in the quarter. We felt like it was the right thing to do. So it positions us really well to be able to deliver the much-needed products to our customers. In the back half of the year and beyond and then on the payment plans which you know you touched upon Josh first brought this up when the coronavirus really started becoming problematic for our customers. There were concerns about budgets and we talked about, hey, look we're signing up multi-year contracts with our customers. We have long-standing relationships with them. We're going to have relationships that with them that will extend far beyond the coronavirus and so we want to make sure that we're doing right by them. And it's easier for us to get flexible on payment terms to help bridge them to a time when they are no longer -- they don't have concerns about budget and so when you have 5-10 year contracts you can get creative and that's what we've done; it's been fairly on a smaller scale. It's been fairly negligible across the entire portfolio of contracts, but it is something that we've offered in select cases.
Josh Isner: Yes. I would just add to that and say like ultimately while there have been some data points to suggest individual customers asking for kind of a rework of their accounts receivable; it hasn't been very widespread. I personally attribute this to the fact that we have customers that are paying for value that we are delivering across our product lines; and we haven't seen any of these kind of ask like to push payments out multiple years or to not pay us for them anything for the next couple years. I think ultimately our customers are seeing value and what we're delivering and we're very honored to continue to provide that value to this market and only in very kind of edge cases have we had to entertain situations like that.
JeremyHamblin: Great and then just a follow-up question here on your progress on federal contracts. In terms of thinking about the negotiations in those contracts; the tenure of the contracts. Are you seeing them extend longer when you're having discussions? Is it still somewhat early in the ramp of that channel of business? Are they looking to start shorter contracts and see how it goes and then get into some longer deals? Just any color you can share on progression there?
Josh Isner: Sure thing. So a gentleman by the name of Richard Coleman has just done a fantastic job over the last couple of years building up our federal pipeline. And for the first time we are seeing customers willing to engage in multi-year engagements with us on both body cameras, but also on the Taser side. So we're very excited. There are -- it's not always easy to get federal customers to buy hardware and kind of annual phases as opposed to one-time purchases. So we're learning a little there and there is some of that but other federal agencies are heavily engaged in these five-year plans for both weapons and video. Federal takes time; it's a slog but for the first time in really 10 years here, I feel like we're starting to break through and crack the code of how to work with federal customers and that's largely due to Richard's contributions and hopefully we start to see a lot of that growth materialize over the next couple years here.
AndreaJames: I think we want to get at least I think four more analysts. So we'll keep this going here. Jonathan Ho from William Blair. Go ahead Jonathan.
JonathanHo: Okay. Can you hear me okay? Great. So just relative to I guess the current budget environment are you seeing traditional RFP processes perhaps start to stall and could that maybe open up some more opportunities for you to disrupt the traditional I guess RFP driven acquisition process for our RMS CAD?
LukeLarson: Yes, great question, John. Then I think ultimately I haven't seen a huge change in procurement methods. I think some agencies still are issuing our fees; others are issuing so sources and others are issuing more like cooperative procurements or piggybacking off of other contracts that are already in place. And so I'm not sure a ton has changed there. I think the big thing for us is to focus on OSP 7 plus adoption because in that event the customer is already essentially getting the opportunity to deploy our RMS in that bundle and so the more we drive up OSP 7 plus procurements the more agencies are exposed to kind of our enterprise software before they make a formal buying decision. And so that's kind of how we're looking at things in terms of CAD and RMS. And I think that strategy is paying off. And we're seeing a lot of interest in those products via that purchasing mechanism. And certainly every day that goes by we're also getting closer to being ready to compete in RFPs for CAD and RMS to see Baltimore issued an RFI for RMS and we were victorious over some competitors that we have a lot of respect for in this market. So we're excited about where this business is going.
JonathanHo: Got it and then just one for Jawad in terms of the decision to increase inventory, can you maybe give us a little bit more color in terms of what types of components you had concerns around and maybe what risks you're seeing around the supply chain? Thank you.
LukeLarson: Yes. Maybe I'd lead off on that and then Jawad could add some additional context. So as we looked at really our kind of next 6 to 12 months based on our previous experience with really adjusting for tariffs. We wanted to make sure that we were going to be able to supply our customers with key products for two major upgrades AB3 as well as Taser 7. And so we made the decision to add additional inventory to ensure that we would have product on hand for those in addition to making sure that we would have a good buffer for any potential supply chain disruptions due to COVID. We also have a couple really, really big orders coming in Q3 that are kind of outside the context of our normal inventory build. I would let you know the majority of that inventory is going into finished goods, which is something that me and Josh Isner feel really strongly about, if we can build it up into a finished product; we're going to find a home for it. 
JawadAhsan: Yes, the only other thing I'd add from a financial standpoint. This doesn't happen often but there have been times when we've left revenue on the table at the end of a quarter because we didn't have inventory. And that's not a great thing to have happen especially when you've got the flexibility with our balance sheet to be able to have a bit of an inventory buffer. And so that's what we've committed to in addition to the factors that Luke mentioned, we never want to be in a position where we leave revenue on the table.
AndreaJames: We'll take a question now from Will Power at Baird. Go ahead, Will.
WilliamPower: Okay. Great. Thanks. Rick you suggested that it doesn't sound like we're seeing too much of a negative impact from some of the police defunding initiatives today. But I wonder if you could comment now that we're in the back half of the year on some of the early discussions with respect to municipal budgets, agency budgets for 2021. What's your sense for their expectations and how that could potentially blow through, if at all?
RickSmith: Yes. I'm actually going to hand back to Josh because I think Josh is a little closer to the budgeting side of things. Josh, would you take that one?
Josh Isner: Yes. Sure. So I appreciate the question. I think there has been some a reaction from some customers in this regard right. Like if you're a major city that relies heavily on tourism then certainly that's going to have an impact on how you think about budgeting for the next year. The good news here though is that customers are viewing our products as mission critical products; like the customers ,there's no willingness to not outfit police with tasers or body cams and of course computer-aided dispatch and RMS are also in that bucket. So I think there is some impact to budgets overall, but when you kind of look at it in terms of is there impact to the budgets that then impacts the products that customers buy from us. I'd say that's a lot less of the case.
LukeLarson: Yes and I would just add another point there. I think if you look at our business maybe 10 years ago or even eight years ago, we were really dependent on one core market, our domestic market with one core product. And today we've got a lot of diversification not only in our product lines but also our geographical and even different market segments. And so as we see some puts and takes in different segments or products, we are seeing the evidence with international and some of these early other segments; we still feel really confident there.
WilliamPower: Okay, well, it's good to hear. I guess just a quick follow-up question maybe circling back to international given the strength you've had last couple of quarters, any comments you can make with respect to pipeline from here? I'm guessing a lot of those deals you announced this quarter last when the pipeline prior to COVID, how much has COVID impacted in your ability to sell there? How does that then look over the next several quarters?
LukeLarson: Yes. Thanks a lot. So there is going to be some lumpiness in international quarter-to-quarter, but on a year by year basis we still expect very encouraging double-digit growth out of our international revenue. COVID, it's impacted our ability to travel but in most of our key markets now we've got teams on the ground; so it's not like folks are having to travel on planes region to region. We do have teams built out in a lot of key places and distributors supporting us in a lot of key places. So ultimately the work that's gone into international started three -four years ago and so the things that are impacting the quarter results. These are things that teams have been working on for quarters and quarters already. So I would expect there's going to be some lumpiness in revenue quarter-to-quarter internationally, but I do have a lot of confidence that we're trending in a very, very strong direction both in terms of bookings and revenue internationally.
AndreaJames: We'll take our next question from Brian Gesuale at Raymond James. Go ahead, Brian.
BrianGesuale: Thanks Andréa. Just wanted to ask a question on the net retention rate, which was a really good metric up 119% of net dollars. Can you maybe provide a little bit of color on how we might think of that between additional seats versus additional functionality that drives the incremental ARPU? And how we might want to think about that mix as we move forward?
JawadAhsan: Yes. I'll start with that one. So that's a metric that we wanted to introduce for some time now; it's something we've been tracking for a while and we felt confident that you have enough data and enough sort of a history there to be able to start to publish it. And we feel very confident that number will hopefully tick up over time it's a dollar retention; it's not a user retention and so as our -- as we sign more OSP 7 plus contracts, which are of course at a much higher ARPU that number will start to tick up. We, at this point don't disclose ARPU because there's a lot of noise in that number certainly between domestic and international, but even within domestic we have different customers at different stages. So we're not yet ready to disclose the ARPU number. Does that help Brian? Is that what you're looking for?
BrianGesuale: Yes. That's perfect. Maybe just to follow up a little bit. I wanted to just kind of revisit the gross margin kind of assumption for the third quarter. And I know you're not going beyond that but how might we think about the duration of these headwinds that you mentioned? I'm sure they're not all on a similar rhythm, but how we think they lift over time?
JawadAhsan: Yes. Our expectation is that the one that we mentioned specifically for Q3 will be resolved within Q3; there may be a little bit of spillover into Q4 but it'll be on the order of magnitude of a couple of weeks. It's not going to materially impact Q4 and so at this point our best sort of outlook there is that it's going to be resolved within Q3. And then there are other, I wouldn't necessarily call them a headwind but we're still working very hard to get our gross margins up in the hardware business. That's something that obviously the more software we bring online that business is printing at 80% plus gross margin. So as more of our business shifts to software, our gross margins will lift there naturally.
AndreaJames: Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer. We'll take your question.
AndrewUerkwitz: Great. Thank you, guys. I appreciate the time. Could you help me understand that based on our research many of your RMS wins are more similar to the module, similar to what I think Jeff mentioned with Baltimore with the use of force. I assume the expectation is this will lead to kind of a rip and replace for the entire system. So one, am I thinking about this correctly? And then two, how does the accounting and pricing work over the life of a contract for a city that goes this route? And then lastly, kind of in that context Baltimore signed an OSP-7 contract a year ago and then they just recently announced that RMS module. Does that contract get reset? Does it get extended when something like that happens? There's ASP go up at that point, could you talk a little bit about the accounting and dynamics of when that happens? Thank you.
RickSmith: Sure. I'll lead off overall and then let the other guys chime in. So first on the product point, we're like we said we're seeing a great pipeline of both committed existing commitments as well as the pipeline from here, both for full records deployments meaning the full replace of their legacy RMS, as well as standards which is that first module. And so for example just Baltimore since they've already made it public that's a commitment to move to records in its entirety and to fully replace their legacy RMS and we're seeing -- we are ahead of our expectations with RMS and we're seeing -- we are ahead of our expectations on the pipeline there, as well as of course a larger number of the standards ones. So we're seeing success on both and again ultimately our goal and we're confident of this outcome is that we're ultimately going to be on track to become the number one in this category for full records and standards is just a great part of the path to get there, because it's such an easy first step for getting for a given agency to take. And then I'll let Jawad give more color but fundamentally on the accounting, again specifically with regard to OSP 7 plus it is part of this overall primification of the way that public safety buys this technology, where just like for a subscription service like that where you are buying a thing that has many benefits to it regardless of whether and when you choose to adopt any given benefit.
JawadAhsan: Yes then as far as how the accounting works, the revenue recognition; so we allocate a portion of the overall bundle to records and that portion we start recognizing once the customer has gone live. And let me stop there. Is that what you're looking for?
AndrewUerkwitz: Yes. I think so and it -- does the contract reset then so like Baltimore signed for OSP-7, were they paying 199 a year ago or were they paying less than that and now that they're rolling out RMS, now they're moving up to that full price and because they kick that in there does that reset the contract where now it's five years from now as opposed to five years from a year ago?
Josh Isner: So they're -- the price they paid last year is the same they paid this year with a couple notable exceptions. The first of which is the professional services to deploy RMS is a separate contract. So once they're ready to deploy, they would pay us for the professional services. The second one is they're going to add or they have added some more users because the OSP 7 plus often covers sworn officers that are carrying body cams and tasers but ultimately they're going to need more users to administer a lot of the elements of an RMS system and see that data and work with reports and so forth. So we do expect some user uptick as agencies start to deploy RMS. The third one is in Baltimore's case they actually did extend their contract as well to co term with some of their other items they have with us. And I think they extended out a couple years as part of that. So those are all dynamics that we expect to see, but I think the most important thing is we're betting on ourselves to be able to upsell additional new features outside of OSP 7 plus; two agencies that are deploying our RMS, so transcription is a great example of this. And Baltimore paid us additional monies per user to deploy transcription as part of their RMS service. And so for us, I think we do envision some of these kinds of value-added features on top of the OSP 7 deliverables as upsell opportunities as agencies deploy RMS.
AndreaJames: We're going to go a little over and thanks guys for your patience. We'll take our next question that might be our final question from Pavan Kumar from Northland. 
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Hi, guys. Can you hear me? Yes. I disabled my video because I'm having some internet connectivity issue. Thanks for taking my questions. Regarding R&D and SG&A spending as a percentage of revenue in second half and 2021, which areas or products would get most focus?
JawadAhsan: Yes. I'll start with that and Jeff if you'd like to weigh in. So right now the majority of our R&D is being spent on software. We're very excited about what we've got in the pipeline from a software standpoint. As you saw quarter-to-quarter, our SG&A was actually flat and our R&D grew and that was very much by design. Our R&D growth well-based revenue growth this year, but at some point we have long-term targets that we've set of 30% on EBITDA and the way that we're going to get there is by allowing more of the revenue growth to fall to the bottom line. But overall the investments we're making in R&D we think are going to help pay off over a long horizon and get our -- keep our revenue growth rate above 20%.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Great and regarding competition like who are the competitors we are seeing most on the record city?
JawadAhsan: Sorry -- with records competition, if I heard you correctly?
UnidentifiedAnalyst: Yes.
Josh Isner: Yes. I think there are some competitors that I would characterize as companies that have been in the records business for a long time and a lot of them are incumbents and we have a lot of respect for those companies. We certainly believe kind of our new innovative approach to records will lead to customer adoption in times away from some of those products like we saw in Baltimore. And there are new entrants to the space as well and ultimately like with the combination of our channel coupled with the amount of investment and talent we're bringing on the product side. We think that we're really well positioned for the long term. I think for the newer competitors; certainly, they have more constraints around channel and spend than we might. And for some of the incumbent competitors they probably have a little more constraint around servicing existing customers as opposed to really innovating quickly. And so we view ourselves as a really disruptive entrant into this market. And we're very hopeful that we can become the market leader in due time.
LukeLarson: Yes. That's right. I mean I think, first, we really like to say that we obsess first and foremost about our customers; we're happy to have our competitors obsess about us, but we like to focus on the customer. But exactly as Josh said overall both the legacy providers, as well as some of the new ones, Axon just has a pretty unique combination of assets that makes us different both in the legacy incumbents and the newer startups because the legacy incumbents are simply not Cloud forced, Cloud first and born in the cloud and you fundamentally can't deliver the kinds of results that the departments of today and tomorrow need without being born in the cloud. And on the other hand, the newer startups simply don't have the network of sensors and signals that are connected into services that can also do the same thing. We're really the only company that has that combination of both, which is why we're so excited about where we're ultimately going to deliver for customers in this category.
Andrea James: I think that's all of our questions. I'm just looking at all of your screens here. Okay, let's have Rick close us out.
Rick Smith: All right. We're a little over. So let's keep it quick. Thank you everybody for joining us. We're confident we'll all look back on 2020 is the time that's set in motion. The next wave of policing reform and the next leg of growth for Axon. We hope to stay safe, healthy, and sane during this period of continued disruption. And we look forward to updating you on our progress against our mission in November. And don't forget to come to our Accelerate in a couple weeks. And you'll see a lot more detail on our product roadmap. Thanks and bye.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-07 17:00:00) =====
Andrea James: [Call Starts Abruptly] 2020 earnings conference webinars. I’m Andrea James, Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you for joining us today. Today we have available Axon CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner; and Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. We’re really pleased to bring you the whole team. This team has done dozens of earnings calls together as a public company, but this is the first one where we’re all in a different location. Just like you, we’re all adapting. And we thank our analysts and our investor’s for joining us today over Zoom. We do appreciate that today is a particularly crowded earnings day and I know there’s a lot of calls going on right now. Our company has really embraced video conferencing technology to keep connected. We’re using custom Zoom backgrounds today and you’ll see seven of them with our executives. Five of the backgrounds are actual offices of Axon, all around the world, and then two of them are not real backgrounds. So if our analysts, if you’re joining us today, if you want to guess at which backgrounds are not real, we’ll send you some Axon flag if you get it right. Okay, so today, first management will give prepared remarks and then we will bring our analysts on camera for questions. Analysts, your lines will be muted until it’s time to ask a question. Please ask two questions and if you have a follow-up you can let us know via the chat window. We’ll circle back around depending on time. Axon’s moderators, Mark, Doug and Angel will be unmuting your lines when we call on you. And if you get into trouble, type your question in the chat window and we’ll read it aloud. I hope you’ve all had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com and our remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that robust letter. If for some reason there is an internet outage beyond our control or we lose Zoom connectivity, we’ll make every effort to post a copy of our prepared remarks to investor.axon.com this evening. During this call we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on the predictions and expectations as of today. They are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. All right, now let’s hear from Rick.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Thanks, Andrea, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. We last spoke to you on our Q4 update call on February 27, and what now feels like a very different world, where people ate in restaurants and flew to business meetings and vacations. Three days later we curbed all non-essential travel for our employees, but our message to our team was very clear that we may curb travel or work from home; it does not mean that we are reducing the vigor with which we pursue our mission. Far from it, we are aggressively adapting to new conditions in the world as we Zoom into all our meetings and we will seek opportunities to use this changing environment to leverage our superior adaptability to gain ground against less agile competitors. In the past weeks, Axon has brought forth some major initiatives to address this crisis, including giving free global access to Axon Citizen for the remainder of 2020, and using our supply chain to source PPE for first responders in a nationwide campaign and partnership with the National Police Foundation, which even got the attention of Vice President, Pence, who tweeted about it. A large number of Axon employees donated money or personal time to this cause. Our first responders still face significant risks and we are continuing to match donations for PPE. If you, our investors, are able to support the cause, please do. Help us protect those who keep us safe. Go to axon.com/covid and scroll down and hit the Donate Now button. Even though I’ve been working from home and getting a lot more time with my kids, including some pedicures for my daughter, Fortnite lessons from my son and helping film product demos with my teenager, I personally have had more face time with customers over Zoom than I’ve ever had, even in person. I’ve been doing about five different Zoom customer meetings a day, and that’s far higher than was possible when we had to travel in person meetings. So my personal customer engagement velocity is way up. And Jawad and I will be attending more investor conferences this quarter than at any time in the past years as we can now Zoom into those as well. We’re proud to be thought leaders on driving technology adoption, and I’m pleased to see how well our customers have adapted to using this technology to be increasingly productive. I was on three customer meetings earlier today and most of them had never used video conferencing before the COVID crisis and now it’s become standard. Here’s what I’m learning from those customers and what they’re telling me. They’re working with reduced staff due to personnel being and safety. Customers are seeing this crisis. It’s forcing them to adapt and change more rapidly than ever and technology will play an even larger role as a cornerstone in every new business process needed in the world post-COVID. Whether it’s using Axon Citizen to gather evidence from the public or our prosecutor portal for sharing digital evidence with prosecutors and courts, the world is changing and Axon thrives on change. We’re even helping some key industry thought leadership group replaced their canceled conferences and move them online. Luckily we have a bit of a reputation for being both innovative and pretty good at throwing great events, so we’re loading our expertise to industry partners to help them thrive in this new world with us. Now let’s talk about the future. Our best estimates for the year remain unchanged and our pipeline remains strong. However, customers are relating to us that they’re facing large budget shortfalls and uncertainty in the macro environment unlike anything any of us who’ve ever seen. Currently our sales pipeline remains solid, but we cannot see over the horizon any better than the rest of you to know how the economy will shake out or if the federal government will step in to provide additional aid to state and local governments. Giving guidance implies a level of certainty that is simply not possible to ascertain right now. To be blunt, in an environment where we see so many companies acknowledging the uncertainties ahead by pulling formal guidance, we believe it would be most prudent to recharacterize our best estimates to acknowledge the higher than normal uncertainty. Hence, we’re telling shareholders that even though our business has been very resilient today and our best estimates have not changed, the level of uncertainty has increased to a level where we are no longer comfortable characterizing those estimates as guidance until the macro environment stabilizes. We don’t want to imply that we know something the rest of the world doesn’t, namely how the economy will unfold in the coming months. We do have Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner on the line, and during the Q&A he can speak to the strength of our pipeline if you’re interested. All that said, I couldn’t be more bullish on Axon. We are change agents. Our adaptability and innovation centric approaches are unique advantages for us when the world changes rapidly as this is happening right now. This isn’t the first time Axon has faced adversity. Myself, our President, our Chief Revenue Officer, we’re all together managing through the last recession from which we emerged far stronger. In 2008, as the financial crisis ripped the world, we decided to lean in and transform our entire business from being a simple TASER device manufacturing business into an integrated tech company making wearables and cloud software. That transition was anything than easy and we’ve had many difficult learning curves to overcome. But as competitors in the public safety space retreated, that’s exactly when we advanced into new opportunities and we established ourselves as the clear market leader in cloud hosted digital evidence management software and camera sensors. In the past year, we’ve now shipped two major software products, Axon Records, which is now live or signed with in-flight deployments at more than a dozen agencies; and Axon Dispatch, we just went live at our first customer. Today Axon is stronger than ever. We ended Q1 with nearly $400 million in cash and equivalents, zero debt and an underlying business that generates strong cash flow and high margin recurring revenues. Our Q1 revenue grew 27% year-over-year. And while net income was affected by stock-based compensation expense, our adjusted EBITDA more than doubled year-over-year to $30 million, reflecting a 20% margin. We have several moonshots in progress. Before this decade is out, we will launch a TASER weapon that will outperform a 9 millimeter pistol’s stopping power. We will continue to make policing transparent and effective. And we will extend our reach across the criminal justice system, making it both more fair and more efficient. We will continue to create great social value or society and great value for you, our shareholders. And with that, I’d like to turn the call over to our President, Luke Larson. Luke?
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. Since COVID as a leadership team, we’ve been laser-focused on three key priorities; number one, the health and safety of our employees; number two, doing our part to help flatten the curve; and number three, keeping key initiatives going to support our customers. I want to give a shout out to all of Axon’s employees. They’ve really stepped up the last two months. I want to give a specific shout out to Josh Goldman, our VP of Ops; Elizabeth Hart, who heads up our people team; and our entire IT team, for their ability to shift our entire workforce to work from home for all of our knowledge workers as well as keeping critical mission lines open with CDC recommended guidelines. These actions have allowed us to keep the business up and running to support our customers who are truly on the front lines. Early on in the crisis, we began receiving messages from law enforcement around the globe asking Axon if we will be shipping out TASER 7 and Axon Body 3. From major city police departments to small departments, many of our customers were anxiously awaiting to get their mission critical devices, making sure that our first responders have the tools that they need to keep communities safe was a key factor in our decision to keep mission critical manufacturing lines open. To keep our employ’s health and safety and to do our part to flatten occur, we added a lot of precautions and continued paying employees in high risk groups even though they couldn’t work. We detailed that in our shareholder letter and it compressed our TASER gross margins by 110 basis points. If there were no COVID-19, beyond our phenomenal Q1 results that kicked off a strong start to the year, the secondary headline this quarter would be that Axon Dispatch went live. This is a major milestone for our company and shows Axon’s ability to keep key initiatives going even throughout a global pandemic. We told you last quarter that we would be live by mid-year with our first paying Dispatch customer and we’re thrilled that we launched even a bit sooner. Dispatch is our entry into a $2 billion rapidly growing real-time command and control software market. We’re pretty thrilled to be powering the 911 dispatching operations for the city of Maricopa, which is our first launch partner. This software is also critical to our mission to protect life. It empowers everyone involved in an incident response, dispatchers, call takers, command, patrol officers, firefighters and medical personnel. The goal here is to shorten the time from hello to hello. That’s what the industry calls the time between when somebody first calls 911 to the time an officer arrives. Another key initiative for us is hiring, and I couldn’t be prouder of the hiring velocity that we’ve seen and we continue to accelerate particularly in this last quarter, as always leaning in rather than holding back. In particular, Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins, who’s on the call with us today, has rapidly filled key senior tech leadership roles including our new SVP of AI, VP of Digital Evidence Management, and our GM of Axon Air, and more while doubling down to rapidly grow our engineering bench with far raising talent in our global software hub in Seattle as well as in Vietnam and Scottsdale. I started out with a shout out to the Axon employees, and I want to end my section with another one. This is a great team that has really leaned in during the crisis to support each other as well as our customers. Thank you to all of our dedicated employees. And with that, I’ll turn it over to our CFO, Jawad Ahsan.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. The world has changed since our last earnings call, and the challenges we face today are unprecedented. As I reflect on our Q1 results and take stock of where we stand today, three words come to mind; pride, resilience, and confidence. We have made no secret of our love for our customers. I’m proud of the way we stepped up to source PPE for first responders in a nationwide campaign in partnership with the National Police Foundation. I’m proud of the way our employees contributed to that campaign. I’m even more proud of the way that our employees adapted to our new reality, continuing to work cohesively and productively, even with the distributed workforce. It’s a testament to the internal tools, systems and support infrastructure we’ve worked hard to put into place. At this stage in our growth, as an enterprise SaaS and connected device company, we have purposefully chosen to be aggressive with our investments and conservative with our balance sheet. This strategy has brought us the resilience that will allow us to weather the storm and emerge stronger than ever. Our investments in both product and channel are yielding exciting returns and our liquidity position is exceptionally strong. We are also seeing three trends emerging that add to our resilience. First, the current crisis is fostering discussions about cloud software usage with agencies that wouldn’t have previously considered it, and we’re demonstrating the value and utility of Axon Citizen to agencies across the globe. Second, we’re seeing more agencies move to Axon devices as standard issue, rather than pooling or sharing devices. And third, we’re seeing the federal government step in to bolster law enforcement budgets and committing stimulus to law and order spending, which may have benefits that outlast the crisis. Our go-to-market model is increasingly resilient, as we sell more products that agencies pay for out of their operating budgets rather than being treated as an unpredictable capital expense. And the majority of our revenue is tied to bundle recurring contracts, 71% in 2019. In our SaaS business, net revenue retention over the past six months has trended at about 120%. This has become an important metric for us in terms of how we look at the business and that is why we’re sharing it today. The metric captures two key factors; first, our annual churn is almost nil as our customers typically sign 5- to 10-year contracts, giving us more resilience and contracting than most other SaaS companies. In second, Axon retention recaptures that in any given year, some portion of our agency customers are upgrading their contracts to take advantage of all of the new software tools we have to offer. Some major cities are committing to SaaS upgrades with Axon at 300% of their prior contracts and that’s a testament again to our resilience, and to the value proposition we offer our customers. Finally, as we look out at the remainder of the year, we are feeling confident. We are withdrawing our guidance today for one reason, the full extent and impact of the current crisis on the markets we serve and on our business simply cannot be known at this time. What we do know is that we are evaluating a wide range of scenarios with respect to the potential ongoing impact of the pandemic and we feel confident in our ability to manage through this crisis. In fact, our internal 2020 goals that we’re managing to remain the same. In recent weeks, our federal and international pipelines have strengthened. We continue to hire bar-raising tech talent at an accelerating pace, and we continue to execute upon a robust pipeline closing large, multimillion dollar, multi-year officer’s safety plan contracts. These are uncertain times, and our customers and employees are being impacted in significant ways. We’re grateful to all of our employees around the world who continue to show incredible commitment to our mission, ingenuity and resolving their execution. While we’re facing unprecedented adversity today, one thing is for sure, our best days are still ahead of us. With that, I’ll turn it over to Andrea to take us through the questions.
A - Andrea James: Thanks, Jawad. Moderators, can you bring everybody up onto camera view? Analysts, we want to see your pretty faces. Can you turn on your cameras? Okay. Our first question – thank you. Our first question is from Scott Berg at Needham.
Rick Smith: Hey, Scott. Go ahead with your questions.
Scott Berg: Hi, thanks. This is a little different for Q&A. Hope everyone is doing well. Apologize, I was a couple of minutes late to the call. So I’ll ask a redundant question I guess. You’ll see it in my face at least. So I guess a couple questions. On the net revenue retention metric that Jawad just gave, at 120%. Good metric. Thank you for disclosing it. Can you help us understand how that compares maybe over the last couple of three years in terms of trending? Has that been around that 120%? Has that been up? Has that been down? That would be helpful.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. Scott, it’s been around that. It’s one of the reasons that we’ve started to disclose it is that it’s stable, it’s been stable enough over the past few quarters that we’ve decided to start disclosing it. It’s something that we’re very proud of.
Scott Berg: Got it. And then from a follow-up question perspective, the inventory increase was something in the prescriptive remarks that kind of caught my eye. At least, how high do you think inventory levels go over the next couple of three quarters? I think it’s approved move that you’re doing, obviously, given the uncertainty around some of the global trade components there. But does that reach a really large level? And are you doing it because you’ve seen issues or you just kind of protecting yourself from that opportunity?
Luke Larson: Hey, Scott, great question. We have a big upgrade cycle ahead of us with TASER 7 as well as AB 3 in addition to expanding in adjacent markets corrections as well as international expansion. And so we went through an exhaustive exercise to say what is the right level of inventory for us to make sure that we can fulfill customer demand, de-risk our supply chain, and also have enough for these expansions. That actually ended up being a great strategy and has helped us in the last few months. We’re going through another analysis now to see what the right levels are throughout year-end. We want to ensure that we’re managing our free cash flow, but also have the right inventory levels to support customer fulfillment.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. And I want to add, Scott, to that just so how to think about it from a financial perspective. It is going to be something that’s going to be a fairly material use of cash this year. We think it’s the right thing to do for the reasons that Luke mentioned. But that’s one of the advantages that we’ve got with the balance sheet that we have to be able to be in a position to fund that inventory built.
Scott Berg: Great, that’s all I have. I’ll jump back into the queue here. Congrats, again.
Andrea James: Thanks so much, guys. And we’re going to take our next question from Charlie Anderson at Dougherty.
Charlie Anderson: Great. Can you guys hear me all right?
Rick Smith: Yes
Charlie Anderson: Excellent. Well, congrats on a great strong start to the year. I want to do, it sounds like just to characterize things that sounds like you’re not seeing the effects of COVID-19 as of yet on the pipeline, the demand profile. I want to make sure that that’s correct, that you haven’t seen any push outs or cancellations at this point. Just want to sort of characterize what you’re seeing in real time as far as those conversations as cities are evaluating the revenue.
Josh Isner: Hi, Charlie, that’s a great question. Before I answer, and I’ll come right back to it, I just want to acknowledge Breann Leath who is an officer out of Indianapolis Metro Police Department, and we’ve been very active in supporting the department and her. She passed away in April due to a officer involved shooting and very sad time for one of our longest standing customers, and we just want to acknowledge her and her family. We also want to acknowledge all of the first responders around the world, who didn’t have the luxury of sheltering-in-place or quarantining, and are out on the front lines putting themselves and their families at risk every day. And we’re here to support our customers, and our thoughts and prayers are with them during this time. Now as it pertains to pipeline, and it is accurate to say there have been some minor adjustments to the pipeline. We are hearing on a qualitative basis that some agencies do expect impacts on their budgets. And there’s tax revenues that are in question and so forth, as well as federal support for state and local. On the flip side, we’re also hearing from some customers that COVID is the reason they’re thinking about going to standard issue for our product. So whether it’s body cams or TASER, one way to limit contamination is not sharing equipment and we’re hearing that sentiment as well. And so I think there’s a little on both sides here. So there’s nothing material either way at this point that we view as a major disruption to the pipeline. But we do have respect for the unprecedented risk that exists right now with COVID. And so we’re certainly focused on executing, fulfilling all of our goals this year and continuing to build our long-term pipeline, not only in terms of state and local, but also federal, international and some of our newer channels as well. Thanks very much.
Andrea James: Charlie, do you have a follow-up? We can unmute, if you have one. Yes.
Charlie Anderson: Yes. Great, I do. Yes. So thank you for all that color. So, I guess I was also curious to, as it relates to software. So on Records and on Dispatch, I wonder if this presents potentially an opportunity for you guys as it relates to your pricing strategy relative to the incumbents there. So as you sort of consider the pressures that they may be under, I’m sort of curious that that creates any opportunities that you’re seeing. Yes, so thanks.
Josh Isner: Yes. To some extent, certainly we view this as an opportunity. We continue to invest, we’re investing in the channel and the product, and we are using creative ways to continue to connect with our customers more virtually than ever. I think with or without COVID, we still feel like we are certainly a force to be reckoned with, both on the product side and the channel side in any new product that we’re investing in and bringing to market. And so we’re definitely confident in the long-term that we’re going to be very, very competitive in all of these markets, whether it’s DMS, CAD, RMS and so forth.
Charlie Anderson: Great. Thanks, guys.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would actually have – it’s okay, I want to add one thing here. I don’t know that COVID has impacted so much, but I would say my confidence in our strategy and how we approach developing software products is getting stronger by the day and sort of key element of our strategies. We decided not to try to go broad to win the battle of the RFPs with 800 check boxes, but to really build fantastic user-centric software that does the things those officers do every day really, really well. And that allows through our list officers – safety plan officers to try elements of the system and basically win through a fantastic user experience. And I think long-term that sets us up to have a really strong market position by focusing on the things that ultimately it makes it a great experience for the cops in the field. And that strategy appears to be playing out as every time they’re touching our software, we’re hearing, oh wow! Like this is a great experience and we have procurement plans that allow them to start small and expand with us.
Charlie Anderson: Thanks.
Andrea James: Okay. So our next question will come from Jonathan Ho at William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Hi. Can you hear me okay?
Andrea James: Yes.
Rick Smith: Yes.
Jonathan Ho: Perfect. One of the things I wanted to understand a little bit better is, with the new CAD system that you’re rolling out, can you talk a little bit about maybe the feature set and what segment of the market that you’re potentially targeting? Since there’s pretty much a high-end, mid range and low-end of the market, just want to get a sense of what you guys are looking at with that system.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, absolutely. Great question. So first, the first thing I say is we’re incredibly excited to be live in the market with our first happy customer in Maricopa and Chief Stahl. And at the end of 2020, just to put it in context, for this first year, our goal is to be GA with a product, that’s a fantastic fit for a significant percentage of U.S. agencies, live and/or active deployments with the next handful of customers beyond Maricopa and we en route to steadily growing SAM coverage with strong sales pipelines match. And so specifically what that means to your question is in the same way that for records in RMS, kind of the unit of currency for building up coverage of which customers for which you are a great fit for what they need, which we’re now well on our journey and continuing to accelerate on. For CAD, the main dimensions are, one, whether a given jurisdiction, the key staff that serves the jurisdiction only serves law enforcement dispatch or also serves fire and EMS. And then the second primary dimension is whether it’s serving a single jurisdiction at a time or if it’s an aggregated piece that serves multiple jurisdictions at once. And so what you’ll see on there, same kind of playbook we’ve been doing with Records is starting with a whole great product for a subset of agencies that fit in one of those, so specifically like single jurisdiction law enforcement only, and then we’ll progressively from there becoming an awesome, excellent excessive tranche for potential customers. So that’s our overall approach. Of course, it’s early days, I’m very confident to Rick’s point that over time Axon will probably be the number one share leader in both Records and Dispatch. And then along the way, we’re going to wind up up-leveling the buying criteria for these categories to be much more about end-to-end agency productivity in the case of records and real-time operations in the case of CAD. So it’s a multi-year journey, no one should have any illusions it’s going to be overnight. But just as Rick said, customers are loving what we’re building, they’re loving the OSP 7 Plus bundling approach and the way that makes things easier to buy and adopt. And those two together are helping us state where the market is going.
Jonathan Ho: Fantastic. And just as a follow-up, with some of the potentially challenging macro environments that are coming up, how do you think about balancing between operating leverage and maybe investing when your competition cannot? Any color there would be helpful. Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. Jonathan, that’s a great question and that’s something we actually very purposefully went into 2020 with. Our budget for the year, we had disclosed in our previous guidance is that this is a year in which we’re getting very aggressive about making investments in the R&D team and our product team in our sales channel. A lot of the open positions that we have are geared towards those groups as we’re seeking to very aggressively, put the pedal to the metal and try to continue to grow, bring these products to market, continue to expand our footprint. And it’s because of the proof points that we’ve seen in products like Records in some of the international markets that we’ve started to enter is that we’re going to double down on those debts.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Andrea James: Okay. And do you have a follow-up? Okay, great. Our next question will come from Keith Housum at Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum: Good morning, everybody. Probably this question is for Josh. Josh, the international sales was very good this quarter. I was hoping you could provide a perspective. Is that more widespread across the board or was it targeted with just a few different agencies? And the second, what’s our strength in software and sensors or the weapons business, but some more color there.
Josh Isner: Yes, sure, and thank you for the question, Keith. So I would characterize it as, look, two or three years ago, we made large investments in our international channel. We were seeing success at that point in Tier 1 markets, but outside of Tier 1 we were having very little success. And as we look at not only the Q1 results, but also the pipeline for the rest of the year, I’m feeling really good that that investment of a couple of years ago is really starting to pay off. And so while Q1 Tier 1 countries were strong in terms of revenue on the CEW side, we also saw some meaningful contributions from Tier 2 and rest of the world, and I expect those to continue throughout 2020, I think especially on the CEW side, we’re starting to see a lot of that work that the team’s been putting in coming to fruition.
Keith Housum: Great, thanks. And then just as a follow-up. Jawad, maybe if I could go back to a commentary I thought you guys said before, was there a pressure of 110 basis points on gross margins for, I guess, if I heard correctly, paying for employees during the COVID time. And then is that going to continue on into the second quarter?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. We’re not going to disclose to what degree it’s going to weigh on margins, but it is going to weigh on margins in Q2. This is one of the trickiest things about not issuing guidance. We still are, as I mentioned earlier, managing to our internal estimates, which had formed the basis for our previous guidance. On the flip side, we’re also seeing savings, right. People aren’t traveling as much. There were some programs that we had committed to that we’re not going to be able to do in person now and there’s some cost savings that are associated with that. So while we are going to be impacted to a slightly larger degree in Q2 than what we saw in Q1, we also are going to see savings that are going to offset it.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thanks, Keith. We did come – a question came in from the public, anonymously actually. And we weren’t anticipating that, but it’s a good one, so I thought I would answer it. It says, great earnings call experience, best one yet. Do you plan to continue providing earnings calls on Zoom instead of a traditional webcast? I think our answer to that is design thinking, iterate test and learn. So we’ll come back to you on that one. We’ll see if you guys like it. All right. So our next question will be from Will Power at Baird.
Will Power: Okay, great. Yes, a couple of questions. Just let me maybe start with a broader question for Rick or Luke or whoever wants to take it. And one of the big themes in software, particularly with respect to COVID-19 and the impacts is that as an accelerant to digital transformation more broadly. I wonder what you’re saying with respect to the conversations you’re having with law enforcement along those lines, as you kind of talk about Records, Dispatch and trying to move to the cloud, it was seem to feed into that. Or is it just they’re so focused on other things that that’s not really entering the dialogue yet?
Rick Smith: Yes. Let me take this one. I mean, there are some really bright silver linings to this, the cloud that is this pandemic. I talked about my customer engagement velocity. I literally, I have never had this many customer meetings and I think their eyes have been open to new ways of interacting. I think that our travel expenses should be more controllable in the future that we should be able to engage with more customers over Zoom. They’re seeing that this is an effective way to engage. I’m also hearing and sensing two other things. One, another bright silver lining here is law enforcement is telling me that this has started to shift perceptions of police again, where a few years ago they were facing a lot of negativity. Now this is almost like a 911 sort of thing where people are realizing, hey, those cops are out there. More cops are being killed this year by the pandemic so far than guns and vehicle accidents combined. And that’s a good thing that it’s rebuilding public support for policing and we’re hopeful that that will flow into the federal government actually stepping in and helping fund first responders. And then the other side of it is, the impetus to do business differently is just strong. I was talking with some customers this past week that want to start pushing the courts to start accepting digital evidence instead of forcing them to burn things to desk, right? We’ve been successful in getting prosecutors to start using evidence.com. The courts have been more resistant to it, where now people are downloading stuff that the prosecutor or the agency to put on disks to deliver to the court. And I’ve been out with some of our customers, hey, let’s find the alpha patient. Let’s find some judges that are going to break down the barrier and say, hey, look, let’s move it online. And one of the things we hear is, well, courts don’t have great like technology systems. That’s music to our ears. They don’t need it. They need a browser. Like they don’t need to install servers and stuff, it’s a fantastic opportunity for us to upgrade their experience. And everywhere I look, I see the negatives of COVID are driving change that previously wasn’t possible. And I’ll give you one other example, we with the push for Axon Citizen in Europe. There’s been just a ton of resistance in mainland Europe to using the cloud for a whole bunch of reasons, we’ve talked about on previous conference calls, and we’ve been really pushing the team hard to engage with customers. Look, what could be a stronger reason to move to a cloud-hosted digital evidence sharing platform than social distancing in a world where you want to minimize the risk of your officers out going to pick up CDs and hard drives or thumb drives from the public. I don’t know we have anything material to report back other than what we’re hearing is quite different. Customers that have been traditionally quite resistant to change, they’re changing across the board and we’re looking at how we can help use this to drive positive long-term change, which can include a lot of digital transformation.
Will Power: Okay. And my second – go ahead.
Rick Smith: Go ahead, please.
Will Power: Well, I was going to say, my second question was just a follow up on some of the corrections, commentary. I know you all have been talking about that several calls in a row. I think you’ve referenced right in front of me, maybe five states that you have relationships with now. Where does that stand in terms of shipments? Any other numbers, quantification? How long that takes to really kind of ramp into a bigger opportunity?
Rick Smith: Sure thing. So about a third into last year we’ve ramped up our efforts specifically focusing on corrections. And this year we have an independent sales team focused on that market. And I’m really excited about the work that they’re doing so far. It wasn’t a place where we were necessarily focused in the past, but now the use cases are coming much more – becoming much more clear. And obviously on the body camera side there are benefits there. And on the TASER side in terms of riot control and so forth. And one of the interesting things is given COVID officers are actually really risking their safety by going hands on in jails because COVID obviously could spread really quickly through a contained environment like that. So we’re seeing more investment on a faster cadence than in the past, particularly in the CEW segment to keep officers from having to go hands on and protect them from a potential risk of infection. So long-term we definitely see corrections becoming a more meaningful part of our domestic business, both on the federal and on the state local level.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thank you, Will. Our next question is from Joe Osha at JMP Securities.
Joe Osha: Hi there. For starters, my compliments to everybody for doing such a good job with this Zoom conference. This has been great. Thank you to IR team. Two questions. First, I see that the portion of TASERs that was sold in a recurring payment plan went down as a result of the shift international. I’m just wondering whether there might be some potential to think about shifting the way those non-U.S. customers behave over time. And then the second question is a more general one. We’ve had a chain of evidence. We’ve had CAD. We’ve had Records management. I’m just wondering whether this crisis might perhaps cause Axon just sort of resequence how it’s coming at those priorities a little bit. Those are my questions.
Josh Isner: Okay, Joe, thanks for your question. And I’d be happy to take the first one and then hand it over for the second one. So on international subscriptions, we actually are seeing that already in our Tier 1 market. So in Australia, the UK and Canada, it is relatively common for agencies to sign up for a TASER 60 contract where they pay just like in the U.S. over 60 months. Especially in the UK, every agency in the UK that is a CEW customer is actually already on a TASER 60 plan. So the team has done a really nice job. They’re transitioning to subscription. Australia is moving in that direction as well. And then Canada is lagging behind a little bit just due to the fact that we’ve commonly sold through distribution in Canada and the TASER 7 has not been authorized there yet. And so I would say that ball is moving in the right direction. There is some complication in Tier 2 and 3 markets especially some of the more volatile ones where there might be a little more risk of collectability on multi-year engagements and so forth. So we’re monitoring that very closely to make sure that we’re very confident in the deals we’re signing. But I would say it’s fair to expect international to continue to pivot more to a subscription type of set up on TASER business.
Joe Osha: Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yes, I’m continuing from there on that second part of the question. Obviously we like to think of Axon as a learning and adapting machine. So we always continue to re-examine the data in front of us and reserve the right to wake up smarter as we learn more. But I think from what we’ve seen so far our transformation has been validating of our focus and prioritization that we have in front of us. Our R&D investment, which is we’ve continued to double down on and be aggressive about investment, looking forward to leverage as we go forward. Really on our core pillars of relation including TASER and sensors and signals, in the like across our categories for [Audio Dip] management and the new investments in the categories, productivity with records and communications and real time operations with CAD. And those are taken up the last fall, in addition to some of these in areas like Axon Air with drones in the lake. We evaluate those pretty regularly and we feel great about the validation we’re seeing like what we’ve been describing with records and CAD and the rest that we’ve got the right to live into the best in each of those and the right sequencing. But we’ll continue to evaluate as we go and make those small and bigger adjustments if and when that makes sense, but we’re feeling pretty good about that prioritization.
Joe Osha: Okay. Thank you.
Andrea James: Thanks, Joe. Our next question is from Erik Lapinski at Morgan Stanley. Erik, your video is off. Give me another second.
Erik Lapinski: Can you hear me and see me. Hello?
Andrea James: We can hear you. Go ahead and ask the question. We can’t see it, but go ahead and ask.
Erik Lapinski: Sorry. It shows me on mine, but maybe I’ll just kind of ask on dispatch and that first kind of paid customer rollout, from that from initial trials and interest and roll over of systems and finalist limitation like what were some of the learnings you may be had on what the typical sales cycle would look like with a dispatch customer and kind of anything you could share there.
Rick Smith: Sorry, Erik, you were breaking up a little. Do you mind just repeating that question, my apologies.
Erik Lapinski: Yes, no problem. Can you hear me now?
Rick Smith: Yes.
Erik Lapinski: Just quickly on maybe what were some of the learnings you had from just the pace of rollout in the sales cycle. It’s your first paid dispatch customer and kind of, I guess what you could share there.
Rick Smith: Sure thing. Thanks very much for the question. I think just like with all kind of early customers, we’re really focused right now on learning. And so we have a pipeline of customers that we look forward to working with on CAD deployments. But a higher priority for us is gaining some early use cases, references and success stories. And so for the next at least three to five customers, that’s really where our focus lies is making sure we’re ready to scale and we continue to build that interest pipeline. So when that pipeline starts to convert, there are plenty of happy customers that can speak to their success with the product. We anticipate a lot of interest in the product from all segments in the market and we’re seeing it already. And so we’re very, very excited about the potential of our CAD business.
Erik Lapinski: That’s helpful. And then if I could just maybe one follow-up, as you look everything going on in the potential impacts that your customers could see, like are there any actions or promotions you’ve thought through where you could kind of help customers, I guess from a pricing or a pull license perspective or kind of accommodations you consider this year.
Rick Smith: Sure. Nothing really across the market, certainly the customers that, that have voiced challenges whether they’re budget or timing of some of those budgets. We’re working through them on a one – on kind of a one off basis. But at this point, we don’t plan on having like an overarching program across the market. Frankly, we just haven’t seen that type of concern yet from the customer base. But certainly, we’re going to continue to monitor it and we’re necessary. We’ll make adjustments. But right now we’re still certainly executing as per our normal kind of approach to these deals.
Erik Lapinski: Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. And I would just add on that we – today we have several different ways that a customer can acquire our products from just buying a individual device to multiple plans. Our premium plan, OSP 7 Plus, and the leadership team is very aligned around the benefits of this as are the customers. They can just start using on day one. And so that’s been very positively received.
Andrea James: Thank you, guys. Erik, and I can see you now, you popped up. So our next question will be from Ryan Sigdahl at Craig-Hallum. Go ahead Ryan.
Ryan Sigdahl: Hey, thanks, Andrea. And to start, I’m going to guess your background is fake.
Andrea James: You got it. Any others?
Ryan Sigdahl: Oh, I’m going to guess Jeff.
Andrea James: So Jeff’s background is actually the 14th floor at our Seattle software hub.
Ryan Sigdahl: Okay. Well, I’ll take one out of two for some flag anyways.
Jeff Kunins: Come, visit any time when we’re open.
Ryan Sigdahl: Awesome. For me here first off, just to follow-up on corrections, what percent approximately of the 450,000 correctional officers do you think carry a TASER today, and then separately on the body cams.
Rick Smith: Yes. Qualitatively both of those numbers are low relative to the overall population. But state by state, we’re really making progress quarter in and quarter out to show some really rapid growth in that department. So at this point, I’m not prepared to give a firm numbers on that, but qualitatively there’s a lot of white space in that market and we think for the first time we’re really seeing meaningful momentum there to start to capture some of that white space.
Ryan Sigdahl: Fair to put in a ballpark of 25%, 50%, 75% just or innings if you want to talk baseball.
Jawad Ahsan: I appreciate the sports analogy, but we’re going to stick with the first answer on that one – well, thanks.
Ryan Sigdahl: Second question just on TASER 7, it declined for the second consecutive quarter seems a bit surprising given the recent launch. So how do you guys think about that product mix within weapons segment over the remainder of the year, Thanks.
Rick Smith: So Ryan, thanks again for the question. I think that’s just seasonality. Q3 and Q4 our strongest quarters of the year. So coming off our two strongest quarters with what historically have been kind of slower starts. So we’re in Q1 and Q2, it’s not a huge surprise to us that TASER 7 sales are not going to be as strong here. And we expect that to definitely change in the back half of the year as we continue to build pipeline and work with large agencies on meaningful T7 deployments.
Andrea James: Thanks, guys. Mike Latimore from Northland. You’re up next.
Mike Latimore: Yes, thanks. Can you hear me, okay.
Rick Smith: Okay, yes.
Mike Latimore: Sounds good, thanks. I think you said that you have about 50% visibility into the kind of original guidance for the year. I guess, at this point last year, what was that visibility.
Rick Smith: Yes, in any given year, Mike, we typically into the year with about that. I think last year was a little less probably, I think we’re on the mid-40s, I believe. And this year, we have every year as we continue to progress in our SaaS business, it’s been increasing.
Andrea James: What percentage are Q1 sales make of the full year. It’s a much higher percentage that would be typical, this Q1.
Mike Latimore: Sure, okay. Makes sense. And then I believe, maybe third quarter, fourth quarter you’re going to start recognizing more of the records revenue. As different features get launched, what – I think there’s a little bit of a catch up event among customers that have already purchased the bundle. So like what kind of ARR bump might you get from it?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. The first thing is we’re actually not going to get a catch up, the way accounting works is that we’re going to take the same amount of revenue just over a compressed period of time. So it’s going to step up pretty materially over the remainder of those contracts. But there’s not going to be a cumulative catch-up as like another long-term contracts. And right now we had – what we had said previously and our guidance was that our AR was going to grow $10 million per quarter. We felt that that was conservative this quarter. It grew about $12 million, $12 million to $13 million. And we think it’s going to be, in that $10 million to $15 million range. And as we get towards the end of year, it’s likely going to be at the top end of that range is more of our software products, specifically, records dispatch come online.
Mike Latimore: And then now you touched on this a little bit earlier, but in terms of just international cloud adoption, as you’ve won some of these additional deals internationally. How many are sort of willing to go with Evidence.com in the cloud? Is that trending in the right direction?
Rick Smith: Yes, I’d say it is trending in the right direction. I’d say everything in the international and a huge credit to the team here and the team’s leadership in each region. Things are generally trending in the right direction internationally, across video and CW. Again, these are – we’re dealing with governments here, not state and local governments like federal government. So these deals do take longer to materialize, but we are seeing more interest in the cloud than we have in the past and more interest in CW’s than we have in the past.
Mike Latimore: Thank you.
Andrea James: Thank you, guys.
Rick Smith: Andrea, I’d like to reach out and thank Ryan for throwing his hat in the ring to guests on the special backgrounds. And so for any analyst today, who wouldn’t throw their hat in the ring in addition to the tee shirt schwag, if you want to get yourself one of these fancy Axon tattoos, I’ll pay for it personally because we want to encourage you all to get your best Axon schwag on. So Andrea, back to you for some more questions.
Andrea James: Thanks, Rick. We’re actually to our buy-side investors on the call, who’ve been emailing me. Thanks for guessing. And it sounds like even some of our investors kids are getting in on it. So I just, I love that, like, it’s super cool. So thanks for emailing me to your guests is, I’ll respond after the call. Okay. Next question is from Scott Kessler at Imperial. Scott, go ahead and turn your video on for us.
Scott Kessler: Hey, guys. I am hanging out outside. I unfortunately came in prepared, don’t have any questions, so feel free to jump to the next person there.
Andrea James: Okay, that’s great. We have a 908 number dialed in and I’m not sure who it is and I’m wondering, if you’d like to ask a question.
Rick Smith: Well, we’re waiting there, Andrea. I can – I want to take on the elephant in the room that maybe Scott was uncomfortable addressing and that is Josh Isner. Can you share with folks what’s going on with that epic beard? You’ve got going on, I’m sure focusing you for the first time with that big, may want to know.
Josh Isner: Thanks, Rick for pointing that out. I really appreciate it. So yes, I made a commitment in early March that I would not shave or cut my hair until the office in Scottsdale reopen. At that time, it looked like a late April, early May start. Here we are on May 7 and it’s been extended to June 1. And I am in a world of hurt right now and my wife is even in a bigger world of hurt looking at me every day. So thanks Rick. I appreciate it. And hopefully the next time I see everybody, it’ll be a slightly different look.
Andrea James: All right. So if any of our analysts have follow-ups, go ahead and let us know via the chat window. We have a few more minutes here. We did get some questions from the public. We hadn’t planned on taking them, but I’ll just read off a couple and we’ll answer them if we have time. One is, is there a next generation of TASER 7 in development and if yes, what would be some of its enhanced features? Rick, I think you should take that one.
Rick Smith: Yes. We typically don’t talk about new features until they’re launched. I would say we are continually evaluating some of the programmatic aspects of TASER 7 to make sure that, we’ve got ways that it can fit all of our different buyer personas. And kind of stay tuned as always for new product developments with Axon.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. I actually, I want to piggyback on this because I know Rick is trying to do his best to not disclose too much, but one of the reasons I joined the company was to help Rick make the bullet, obviously. And the technology that we’re working on now with the next generation TASER is going to be a big step in that direction. We laid out our goals towards the end of the decade. What we wanted to have accomplished in one of those is to have the TASER be the primary means for an officer to stop the threat. And I think that with what Rick and the TASER team have in mind and what they’re working on, it’s going to be a long way towards that.
Andrea James: Okay. There’s the next one is just an interesting question. Axon sells TASER self defense devices into the consumer market. Are there any plans to enter the consumer dash cam or body camera market?
Rick Smith: Yes, let me take that one. The answer is, no. The consumer dash cam market is much more of a commodity market and the elements that make our system valuable for professional law enforcement users would not be particularly applicable in that market. So, no.
Andrea James: Okay. Thank you. That’s all we have time for from the public. Thanks for submitting your questions. I’m going to turn the call back over to Rick to close us out.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Well, Hey, thanks. I’m really enjoying the positive feedback on the new format. It’s been enjoyable for me to, I feel a little more connected and seeing your faces and interacting online. Sorry for harassing a little bit there, Josh. It’s just feels like this is a more human experience and I sure, we’re going to evaluate and see if we keep doing it in Zoom. I certainly found this to be much more engaging. I hope you did too. I’d like to thank you all for joining us. As you know, Axon does not shy away from challenges. We viewed them as opportunities and we’re trying new approaches and evangelizing our cloud software to public safety and increasing our productivity. And we’re going to continue to lean in to everything that 2020 has got to throw out us. So we hope you all stay safe, healthy and sane during this period of disruption. And we look forward to updating you all again in August. So thanks. And we’ll talk to you soon.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Camille, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Axon's Q4 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session at which time instructions will follow. I'll now turn the call over to our host for today, Andrea James, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy. You may begin your conference. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to our host, Ms. Andrea James. You may begin.
Andrea James: Thank you, Camille. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Axon's Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Webcast. I'm Andrea, as just introduced. Here in the room in Scottsdale headquarters, we have Axon's CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; and Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner. And joining us from our Global Software Hub in Seattle is our Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. I hope you've all had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. And for the first time, we published an ESG addendum, which you can find in the PDF linked on our website. Management's remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. I will now turn the call over to Rick Smith, our Chief Executive Officer.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I'm incredibly proud of everyone here at Axon for delivering another banner year with strong top and bottom line performance, while simultaneously executing on several major product launches. 2019 was the year we planted the flag for our moonshot, make the bullet obsolete with the publication of my book, The End of killing. Before this decade is out, we will deliver a TASER weapon that will outperform a semiautomatic pistol in the effective and reliable incapacitation of a human subject. That will be a game changer. And we've doubled down on our mission to make justice system more efficient, more transparent and more equitable. We will leverage the power of artificial intelligence to enhance public safety, but with oversight from our industry-leading AI ethics board to ensure we also cherish and preserve individual rights and privacy in the balance. We are emboldened as we look to the future from our strong base of execution, our team delivered, this past year. In 2019, we scaled the all-new TASER 7, while implementing significant design improvements in the cartridges. We introduced the industry's first body camera with live streaming, and we went live with Axon Records. We also made significant investments in people and processes to improve future product launches. I told you in August that we had high expectations for Axon Body 3, and we're planning for meaningful shipments in Q4. We delivered on that promise. Q4 revenue of $172 million was up 50% year-over-year, reflecting record volume camera shipments. About 75% of our body camera units shipped in Q4 were Axon Body 3. For the full year, we grew revenue 26% to $531 million. It feels great to top $0.5 billion in revenue, but I'm even more focused on what this signifies. Axon products provide real value to our customers and the communities they serve. We're absolutely thrilled that customers are selecting our most meaningful integrated bundles. We're going to keep innovating on behalf of this historically underserved market and our top line performance demonstrates that our customers are savvy and eager to adopt the latest technology. We're also very pleased with our bottom line performance. In Q4, six additional performance goals in our eXponential Stock Performance Plan for our employees became statistically probable in light of our strengthened future outlook. This did result in a significant catch-up stock compensation expense that affected GAAP net income. Excluding the impact of that, the results are pretty impressive. In Q4, we more than tripled our adjusted EBITDA over last year. And for the full year, adjusted EBITDA grew 43% to $88 million. I would again like to thank, you, our shareholders, for approving our eXponential Stock Performance Plan, which aligned the entire company to the same growth goals as my CEO performance plan. I believe this strong performance and increased probability of hitting those goals are the direct result of our implementing the most innovative widespread incentive program in any public company today. So, thank you. We delivered operating leverage in 2019, even with gross margin headwinds as we sell our five year high value integrated bundles, which carry a lower gross margin upfront, but increase in years two through five. So we are successfully selling customers our highest value offerings in a true win-win scenario. But that does create some margin pressure, and we were able to deliver bottom line leverage this year regardless. We've all embraced the practice of being very intentional and strategic with our capital allocation and our R&D investment, and I feel confident that we exited 2019, the strongest we have ever been. Now Luke can talk about how, in 2020, we're focused on building for scale.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. I too want to congratulate our team. Our company goal was to ship 60,000 Axon Body 3 cameras in 2019 in order to support our upgrade programs as well as the demand for the new product. This was an ambitious goal. And given some of the headwinds we faced in Q2 with operations, it was really important to us as an organization to deliver on this goal for our customers as well as shareholders. Everyone executed at year-end from sales to engineering to manufacturing to operations and supply chain. And we not only made a lot of customers happy who were waiting on their new cameras, but we proved we have the muscle to meet a surge in demand even on the new product line. Not only that we accomplished this record revenue quarter, while also sequentially reducing operating expenses excluding stock comp and driving adjusted EBITDA leverage. In fact, if we exclude stock comp, SG&A was down both year-over-year and sequentially, and this is really a testament to our strengthened cost control muscle as well as leverage we see in our model. Looking forward, our big theme for 2020 is build for scale. This means making sure we have the right tools and people in place and that everyone stays focused on execution just like in Q4. We see ourselves as building a $2 billion revenue business, and we get there by staying focused on our mission and building upon our virtuous cycle. More users means more data, which means better products leading to better societal outcomes, which means more users completing the virtuous cycle. In 2020, we will continue to drive adoption of the Officer Safety Plan, which combines a TASER, a body camera and a host of mission-critical software capabilities. More than 100 agencies have adopted Officer Safety Plan 7, and more than 70% of those users are on the highest tier, which carries the most premium software features. Before I turn the call over to Jawad, I want to take a moment and talk about the coronavirus. Our operations team has been effective managing through this situation thus far. And at this time, given the current impacts, we feel that we can manage toward our full year guidance and that we have some flexibility to be adaptable. However, like every company dealing with this, we are closely monitoring this and in constant communication with our supply chain and this may impact year-end if the situation further develops. But currently, we feel good about our guidance. With that, I'll turn over the call to Jawad to talk about some of our areas of expansion for 2020.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. Before we move on to our 2020 outlook, I also want to take a moment and say how proud I am of our team. After a tough Q2 last year, our teams faced into the challenges and worked hard to regain ground, proving that we could deliver strong top line growth and margin expansion in 2019. If our finish to the year reinforces anything, it's that Axon has a strong sense of accountability. Our customers are counting on us to deliver life-saving products and our credibility with shareholders is vitally important to us. At our Investor Day in November of 2017, we laid out a three year vision for the company that showed our path to continued strong top line growth, while also turning around our declining margins. We also set a goal for ourselves to be profitable in the body camera and DEMS business with three years, and we achieved that ahead of schedule. Since 2017, our revenues have grown at an annual CAGR of 26% and our EBITDA margins have expanded to 16.5% on an adjusted basis. The body camera business is now profitable and the TASER 7 and Axon Body 3 launches are now behind us. We are heading into 2020 with strong tailwinds on profitability that we intend to use to slingshot our way to the next phase of growth. We have built a high-growth, high margin, high retention $161 million ARR enterprise software business, and we haven't even begun recognizing revenue for Axon Records. Today, we're charting a new path to the company. We have set for ourselves a North Star, that by the end of the decade, we will have achieved the following: First, TASER weapons will be the primary means to stop a threat. Second, AI-enabled body cameras will eliminate the majority of manual report writing. Third, cloud-enabled devices will be the primary means to dispatch officers in the field. And finally, Axon will be a household name by virtue of the transformative value we'll create for society and shareholders. From a financial standpoint, we'll also have built a business that we're targeting to deliver revenue growth of over 20% per year and achieve continued operating leverage with EBITDA margins approaching 30% on an adjusted basis. To get to these outcomes, we see a unique opportunity to accelerate the funding of some of our most promising new growth initiatives. In 2020, we'll invest over $100 million in R&D and new channel growth, excluding stock comp. An example of one such R&D initiative is dispatch. Our goal was to bring dispatch to market in 2020, and that team is tracking so well under the leadership of Josh Pepper that we expect to have our first paying customer live within the first half of this year. This deployment will see Axon displacing a major competitor in the dispatch space. We expect to have a competitive dispatch product in market and widely available by the second half. In terms of channel growth, one of our key initiatives is our investment in federal. In 2018, we hired Richard Coleman from General Dynamics to head up our federal business, and he has led us to some terrific early wins, such as the U.S. Forest Service and the DOJ's Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. We're excited about the prospect of serving that $1.5 billion TAM, and we'll be investing more aggressively in this area going forward. While we're very excited about the momentum we're carrying into 2020, we are not stopping to celebrate. We are instead putting the pedal to the floor, and you can expect us to continue to execute with a high degree of accountability. And with that, operator, let's turn to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Congrats on a very strong quarter here. Several questions, where do I start because I get one. I guess, let's start on the CAD environment a little bit. I like the announcement that you're going to have the product available this year. We've done a fair amount of work kind of on this space. One of the things we found is customers are less interested in a cloud-based CAD model, at least today. Can you help us try to understand the successes that you think you're having there at least early on with maybe a beta customer or two in particular that can, kind of, untap this area that's maybe different than what they're used to today?
Rick Smith: Yes. We love entering new markets where the initial customer reaction is, no. When we started with electrical weapons, we heard no; when we started with the body cameras, we heard no; when we started with cloud digital evidence software, we heard no. That tells us we have the opportunity to be first to move the market. When we think about CAD, really what they are really talking about is reliability. And indeed, the reliability and uptime of the major cloud providers dwarfs what your average municipal city could do in terms of uptime themselves. So reliability really comes down to two things: the reliability of your Internet connectivity and the reliability of the system, if you lose Internet connectivity. So the first one is not a huge problem to solve, they have redundant Internet access through multiple carriers. And over the next few years, I think we're going to see all sorts of new ways to connect to the Internet: 5G, lower satellites in addition to ground-based systems. So that is it is certainly a fear that customers have because I think they sort of think in terms of, "Well, sometimes I lose Internet connectivity, but that's a solvable problem." And then the other is, if you do lose connection to the Internet, we've engineered our system in such a way that we've done some demos where we've watched customers jaw hit the table when we just unplugged the Internet and the system keeps chugging away just fine. So when we get in front of actual customers with demos, we think that those are that's an absolutely solvable perception issue that sets us up to, again, I think, move the market this direction.
Scott Berg: Great, super helpful. Congrats again.
Rick Smith: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho of William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Can you hear me, okay?
Rick Smith: Yes, we got you.
Jonathan Ho: Perfect. So when we look at your guidance for 2020, how do you think about sort of the growth over the course of the year? And what maybe gives you the confidence that we're going to have a little bit of a stronger second half ramp?
Josh Isner: Yes. Ultimately, I think there's an element of first of all, this is Josh Isner. Ultimately, there's an element of seasonality there, where the second half does tend to be stronger as we spend the first half of the year, building up the pipeline with people in newer territories. We're doing a lot to expand our channel in terms of both inside and outside sales right now. And so while we expect good results in the first half of the year; certainly, similar to last year, we'll see revenue weighted toward the back half. And we're already laying the groundwork right now for that to become a reality.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette, [Morgan Stanley]
James Faucette: Hi, thanks a lot. I wanted to ask, you talked about in the press release, I think, in the prepared comments about increasing investment during the course of 2020. I'm wondering if you can provide some color as to where that investment is directed? What kind of roles, et cetera. And then, what you expect the outcome and time to pay back to be on that investment, just as what kind of calibrating? Obviously, things are going at least as whatnot a bit better than you'd expected maybe a little while ago and so just trying to get a sense as to what you're thinking about that investment and the impact it will have?
Rick Smith: Yes. That's a great question. And really, it's the right way to think about it. We are making investments and expecting to leverage that into our next phase of growth. And so the investments really fall into three categories: The first one is the investment we're making in the product. And as you know, Jeff Kunins joined us as Chief Product Officer, has just reinvigorated our product organization. And under Jeff's leadership, we've decided we're going to make investments, specifically in things like dispatch, it was a big one that we've highlighted, as an area we're excited about for accelerating an investment in addition to investments we're already making in products like Records.  The second area channel investments. So we mentioned federal. Federal is an interesting one that's both a product investment. There's some work we need to do to get the product ready for the federal market, but then there's also a channel investment as we build out the channel under Josh Isner and his team. And then third, Luke mentioned in his prepared remarks, how we're building for scale and a portion of the investment we're making in 2020 is also to help build the business for scale and really and some of the support functions and systems and processes that we're going to get really support us as the company approaches $1 billion in revenue.  And as far as the payback, that's something that really, you can see reflected in our strengthened outlook over that, we've got an outlook for the next few years that's reflected in the additional tranches that became probable. So we're expecting that payback, certainly, within the next few years.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Rick Smith: We didn't hear that last question here at Axon.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Osha, [JMP Securities]
Joseph Osha: Hello, everyone. Can you hear me?
Rick Smith: Yes.
Joseph Osha: Okay, great. Thank you. As we look into 2020, it's interesting the unit composition of your the CEW business has kind of focused around a bit, I'm wondering if we can expect in 2020 that mix to shift more decisively over to TASER 7? Thank you.
Josh Isner: Yes, absolutely. I think the first half of last year was a time where large and small agencies were evaluating the TASER 7, trialing it in the field for 30 day to 60 day periods at a time. And that led to a little slower adoption in the first half. It obviously picked up in the second half, and we expect to continue to have momentum toward upgrading TASER customers to TASER 7. Specifically, this year, we are very, very focused as a sales team on upgrading all of our customers to two-shot devices, again, especially, TASER 7, and the market is responding well to that concept, and we feel like we've got the most effective and just best overall CEW, we've ever come out with. We're hearing it from our customers, there's excitement over it internationally as well. And we have a lot of confidence that we're going to have a big year with TASER 7 this year.
Joseph Osha: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Power with Baird.
Will Power: Great, thanks. Yes. I guess, I want to ask question on AB3. Obviously, you have a really strong quarter, and it seems like above, perhaps, where expectations were at least relative to guidance. So just kind of curious on what drove the, I guess, the upside relative to prior expectations? How much of that was kind of pulled forward and, I guess, kind of tied into AB3? Any thoughts with respect to contract manufacturing impacts from coronavirus? Any other supply chain impacts you can call out there that give you any pause for concern on meeting demand out there?
Luke Larson: Yes, great question. Let me answer the first part about, the general AB3 demand was driven by two primary things: One is, in our bundled offerings, we have TAP some upgrades. One is our TAP program, where they pre-signed for the second device, and so there's a lot of demand for that, that we had previously sold in addition to new demand for the product.  In terms of the coronavirus, as it sits today, our ops team has been working around the clock since this broke and we've been in communication with our supply chain to and had actually kind of diversified this with some of the tariff impacts earlier in the year. And so as it sits today, we've got a clear path, but this is a dynamic situation and like everyone, we're monitoring it day-to-day.
Rick Smith: Yes. I would just double down, this is Rick. The significant majority of those AB3 units were part of our hardware subscription plans. One of the great things that, I believe, we actually innovated as a business was this idea of combining a SaaS software with hardware with predetermined upgrades. So they get a new camera every 2.5 years and we saw the power of that, whereas, for example, TASER 7, there was more testing and time to ramp, whereas with AB3 because that was on an automatic upgrade plan, we had tens of thousands of cameras waiting for delivery. So it really became just our ability to produce and ship.  So we've been very pleasantly maybe surprised is a too strong word. It's been great to see that reaction and that element you can expect to see us to continue to move toward in our business. It really helps our customers too. If they want to be on the latest technology and being able to not worry about whether it's hardware or software or a service, knowing that with one contract plan, with Officer Safety Plan, they just continually get updated to the latest capabilities.
Will Power: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charlie Anderson: Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on a great end of the year. I want to focus on TASER gross margins. I wonder if there's a path back to 70% or so there. Just what you're seeing there in terms of what's embedded in the guidance for 2020 for TASER gross margin? And also on that cartridge number was very large in Q4, just wondering what's going on there and sort of the interplay between cartridges and units moving forward? Thanks, so much.
Rick Smith: Yes. So this is Rick. So yes, we continue to we believe TASER margins will continue to march back upward from here, heading back toward 70% provided we give the time frame on that or just it will stay general on the 70%. And then on the large number of cartridge shipment, so one of the things that impacted TASER margins last year was, we had a margin issue on the cartridges in the first half of the year that led to the challenges in Q2, and I'm so proud of the team that they are able to not only correct those delivery challenges, but also to engineer a fair amount of cost out of the cartridges. Now, we'll really begin to see those cartridge cost savings in 2020, because once we got the cartridge redesign done, we have a lot of backorders. So the reason those cartridge shipments were so high was, we had cartridge down, production down for a good part of Q3. That demand really built up into Q4, so we had a very heavy margin I'm sorry, we had a very heavy shipment quarter on cartridges, and we are still struggling with higher than usual scrap since the new design came online than higher than the cost that we expect to see going forward. So we expect to see significant improvements this year in margins in TASER business.
Charlie Anderson: Great, thank you so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. With regard to the integration of evidence into the entire package, at what point you talked about the various parts of your program beginning to draw, I guess, if you want to call it, draw demand in. At what point do you see enough of the rest of the business out there sold as a system, so that customers will be asking for evidence as opposed to you having to push sell it into them?
Luke Larson: So since 2008, we've been selling a combined digital evidence management cloud software system with the body camera, and that we've been very successful at creating this category of cloud-based software and a connected hardware device. In the last few years, we've now bundled that with our TASER offering as well. And our latest programs include some of our advanced software capabilities like Records, which are mission-critical to agencies and we're seeing a lot of demand in those bundled offerings. And when we go in, we lead with the entire capability as a service for how we can create value for the agency. And the demand is very strongest for our highest value bundled offers.
Jeff Kessler: And that ultimately leads to profitability for evidence?
Rick Smith: Yes.
Luke Larson: Yes.
Jeff Kessler: Great. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Luke Larson: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Latimore with Northland Capital.
Mike Latimore: Right. Yes. Thanks. Awesome quarter. I think over the last year or so, you've been building out an enterprise software sales team, I guess, how many people do you have in that group? And how fast you think you might grow that this year?
Josh Isner: Well, look, we're making investments across the business. Certainly, we're making investments on the sales team in the field to get ready to sell additional products like Records and Dispatch. And I think it's equally important that we're making investments on our customer success team to ensure that customers are having a great experience with us, and they continue to use all of the elements of the bundles that they're buying. We're also making investments on our inside sales team, in our federal channel and international. And we'll keep investing in the channel until we feel like we have full coverage across the market. And so we're going to keep adding people to make sure they have a reasonable number of accounts to manage. We're going to keep adding people to make sure that we offer the best customer experience in the market and when that day comes, we don't need to add people anymore.
Rick Smith: And one thing I would add, Josh, this is Rick. It's not like we're not building a software sales team from scratch, 10 years ago, we had the TASER weapon sales team. When we launched body cameras and software, it was really combined offering of body cameras and cloud software. And so there, as we scaled that team, that team is almost entirely people that come from enterprise software sales backgrounds. Because that – it really is an enterprise software sale that comes with hardware attached. And so that same sales team, we're continuing to expand it. But that same sales team already has that skill set and they're dealing typically with the CIOs and the people that are at least in the more sophisticated agencies.  The body cameras being driven by the IT shop that has the relationship with that sales team, so I just don't want to leave the impression that this is a new thing we're building up. We already have, I think, a very capable software sales team. We're just now arming them now with very high margin, pure software place that they can sell as well.
Josh Isner: Absolutely. And we're focusing on coverage, right? Like the most important thing is these very talented salespeople have manageable territories and manageable account list that they're able to sell into. And certainly, we're doing that in a very calculated way.
Mike Latimore: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys. Hoping you guys give us an update on the Record systems, now that you guys are a few quarters into it, actually – are deployed, how close are you guys to actually recognizing revenue on a consistent basis with that? And perhaps you can give us an idea of how many customers you have using it and lessons learned over the past few quarters?
Jeff Kunins: Sure. This is Jeff. Well, first, I think we are I am incredibly excited. We're all incredibly excited about Records for three key reasons: The first is just hands down the experience. Every single agency we've showed it to simply loves the Axon Record's experience. It hands down the best they've ever seen in the category regardless of whether they're ready to switch to it yet or not. And number two, is this thing we call Standards. And Standards is specifically the module within Axon Records that's used for use of force and internal affairs reporting. And it's a unique, fast and high-value way for customers to immediately start using and getting value from Axon Records. Right now, immediately, regardless of whether they're ready to switch over their entire RMS yet, and customers love it. And as we've already seen, like we talked publicly before about Cincinnati, in particular, it perfectly tees up their decision to then go all in with Axon Records as soon as they're ready to make a change. And then the third is, as we continue to build this out, it's the TAM or the addressable market for the category, and I'm incredibly engaged both by the velocity and the quality that we're building out Record at. And we're on track just to dimensionalize that for you that by the end of 2020, we're going to be the obvious the RMS choice for about half of domestic agencies, both large and small.  And we're incredibly excited by the feedback we've gotten from live customers like Fresno and Cincinnati with Standards, and the momentum is great, and we're super excited about it for the rest of the year.
Keith Housum: Got you. So are you guys recognizing revenue already? Or is it still sometime in 2020, we'll see that.
Jawad Ahsan: No. We are not recognizing revenue yet.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you. And then if I just quickly remind you here, I guess, I'll be the one guy that doesn't comply with the one question rule. Can you guys help us understand sorry, help us understand what's different in terms of the federal agency that requires additional investments in the product compared to what you have currently?
Rick Smith: Yes. I'll take that one. So federal agencies, just the way they purchase is just really quite different. It's almost like just a different language. So having people with federal sale's experience like Richard Coleman, it's just a different animal from the talent the sales process that happens at state and local agencies. And then there's things like getting the product through the FedRAMP certification. That took what, two or three years and millions of dollars of investment to be compliant with the FedRAMP standard, which is not a standard that applies for the product in state and local agencies. There, we were CJIS compliance with a much easier standard to get to. There's just a lot more compliance load on dealing with the federal agencies. And so at this point, it's our understanding, we're the only CJIS or I'm sorry, the only FedRAMP software product in this category. And we've now started to bring agencies online. And so we're continuing to build that out. We're also there will be times where federal agencies are going to just have additional capabilities that we'll need to invest in that might be different from some of the state and local guys.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey, thanks, team for taking the question. Could you walk us through some of the mechanics around and maybe it's already happening in this Q4 body camera number. But as we think about some of the larger agencies you've signed two, three years ago, as they upgrade to the next body camera and the next TASER. Because I think a lot of the rollouts early on were phased, so will the upgrades also be phased? Or will those be kind of one times, all at the same time? And then finally, on the back end of this question, as we started lapping some of these bigger contracts, how does the renewal process work on some of these big contracts? Thanks.
Josh Isner: Sure thing. So to answer your first question, the upgrades are generally not phased. The reason being is, early on when you're deploying a new technology, onboarding a set number of users every month or so forth works really well. But then when you upgrade to a different version of the camera that has different features and different docks, you want to have parity across your whole agency using the same platform. And so all the contracts are designed to support phased rollouts upfront, but then have an upgrade universally across the agency at the 2.5-year mark. And so that's what we're executing on right now. In terms of renewals, we're very focused on that, and we have a lot of confidence. And we've seen last year with over 100 customers on our new OSP programs that we're effectively able to position the value of the OSP seven and seven plus offerings, and customers are very excited about that. So our sales team is very, very focused on not only renewing these customers and preparing for their renewals, but also making sure that we're demonstrating the value of new features within the bundles and of course, an effort to convert these customers to RMS as well as part of that process.
Luke Larson: And I would just add one more comment on that. Oftentimes, we're not waiting for the renewal to come up. Our sales team is engaged early, early in the process on as Josh said, demonstrating value. So oftentimes, we're able to upgrade them before the renewal even comes up and get them on another multiyear contract on one of our higher offering.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got to. Thank you guys.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham.
Scott Berg: Hi, guys, I figure to squeeze one more and even though I was compliant on the first time. Just a follow-up question on gross margins a little bit. With the AB3 camera, obviously, it was a good quarter in terms of devices that were booked and shipped. I think there's a little bit of an expectation that the gross margins on those devices would be better than some of the AB2s going forward. Gross margins in the quarter were actually a little bit worse than what we saw the last couple of quarters. Can you help us understand may be the push and pulls to move the gross margins on that product category, maybe over the next one to two years?
Luke Larson: Yes, great question, Scott. This is Luke. And on the AB3, it actually has a higher hardware BOM cost. So the initial gross margin is not going to be it's actually going to be worse than the AB2, where we made a big bet is by making that connected camera with an LTE component, so that we can sell additional services and that's the bet that we're making as an org so much so that it's one of our key kind of company level bonus goals is to upsell those advanced software features on top of our AB3 platform.
Rick Smith: Yes. And I would just add on there. We as we went through our product planning, we had debated about whether to do two versions of AB3, one with LTE and one without. Because as we mentioned, the majority of those shipments were cameras that were ordered as part of an upgrade, and we could have shipped them, a camera with much lower cost. But we felt that much more important than short-term hardware margins is we're building long-term service revenues and that it was worth that investment. And from a customer experience, we thought, well, how delighted would our customers be when they're effectively on the iPod upgrade program and they get an iPhone for no extra charge to effectively is, what's happened they've got from a camera to an LTE connected camera and we believe that now it's really about proving all of the high-value services, we can run over that connection that will be very enticing. So that's the bet we've made, and we'll just have to see how it plays out over the next couple of years.
Scott Berg: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho from William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Good afternoon. So with the incremental investments that you're making, is this also maybe temporary in nature in terms of a pull forward? Or should we be thinking of this as particularly a new baseline level of spend around R&D? Thanks.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. It's an investment we're making in 2020, given the opportunity that we have ahead of us, and I would not expect that this level of investment would continue because as you know, we've got these goals in place that are very ambitious. And the expectation is with the guidance laid out to try to get to a business approaching 30% EBITDA margins that we're absolutely going to start to realize operating leverage at some point. And so I think about those investments as short-term in nature.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Godfrey with CL King.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Congratulations on a great quarter. Could you give us the international revenue for the quarter and update us on how expansion has been going outside the U.S.? Thanks.
Luke Larson: International revenue was flat at $24 million in the quarter year-over-year. And Josh, do you want to add some color on that?
Josh Isner: Yes. Hey, George. So ultimately, two things to say about international. The last three years, we made a very, very focused effort to shore up what we would refer to as our Tier 1 markets, which are the U.K., Canada and Australia. And I'm really proud of the teams in those markets for gaining a dominant market position in both CEWs and in Video in those markets. We feel like at this point, we've earned the right to continue to invest in Tier 2 and Tier 3 markets now. And we expect some of those markets this year to develop into meaningful contributors to international revenue. Secondly, obviously, we launched two new products last year domestically: TASER seven and Axon Body 3. And we're really proud of the fact that we grew by over 30% domestically last year. Candidly, a lot of our focus was getting those products off the ground domestically, so that this year we can get them off the grounds internationally.
Rick Smith: Yes. I would just add that typically, internationally, both for TASER weapons, there can be a national approval authority. So TASER seven will have to go through to get approval in those new markets and that takes time. That there's not that delay in the United States. And then for AB3, the LTE chips effectively if you use in the U.S. are different than the ones you use in Europe. And so again, there's we weren't actually offering AB3 in those international markets yet because we had to bring up a new SKU that had the appropriate wireless connectivity, and that will be coming online this year.
Josh Isner: And I would say lastly, George, that our international bookings did grow a double-digit percentage last year. So we're certainly excited about the direction we're heading. Obviously, with bookings those do take time to translate into revenue. And so again, the leading indicators are encouraging and we're going to work really hard this year to grow that number.
George Godfrey: Thank you for that. And I'm doing this from memory. Tier 2 markets France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and Belgium, is that right?
Josh Isner: Most of those are correct. We've got a couple of others that we have not disclosed and don't intend to at this time.
George Godfrey: Got it. Thank you again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. Just wanted to ask a quick follow-up. Is that you talked about the that you're taking into account a little bit the potential impact from coronavirus, et cetera. Just wondering if you can help at least dimensionalize how much of an impact that may have had on the way that you formulated guidance or outlook for 2020? And along those same lines, just a little color, if you could on how we should think about the relative growth rates within the different product lines and parts of the business?
Luke Larson: Yes. So on the first part of your question with coronavirus, a couple of things give us a lot of confidence that may be different from other companies, and you're probably very familiar with a lot of the consumer tech companies have said their forecasts are being impacted by this. For us, we don't sell into China at all. So there's no revenue impact there. The bulk of our orders, we can kind of see into the pipeline and forecast our demand and different from a consumer company. We're not doing just in time, we plan this months and quarters in advance. And so that gives us a fair amount of confidence, certainly in the first half of the year to deliver those commitments. And in the back half of the year, we're putting contingency plans in place and diversifying our supply chain so that we can be adaptable to those. But there's certainly risk there, but we've got confidence based on what we know. In terms of the product growth in the back half of the year. Maybe I...
Rick Smith: I would just say, whereas when you've got countries going into lockdown and consumers aren't going out and buying things that obviously is going to have a big impact on many businesses, whether they're in travel, entertainment, consumer products. Now it's early to say because we're early in this game. But if I look at this public order and the investments government's make in the infrastructure, I would not expect those to be adversely affected. So we're not relying on people going to a store to buy something. In fact, I wouldn't say that there could be any positive headwinds, but there may be public order implications when you start talking about the things that are happening in Italy with significant levels of quarantines, et cetera. So we don't have any indications of any negative demand impact from coronavirus. I'd say most of what we would what we're more focused on is just making sure we don't get supply chain impacts because we do have some suppliers in Asia, but we feel we've got that pretty well at hand right now.
Josh Isner: And then in terms of growth by category, I don't think we're going to disclose a lot here at the moment, other than we expect CEW to grow by double-digit percentages this year. And of course, we've given the relative guidance already and so certainly more color to come on that as we get through the year here.
James Faucette: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Osha with JMP Securities.
Joseph Osha: Here I got back on. I kind of feel like Amy Clovis Show [ph] at the end of the debate. I wanted to ask a little bit about something we haven't talked as much about, which is some of the consumer CEW stuff. I know that's something too odd that we had talked about when I was down there. Is this an area that we might see more focus on in the coming year?
Jawad Ahsan: In 2020, no. We're very focused, so 2019 was an important year for us for launches on the devices, TASER 7, Body 3 and in 2020, we're focused on software. Consumer is still very important to us. This is one of the reasons I joined the company was to help Rick make the bullet obsolete, and consumer is very much a part of that. It's a part of our strategy going forward, and we are hoping to share some exciting updates on that in the future. But at this point, in 2020, we're not making any additional investment in that other than what we're already doing.
Joseph Osha: Okay, thank you
Operator: And at this time, I'd like to at this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Awesome. Hey, thanks everybody. Obviously, I couldn't be prouder of the team. We hit some significant challenges at the middle of the year. We had conversations with a lot of folks, wondering if we were going to be able to pull it out. And we said, we're committed to hitting what we said we were going to hit for the year. And I got to tell you, there was a lot of hard work that went into that. I just couldn't be prouder of the team and there are a lot of smiles as we rolled into December and we were able to meet good on our commitment. So just want you guys to know a lot of people put blood, sweat, tears, a lot of heart into making sure that we met our commitments. And thanks for sticking with us, and we're really excited to see what we can show you in results here in 2020. So with that, have a great day, and we'll talk to you on the next quarterly call.
Operator: This does conclude today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Robert, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to Axon Q3 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session, at which time instructions will follow. I will now turn the call over to Andrea James, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy. You may begin your conference.
Andrea James: Thank you, Robert. Hello, everyone. Welcome to Axon’s third quarter 2019 earnings conference webcast. Here in the room in our Scottsdale headquarters, we have Axon CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; CFO, Jawad Ahsan; Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner; and a new comer, Chief Product Officer, Jeff Kunins. I hope you all had a chance to read our shareholder letter, which was released after the market closed. You can find it at investor.axon.com. Management's remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. During this call, we will discuss our business outlook and make forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements made today are pursuant to and within the meaning of the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These comments are based on our predictions and expectations as of today, and are not guarantees of future performance. All forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our SEC filings. You can go ahead Rick.
Rick Smith: Hey everybody. Welcome to the call. We’re having a pretty good day here and I appreciate you taking the time to join us. We're pleased with our financial performance and our product execution in the quarter. We achieved several of our 2019 objectives in rapid succession in Q3, which we outlined in detail in our shareholder letter. The achievements we unlocked since our last update support our vision of creating the best-in-class technology ecosystem for public safety. We want to empower patrol officers to be more efficient, more effective, and the ultimate end result will be fewer tragedies, greater transparency and safer communities. Over the past year, our Board of Directors and myself, and the rest of the executive team undertook an extensive talent search for a Chief Product Officer. I'm incredibly pleased to welcome Jeff Kunins to the company. It's been rewarding to work alongside someone with more than 25 years of high impact product experience, most recently as a VP on Amazon, Alexa team, and watching leverage that talent to work on solving problems for our customers and public safety. Jeff is already adding value to our long-term strategy discussions. He will be a key partner in helping us to scale across the more diverse range of products; we're now aggressively delivering for customers. Those of you who have been with us for a while, know that we get very close to our customers. We spend a lot of time listening to what they want in designing products to make their lives easier. So, as we do with all of our new talent, we've put Jeff through a substantial on-boarding process. He has participated in several ride along in patrol cars, including an overnight shift in what we call an active city. He is also doing a fair number of sit-alongs with record clerks and agency back officers, and a 911 dispatch centers, observing the call taking in dispatching process, which is the next category we are bend to disrupt. Jeff, maybe take a moment to talk about your first impressions, why you came to Axon, and the opportunity you see here.
Jeff Kunins: Thanks, Rick. I'm thrilled to be here. In my experience, one of the most critical things that makes a company successful is simply the culture, which shines through at Axon that I can see already is the bold audacity to invent amazing things on behalf of our customers and the communities they serve, paired with a healthy dose of humor and humility. At this particular moment in history, the specter of gun violence and threats to social justice around the world have created the need for millions of people to both feel more safe and be more safe. So it's an unprecedented honor for me and a privilege to be part of what we do every day here at Axon. For a little context on who I am, first and foremost, I'm a builder. For the last 25 years, I've had the privilege to work on software, services and devices in one form or another that have been used by millions of people and have supported multi-billion dollar businesses around the world in a diverse range of contracts, tends to be hands on, dive deep and be customer obsessed. In at Amazon, we're relentlessly focused on finding new ways to truly delight customers and keep doing that effectively at ever bigger scale across an ever more diverse range of products, and I see that same passion and commitment at Axon. One of the most exciting things about Axon is our opportunity to create software devices, cloud services, SaaS subscriptions and mobile apps that all work together to create a flywheel effect of customer loyalty and long-term value, and that business model is incredibly compelling. First, a little more perspective on why I joined Axon, beyond the business model, beyond the opportunity, look I loved Amazon, I love Amazon, I was very happy there for 5.5 years with zero intention of making a change. And in particular, I was thrilled to be a part of Alexa and helping invent the future of cloud-based voice assistance, especially having spent previously eight years of my life at Tellme Networks, one of the early pioneers in that space. But a member of Axon's Board was instrumental in introducing me to the company and then three things happen in quick succession that convinced me, I had no choice, but to join Axon and its mission to protect life and obsolete the bullet. First, there was a shooting, just a few miles from my children's elementary school, and one of the teachers were shot. Thankfully she survived, but it brought the reality of the world we're all living in much, closer to home. Second, I attended a fundraiser, with a bunch of other Seattle tech leaders where the father of one of the Parkland Florida shooting victims told the room that doing anything money is great, but challenged all of us by asking if you really care, what are you personally going to do about the significant problem facing our society today. And then third, literally that same day, I saw the announcement about Rick's upcoming book, The End of Killing. I ordered it on my Kindle, of course, and I got two chapters into the book and I decided, okay, I just have to talk to them. So clearly, I'm a big believer in Axon's mission. I'm honored to be here, and my first seven weeks at the Company have done nothing but reaffirm my confidence in our tremendous opportunity ahead. Now I'll turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Jeff, and welcome. In his first seven weeks, Jeff is already making a great impact and thank you to those members of the investment community who came to the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference in Chicago last week. For those of you that attended, you're able to see firsthand the buzz at Axon's booth and the positive feedback we get from our customers. At Axon, our Northstar is to drive adoption of our high-value integrated bundles which marry our hardware devices and cloud services into one monthly recurring payment. It's clear that the customers see a lot of value in cloud services we're offering, so we made it easier for them to purchase by combining all of our offerings into one integrated OSP bundle. This strategic sales pivot has been a huge success, helping us to drive substantial momentum on the software side. The way we sell the most software is through these bundles. OSP 7+ is our most popular bundle this year among the top 1,200 public safety agencies in the United States. In the first three quarters, we booked more than 11,000 seats on OSP, across dozens of agencies and we expect that number to accelerate. By the end of the year we aim to have more than 100 agencies on our highest value Officer Safety Plans. OSP is a critical mechanism for helping us to drive customers to Axon Records. This is because, OSP creates the purchasing mechanism for records transactions. This obviously puts us in a very favorable position, and consequently, the pipeline for Axon Records is very robust. These plans not only drive our software average revenue per user substantially higher. We are seeing monthly ARPU's double and triple, but the plans also maximize the value we are delivering for our customers. The way we ensure we are delivering valuable services is by looking at usage of our products, which also drives customer retention. Having a near zero churn rate we think is also a testament to the value we are providing for these agencies. Now, I'll hand the call over to Jawad, our Chief Financial Officer.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. This is an incredibly exciting time for Axon. We're executing and scaling at a rapid pace and we continue to grow our network of cloud connected devices and cloud services that deliver real value to our law enforcement customers. I would like to focus my comments today on how we're tracking toward our long-term targets. The product milestones we achieved this year are driving a reacceleration on the top line in the back half as we expected and position us to achieve our increased expectations for 2019 revenue growth of approximately 20%. Heading into year-end with this momentum sets us up nicely to continue delivering against our long-term target model. We are very successfully building a high margin SaaS business on top of our existing hardware business. One of the ways we measure progress here is by disclosing annual recurring revenue or ARR. As of Q3 2019, we are delivering nearly $142 million in high-margin ARR, which is up 39% year-over-year. For the past six quarters, ARR grew nearly $10 million incrementally on average per quarter and we expect this trend to accelerate in 2020. Let's take a look at what drives leverage, both on the gross margin line and on the adjusted EBITDA margin line. First, the software portion of every contract we signed with customers carries an 80% gross margin and that's including storage and compute costs. As most of you know, under GAAP, our hardware revenue must be fully recognized at the time of shipment, while software revenue was amortized over time. What this means is that on an Officer Safety Plan integrated bundle, even though the five-year direct gross margin on the contract is above 70%, it takes a while for that margin to build. We expect to continue seeing that play out in our P&L as our business is scaling, and we're driving strong growth in hardware from both new products and markets. This means, gross margins can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but we are more focused on driving the long-term underlying trend. At a high level, you can expect to see us continue scaling the hardware business and using our growing network of devices to drive more high margin cloud services. For adjusted EBITDA, we see ourselves as building a business that supports a long-term target margin of 30%. In the third quarter, adjusted EBITDA margin was about 18%. Our incremental adjusted EBITDA margin compared with Q2 was 68%, demonstrating that we are successfully driving leverage on incremental revenue, while continuing to invest for future growth. We did this through a very intentional approach to capital allocation, driving leverage in G&A and reinvesting it in R&D, as well as through rigorous cost controls. Our growth outlook remains strong. As you saw in our shareholder letter, we're seeing early success in several new adjacent markets, which allows us to sell our core products to new customers, including federal law enforcement, corrections and international markets. You can expect to see us continue to expand the breadth and depth of our product offerings, while also tapping new customers and markets to drive long-term growth and increase our total addressable market. We see a tremendous opportunity to create an even broader ecosystem of products and services that will allow us to continue delivering value to our customers, communities and stakeholders. And with that, operator, let's go to questions.
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] In the interest of time, the company asks that each person limits themselves to one question and one follow-up question. Your first question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Josh Reilly: Hey, guys. This is Josh on for Scott. Congrats on the strong quarter. With the TASER production issues related to the battery now resolved, you mentioned the cartridge issue in the letter. I wanted to get some more color on how that's progressing? How many cartridges are you shipping currently with the new TASERs and what do you expect to get this to in 2020?
Luke Larson: Yeah. Great. Great question, Josh. So to answer the first part of your question, the battery issues are 100% resolved. And with the cartridges, why don't I have Rick to answer that, he's pretty close to the detail.
Rick Smith: Having built, the first one is in the garage, yes, I have an affinity for our cartridges. So we're feeling really good about where we're at with getting the design modifications we talked about earlier this year. Those are through validation. We're in production. We're feeling really good about it. In terms of the number of cartridges per handle sold, with TASER 7, it typically includes about 12 cartridges in the first year, and then there's recurring cartridges in the out-years, which on the plans are typically around 12 cartridges per year as well. But we -- obviously, we don't recognize revenue on the future cartridges until they ship at the anniversary date from when we shifted it in -- from the first receiving the order.
Josh Reilly: Okay, great. And then just a financial question. You raised the revenue guidance nicely up the Q3 beat, are there any other factors other than the TASER gross margin not allowing the excess revenue to flow through to EBITDA here in near-term?
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah. This is Jawad, I'll take that. So we -- essentially, we're looking at the full year delivering $80 million to $85 million. And unfortunately, we had some headwinds earlier in the year with the manufacturing challenges on the TASER Weapon and those are going to be difficult for us to overcome, which is why we left the EBITDA margin at the current guidance -- the previous guidance at $80 million to $85 million, but we are going to see strength in revenue.
Joshua Reilly: Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
John Weidemoyer: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. This is John Weidemoyer for Jonathan. I would like to talk about your pipeline for OSP -- well your OSP in general. I'm wondering about the pipeline of major city deals for OSP 7, 7+, to see your confidence in the visibility and such. And I also have a question about a statement you made in the shareholder letter, if I'm looking at it correctly, in the U.S., your percentage of weapons that were sold through the OSP is 64% and overall 55%. So I'm wondering -- that tells me that outside the U.S., it's closer to 50% or even below 50%. Can you talk about the dynamics there that might be different? And how -- and what might be done to get that to be a higher percentage?
Rick Smith: Okay. So to answer the first question, on the OSP adoption among U.S. customers, we're very pleased with the adoption through three quarters here. This was a program that was launched on January 1st. And frankly, we were expecting a little more of a ramp up to when these would turn into purchases. But our customers have been extremely excited about them. And we've closed roughly 70 to 75 of them through three quarters. And we expect that number to exceed 100 by the end of the year. I think, long-term we view this is the purchasing mechanism for, at least, mid-size and large agencies and hopefully smaller agencies as well. So to answer your question, we're very confident that number of licenses continues to grow nicely. I think, a side effect of that which is also very positive is the fact that this essentially sets up the pool of prospects for RMS customers, for us as well. So very, very pleased with the momentum that OSP 7 and 7+ have provided this year. And believe it will continue. On your second question, just so I understand, the question was the mix of OSPs between domestic and international customers?
Andrea James: So just a point of clarification, John, the 64% in the U.S. is on a recurring, it's Officer Safety Plan plus some sort of TASER subscription like the third point.
Josh Isner: And the question as why is that lower internationally?
John Weidemoyer: Correct.
Josh Isner: It comes down to the fact that, we are still driving toward great product market fit in some international markets. I think we've achieved that in our Tier 1 markets and we are on the verge of achieving that in some of our Tier 2 markets, but across the world, we certainly still have work to do to get to the point where TASER and body cams come together for every police force and there is some circumstances where that might depend on cloud infrastructure in some of these markets. And so, we are confident that we see this trend continuing in Tier 1 and Tier 2 markets in each year. Hopefully, we see more and more of those markets start to appreciate the value of the cloud, plus CW's, plus on Officer cameras as a combination.
Rick Smith: Great. Great question, John. Just for a point of clarification, that was Josh Isner, our Chief Revenue Officer.
John Weidemoyer: Okay, great. Thank you very much. If I could ask one more question. Can you just talk to the competitive landscape and any -- if you have any updates to the competitive response to your new product lineup?
Josh Isner: I can take that as well. Look, we believe we have the best channel combined with the best products and we think both of those are huge competitive differentiators for Axon moving forward.
John Weidemoyer: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you very much. Apologies for the background noise. So hopefully you'll be able to hear me okay. I wanted to ask a follow-up question to your comment that you're looking for faster building of ARR in 2020 than what we've seen in 2019. Can you explain a little bit the dynamics that it will lead to that and what kind of visibility you have on that objective?
Luke Larson: Yeah, look, we've made investments over the past couple of years in things like livestreaming, FedRAMP, ALTR, our other AI services and you're starting to see those investments pay off. Our bookings is going to convert into revenue. We've seen a lot of excitement from our customer base for these software services and that's what's -- that's really what's feeding into it. We've already had a -- we had a nice base of ARR that was building with our core body camera evidence.com product and we're now adding other services on top of it.
James Faucette: And I guess, just to dovetail with that, is that -- you as a team have generally been fairly conservative in addressing your potential TAM. But from our perspective, we're pleased to see new insertion points that you called out in prisms and correction markets and you talked about expanding the TAM. How do you think about your current product portfolio and the sales strategy to pursue those markets? And I guess, maybe more important, are there any gaps you think you need to incrementally invest in to start to address these natural adjacencies? Thanks.
Luke Larson: I think our goal is to identify adjacencies that don't require product overhauls and just small product tweaks to be successful in those. I think for all of us, it starts with the talented team selling into those markets and we believe our products have an ROI in those applications. So certainly, moving forward a point of focus for us to continue to expand our TAM and build momentum in each of those adjacencies over time.
James Faucette: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig-Hallum Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ryan Sigdahl: Hey, guys. It's Ryan Sigdahl on for Steve. As it relates to AB3, the livestreaming, I guess, I'm just trying to reconcile comments today that it is exceeding expectations versus that IACP. And I thought you said initial adoption was not as positive as initially expected due to various friction points. Any help there to, I guess, reconcile those two comments.
Rick Smith: Yeah, this is Rick. So, yes, at IACP, when I got the question, I wasn't saying that it wasn't meeting our expectations. All I was saying there was -- when you're deploying something new like livestreaming, that is a change that's going to require -- the customers are adapting to that new that new capability. So I was just tempering expectations that this isn't a market where at the moment something is available, everybody immediately turns it on. You have to work through policy issues, you have to work through things like -- we're working with unions, et cetera. So there I was just merely pointing out that as excited as we are about livestreaming, there -- just like every service we drive, there it's going to be work to getting adopted and scaling with the customer base. I would contrast that with the comments that is exceeding our expectations in that with the cameras that are going out in the field. We're getting very positive responses from customers. And so, we believe we are successfully executing against those operational challenges of rolling out a new service.
Josh Isner: And it's important also to say -- this is Josh, again, that by virtue of OSP 7+ sales, we have 11,000 users of Aware and Aware+ ready to turn on as soon as they receive their cameras and that number will continue to grow. So it's a good place to start to have 11,000 licenses there and we believe we are on a path to every camera. That is our goal -- that every camera turns into an Aware and Aware+ cam.
Ryan Sigdahl: Great. One more from me. Given TASER 7 production targets at 65,000 units this year, and you've shipped 35,000 through nine months here. Should we assume that you also expect a significant ramp in sales in Q4 or are you guys planning to build some inventory heading into 2020 based on kind of the pipeline you see? Thanks and good luck.
Luke Larson: I'm not sure we're going to comment on the exact pipeline in Q4, but we think it is sufficient to satisfy Q4 demand. It's also a strategic priority as some of these larger T7 deals formulate over the coming quarters that we do have flexibility with inventory to be able to service those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon guys. Hey if I could just reach back to a question earlier in the conversation in terms of the cartridges, was the cartridge backlog here as you ended the quarter and what that look like as we look into the fourth quarter. If we look at the cartridges, the number for the quarter is down year-over-year at the very least?
Luke Larson: I would say, yeah, there is a backlog. It's a consequence of selling so many TASER 7 cert plans to start the first three quarters. We do anticipate clearing that backlog by the end of the year.
Keith Housum: Great. Is it possible to quantify how much that might be?
Josh Isner: We're not going to share that at the moment, but certainly we can commit to our customers that the backlog will be cleared by the end of the year.
Keith Housum: No problem. I have to try there. Second question, if I may follow-up. A little bit in your international business, can you provide some color or commentary on how that proceeded during the quarter? Thanks.
Luke Larson: Sure. So we're very pleased with the execution of the international team as we've talked about before. There'll be kind of lumpy quarters depending on -- just due to the large size of some of the deals, we're working on, but our kind of internal metrics that we use to evaluate international continue to look promising and very confident in the long-term potential of our international markets. And I think as we see revenue continue to climb year-over-year here, we feel that trend will continue.
Rick Smith: I might add as well, that in the international markets, we frequently need to get government approval on new products, for example, in the U.K. or Canada or other markets. So when the TASER 7 goes on sale in the U.S., it's not been approved yet in most of those major markets, but we're making a lot of progress toward those approvals. So that will provide a nice accelerate once our premier product is approved for sale in those countries.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah from a financial perspective, we had really strong bookings. We had $20 million of revenue from international.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Power with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charlie Erlikh: Yeah. Hey guys. This is Charlie Erlikh on for Will. I'm just wondering, have you seen much of an impact from the Motorola and WatchGuard tie up either on the fleet side, body camera side, software any comments on that so far?
Luke Larson: We're looking forward to competing.
Charlie Erlikh: Okay. Fair enough. And also I'm wondering, what you're hearing and seeing from the early beta customers on RMS, Fresno and Cincinnati. What's been their feedback so far. And then kind of tied with that, could you remind us about your CAD plans?
Rick Smith: Yeah. So let me first take Fresno, and then I'll let Jeff take Cincinnati. Since you and I visited with Cincinnati. So I can tell you, I was on the phone immediately before and after the deployment with senior leadership at the Program Manager level and the Chief level. And the feedback was so positive. The thing that stands out to me was, they basically said, we're waiting for like the shoe to drop, because they've done big system conversions before and they have never seen them go this smoothly, and they were able to train 800 officers without disruption of the agency. They found that the new software is just dramatically more intuitive and easy to use. And overall, they became -- they actually went to a major -- a conference with other major city police chiefs. The week after they made the deployment and that's normally right when things are getting pretty ugly, as they explain to us, and in fact they rolled out to that conference and we're frankly making lots of really positive lot of agreed statements and it become a great reference customer. That's Fresno. I will say on dispatch, we're not going to give any more insight on dispatch at this point. So, I'll just -- we'll talk about that more as we roll into next year. It is our next upcoming big software release, but we're -- but I'm not going to give you any more details. Jeff, do you want to talk a little about the reaction of Cincinnati with Records?
Jeff Kunins: Sure. I think -- you know, I think that Cincinnati is a great evidence point, both of excitement about what we've built so far and of the leverage that the OSP 7+ and other integrated bundles that Josh was talking about earlier provides for us. So Fresno, immediately went to an all agency wide replacement of their RMS system, and as Rick said that they have been very thrilled with it so far. In Cincinnati, the first thing that they did was they deployed one piece of our new RMS system, call it, standards, and it's for a variety of key critical reports like use of force reporting, and they did that alongside their existing RMS for other workloads. They were still happy, both with the performance of our RMS standard module, but also how much they love the user experience and how well it tied in with everything else that we're familiar with from Axon that it helped them quickly come to the decision to commit to an agency wide deployment of RMS. And because at the exact same time, they signed on for OSP 7+ that makes it an extremely easy purchasing decision for them as well as they roll forward into next year, and they publicly made a press release a few weeks ago to the effect on both points.
Charlie Erlikh: Great. And that's really helpful, and congrats on a very strong quarter.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charlie Anderson: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. And I've been hopping between calls tonight. So apologize, if these questions have already been answered. But two part on gross margins. Obviously, it had some strength in the camera side or sensor side. I wonder to what degree was that influenced by sort of the usage of the LTE, is that a factor here to some degree and over a period of time? And then on the TASER gross margin as you cut over to the new component on the cartridge, I wonder, does that get to 270 or can you potentially go beyond that with the new lower-cost component? And then, I've got a follow-up.
Jawad Ahsan: I'll take the first part of that question. Our gross margins in Q3 were not impacted by LTE. The main driver there we continue to see improvement in the cost structure for the TASER Weapon, as well as the cartridges, as well as the standard operational execution. And then, Luke do you want to take the second question.
Luke Larson: Yeah. And then just on that first point, we're also seeing a lot of success with our higher bundle programs, which we talked about on the call as well. And what was the second question again.
Charlie Anderson: It was on that when you make the change on the TASER cartridge, do you expect to go to – step back to 70 type area for gross margin because you actually go beyond that.
Luke Larson: We're laser focused on improving the margin. Our primary goal is to get to full production that we have line of sight to. And then as we ramp-up to full production, we will continue to increase margins in Q4 and throughout 2020 as well.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I'd add a little bit more color there, because we did have a cartridge backlog as we were making this change, we expect to have a higher percentage of cartridges in the fourth quarter in the TASER segment than normal and cartridges do carry a lower margin than the services or the TASER handle in the bundle. So it's not like – there is going to be a snap back to historic margin levels in the fourth quarter. There is going to be some puts and takes. The margin on cartridges is improving, but the mix is going to go a little bit the other direction. And in these plans, we also do have services that are sold with TASER 7 that do defer some very high margin revenue out of the quarter of initial shipment and into the future. So that's going to be very helpful, where over time, we're very happy with the margins of the TASER 7 bundles. They tend not to – they don't show as well in the first quarter of shipping, there is a lot on those high margin stuff is deferred into future quarters, but obviously over time that's going to lead a nice continued or upward pressure on margins.
Luke Larson: Yeah. And I want to make sure I put a crystal clear point on that that our gross margins will be flat to slightly down driven by mix, not driven by anything in the Weapon segment, because of the cartridge mix, as Richard mentioned, but our objective is still to deliver the $80 million to $85 million of EBITDA that's baked into our guidance.
Charlie Anderson: Great. Thank you for all the detail. And then for my follow-up. On RMS, you've obviously got these two customers, I think, you sort of referred to them as launch customers or reference customers. I wonder, does there need to be a digestion period for them to use it for some period of time before the next tier of customers jumps or any commentary on maybe the pace of wins we should expect in the next year on RMS? Thank you so much.
Luke Larson: Yep. I think, to put it simply, our goal is to continue to accelerate adoption of OSP 7+. And starting next year, as I said earlier in the call, like, we're expanding this pool of prospects within that universe. We will start to go back and swap those customers in for deployments. And so the timing depends on not only our customers timing, but also what their requirements are and so forth. And we're going to be working through that over the next 12 months and beyond, and we certainly expect significant adoption of the platform and a very confident OSP 7+ continues to be the mechanism that drives that.
Charlie Anderson: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Rick Smith: Great. Hey, thanks everybody for tuning in. After our last quarter, look, we had some operational challenges in Q2. And I can tell you, we really challenged the team and the company here. And in fact, there were some calls with analysts, who were wondering why we didn't pull back on our EBITDA guidance for the year given the challenges in the second quarter. We said, hey, we're going to put some grid, we're going to put our shoulder to the wheel here and we're going to get it done. And I couldn't be prouder, I mean, there's a lot of smiles in the room here. I mean, people work nights and weekends and really hard to deliver the results that we done in the quarter and there is still a lot of work to do in Q4, but I couldn't be prouder that we're going to deliver on our commitments. We're committed to continue to grow a great company, excited to have built out the team with some great new Board members and Jeff another new employees and we look forward to talking to you all after the holidays and looking forward to bright 2020.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Robert, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I’d like to welcome everyone to Axon Q2 2019 Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session at which time instructions will follow. I will now turn the call over to Andrea James, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Strategy. You may begin your conference.
Andrea James: Thank you, Robert. Hello everyone I'm Andrea James. Welcome to Axon second quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Here in the room in our Seattle R&D office we have Axon CEO, Rick Smith; President, Luke Larson; and CFO, Jawad Ahsan; our Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner is also joining us remotely. This call is being broadcast online and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. You can find our reported results in our quarterly shareholder letter with which we have posted to investor.axon.com and we have also filed with the SEC. Today's call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our future expectation, belief, intent, intentions or strategies including projections regarding revenue growth, profitability and product development. We intend that all forward looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Axon forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations. Our estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail in our Forms 10-K and 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings, as well as our other SEC filings, at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov by searching under the AAXN ticker. I hope you all have had a chance to read our Shareholder Letter which you can find at investor.axon.com and management’s remarks today are meant to build upon the information in that letter. Please go ahead, Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. And thank you everybody for joining us today. We're proud of the progress we're making in driving strength in our software business and we had a strong bookings quarter as our sales team really went out and sold the Officer Safety Plan 7 this quarter. There's a lot of positive momentum and underlying strength in the business. That said, the quarter did not meet our expectations. So I want to ensure everyone understands the puts and takes that affected our results. As you all know, we've been working hard on ramping TASER 7 and all of the subassemblies associated with the program. We experienced a disruption in our supply chain when our battery component supplier on the TASER 7 was unable to meet our stringent quality standards as its scale. We since worked closely with the supplier to help them scale and it is now producing at production volumes. Unfortunately, as a result, about $3 million worth of forecasted TASER 7 sales shifted from Q2 into Q3 2019. From a TASER gross margin standpoint, we also saw some pressure related to a write-off of some obsolete inventory that we were not able to utilize due to design change. While the short-term pain of this write up with disappointing, we estimate the results would be associated, design refinements will reduce our cost of goods for the TASER 7 cartridges by around 33% around the end of this year. Given that cartridges can represent more than 65% of the hardware costs in some TASER 7 programs, these cost savings will have a material impact in improving margins in the TASER segment. Taking a step back on product launches, one of the reasons we brought in Hans Moritz who comes from Intel to lead Hardware Engineering was I saw opportunities to improve our new product and production processes. Hans has brought in several senior members on his team and I'm excited by the energy and rigor that they are bringing to our new product introduction process. Of course, that team has been here for just a few months, but I've been working with them very closely and can say I have a high degree of confidence in the improvements that they are implementing. For example, we now have teams that are spending more time at suppliers earlier in the process. In the overall level of coordination between engineering and our suppliers and our in-house manufacturing teams is evolving to a whole new level. Looking to the future, I feel great about our ability to reaccelerate in sustaining growth. OSP 7 Plus is generating a lot of interest and it's exceeding our expectations. As we mentioned in our shareholder letter, major agency adoption of the OSP 7 Plus plan already includes Atlanta, Baltimore, and Minneapolis. Major agency customer reception to the TASER 7 has been strong and we expect that revenue will continue to build. You don't see it right now in the P&L because of the low upfront hardware ASP due to bundling, but all the amortized revenue on the TASER 7 program will add up on cartridges, software, and warranty. Turning to Axon Body 3, we went to a healthy level of detail in our shareholder letter about some of the achievements we've solved in bringing that product to market and what remains, namely completion of the carrier certification. Pretty much every customer I've spoken to this year seems energized about Axon Body 3. We've done demos and tests with some of the largest police departments in the world, and it’s clearly a game changers. This is a really powerful camera and most capitalist will receive it automatically as an upgrade. Then we can enable a whole new host of services once the hardware supports real-time connectivity. We're going from a body camera that gives you a historical look at what happened to a real-time connected device and that has the potential to become an assistant on your chest. We're looking forward to putting Axon Body 3 into the hands of customers this quarter and we're planning for meaningful shipments in Q4. With that, I'll turn the call over to Luke Larson.
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. For everyone listening today, I just want you to know we take the earnings mix very seriously. I personally take responsibility for it and I'm very confident in the plan to put in place to correct this. We're laser-focused on improving both margins and the scale of the TASER 7 program. I’d now like to talk about the software and sensor segment which is a real bright spot in the quarter and it should continue to be. Not only did we see record bookings but we’re driving profitability in that segment as well. I want to highlight that the underlying software and storage revenue in that segment carry gross margins above 80% and we continue to sign new users at a healthy rate. In my time at Axon, we created this new category, the bodywork camera software ecosystem to support it and we have now proved out sustainability in it. And we don't feel good about that, we feel great about that. This is a great milestone and a great launch point for our next two software businesses. Given that Axon records and dispatch in those categories, we’re not inventing new software category but intend to simply earn market share in already existing profitable markets. Our path to sustainability at healthy margins should be much faster. Software segment bookings grew 60% over Q2 of last year and we were up 86% sequentially. To me, this is a testament to our strategy on both product development and also our pricing and sales. We look forward to bringing more and more major agencies on to OSP 7. What's really exciting is that the monthly ARPU for our OSP 7 Plus customers is around $100, which is more than double our historic averages. As you know creating value for our customers and driving ARPU are among our top strategic goals. For Axon records, we noted in our shareholder letters that our product has passed acceptance testing with two major cities. What's interesting to note about one of the cities is that they aren't doing an entire rip and replace of their existing records system, they're at first deploying several critical modules with the Axon solution and over time they will migrate more and more of their RMF functionality onto the Axon platform. We believe this credibly demonstrates that we have multiple paths to growing our customer base with the software product that will add capability over time. Now, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks Luke. When I step back and look at the bigger picture outside of the TASER issue this quarter there are a lot of positive indicators, from record bookings to growing ARPUs, to successive OSP 7, to annual recurring revenue growth of 40% to take control and operating expenses, there's a lot to be excited about and I believe we have strong underlying fundamentals. First, we're successfully moving the needle on selling high margin, long term recurring contracts. As Luke mentioned, the new OSP 7 deal that we signed in the quarter carry substantially higher software average revenue per unit than our current average. An important metric that we look at is how much of our revenue is tied to bundled recurring contracts. In 2016, it was 34%. In 2017 it was 46%. In 2018 it was 55%. And we're driving this number even higher in 2019 given that nearly all of our software and sensors contracts and half of our new TASER orders to the first two quarters of 2019 are tied to its subscription. Second, it's important to us to demonstrate that we're building businesses that can stand on their own and fund R&D and new ventures. The core body camera and software business is now doing exactly that. Not only self-supporting but allowing us to invest into the next generation of software products we're developing. We achieved this milestone ahead of plan. Third, our cash and short term investment balance grew over $7 million sequentially despite an approximately $8 million use of cash associated with our transition and subscription contracts. Finally, we continue to execute on strong cost controls, stripping out the impairment charge, operating expenses actually fell sequentially. Turning to our outlook, we are reiterating our full-year guidance in providing commentary around our Q3 expectations in the shareholder letter. We recognize that this year is very back half weighted due to the timing of TASER 7 shipments and the launch of Axon Body 3. We have a lot to deliver on but we also have a lot to be excited about and our teams are heading down executing. And with that operator, let's go to questions.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Scott Berg with Needham. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Josh on for Scott. I was just wondering can we get some more color - do you anticipate any delays with the AB3 in the certification process with carriers? Or any production issues similar to what's happening with the TASER 7 or what gives you confidence that that product will launch on time?
Rick Smith: So this is Rick. So we have - we are performing and passing our internal tests which mimic the carrier certification test. So we believe the design is solid and it’s in the process now. I was talking with our VP of Operations just earlier today, he is in Asia and was meeting with the CEO of our supplier. In this case, we are - the AB3 is fundamentally being built by a contract supplier that does very large volumes of lots of cameras and similar electronic devices. So in terms of scale, I think AB3 is a little bit different, in that the TASER devices, those are a little bit more of a boutique where we are producing them in-house. There are no other products like them in the world. And with TASER 7, it was a new design and it's become obvious now, we had some challenges in the quarter with that. I think with Axon Body 3, there’s a fundamental difference in that this is a product category from a manufacturing perspective that is much less unique. And we're doing this with a manufacturing partner that operates at a much larger scale. And so as we get through the final design lock and certification, I think there's just inherently less risk in what we're building there and being able to scale it quickly.
Unidentified Analyst: And then I just had one follow-up question. You mentioned $6 million in the quarter - or there's $6 million in TASER 7 demand that couldn't be met. And $3 million of that is going to be met in Q3. What happened to the other $3 million?
Rick Smith: So that’s - we expect that to be filled in the back half of the year. That other $3 million relates to the cartridges and the - so the first $3 million is pretty easy because we shift that and that’s now then recognized. The cartridges of - we anticipate we may still have some backlog in Q3 as they roll into Q4. So there wasn’t as certain that backlog would be cleared in the third quarter, but we have higher confidence we’ll be able to clear out by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Strouse with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Strouse: Understandably, a lot of discussion about the - I'm sorry can hear me?
Rick Smith: Yes. Mark, we can hear you.
Mark Strouse: So the supply issues the you'd - okay, great. Excluding the supply issues that you talked about, can you just kind of talk about the demand picture for TASER 7? Is that meeting your original expectations or something change there and then kind of along similar lines, I mean, I understand that the software and sensors bookings is at an all-time high. Are you able to kind of say how much of that is tied to TASER 7 with its bundle? It might be hard to break-out but anything that can help investors kind of get a sense of what included in weapons and what's more of your traditional software and sensors looking at like a year-over-year basis?
Rick Smith: Mark. Great call. We're going to have Josh, our Head of Sales answer that one.
Josh Isner: Thanks for the question. On TASER 7, we are definitely pleased with the early and high levels of adoption of this product. As we scale any product, I think the availability of trials and evaluations out of the gate is always somewhat of a constraining factor, but we’ve seen the number of active trials in the fields going up every quarter and the number of large deals at the top end of the market continue to be encouraging. So we feel really good about TASER 7 long term, especially given that many of our largest TASER 7 contracts are on the $60 certification plan. So you might not see that early on with the average selling price, but as time goes on, the value of that plan will certainly become evident in the results. On the booking side, all of that is the same way we've always measured software and sensors booking. So it's - there's no TASER components in that. It's solely body cams, Axon Fleet, Evidence.com licenses and our software add-ons that go along with Evidence.com or features of Evidence.com.
Mark Strouse: Okay, great. That's it for me. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Let me add a little bit more color to that. One thing - to me the strongest indicator in the quarter and really the first half of the year was the sales of the OSP 7 Plus plan. Luke and I stood on the stage and challenged the sales team at the beginning of the year that really this was a year where it's really important that we could prove that we can sell the high volume, high margin software products we've been investing in. And so, seeing our biggest orders from our biggest customers coming in on the OSP 7 Plus plan, not the OSP 7, 7 Plus, that incremental $50. It's all high value and high utility software. To me, that was an incredibly positive result. The other thing I think I would mention and really, look at the TASER 7 margins like nobody is happy about the operational issues that we have at the addressed margin. But that obviously is one other factor with the margins being down because of the high percentage vacancies that are bundling OSP 7 Plus right being here discounts across that bundle get applied to the TASER as well as the high - to draw a software product. And so the OSP 7 Plus plan can basically lead to some perceived margin compression, but it’s more than perceived. The accounting margin compression on TASER 7 because the whole bundle is applied to the TASER 7 upfront and then you see more software come in over time. But that is a true first world problem to have that we're seeing so many of our customers buying TASER 7 as part of this larger bundle.
Jawad Ahsan: The other thing that I’d add first thing is about that all three of those were upgrades from existing body camera deals.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Andrea James: Sure, I think we can make it two. Two questions is fine. Keep going.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of James Faucette with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Eric on for James. Thanks for taking our question. Congrats on the initial wreckers acceptance that's pretty cool. I'm just wondering as you've undergone that testing with your initial customers have you learned anything about how we should think about the timing to roll out moving forward and maybe if the products at a point where it's completely scalable and can be turned on quickly or just how we should be thinking about that with future customers.
Rick Smith: So in the back half of this year, we're really focused On making sure that we get the product right with couple major agencies, so, that we can really scale the products going into 2020. And the way we’re thinking about that is nailing the acceptance testing with a couple really agencies that are indicative of the larger market. And we're using the OSP 7 Plus deals to create a big pipeline so that we can scale rapidly moving into next year.
Josh Isner: I would add - this is the first time we've been through the end user training and that's gone particularly well with the officers really give me a lot of positive feedback. But I’d say it’s probably early for us to driving new conclusions about the deployability outside of these early customers just given we're pretty early in the process.
Unidentified Analyst: That definitely makes sense. And then just thinking of the tie in there with OSP 7 is it being presented in a way where you're pushing for OSP 7 sales with the idea that those customers that sign up will eventually add in the records functionality is that kind of the way to be thinking about it?
Rick Smith: Absolutely. We look at this like we're building a long term pipeline of customers that can or can convert over to Axon record. So, certainly we believe our customers are having a very good experience with Evidence.com and these OSP 7 Plus features I think continue to amplify that and we expect a lot of those customers to then as a result have a lot of faith in us to deliver a revolutionary record system.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum with Northerncoast Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: A question for you guys on the Axon Body 3. I understand that was strong, next one we hear is a certification from carriers, but our understanding especially with AT&T is there’s been challenges that they have in getting the certification process done in a timely manner. What confidence do you guys have that these guys will be able to do it in a timely manner and have it done for you guys by the end of the quarter?
Rick Smith: We're confident in the certification process. Obviously, when you're working with a third party, we defer to them on the final say, but based on all the visibility that we have, that's one area where we have a high amount of confidence.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. I would just add on AT&T has spent in the tens of billions of dollars on the first net project and we've heard from them pretty directly that ours is if not the most critical, one of the most critical used cases of live streaming video. So I think we were getting just a tremendously positive amount of support from them. I think they see this as being a very strategic partnership.
Keith Housum: And then on the annotated side of the manufacturing process, it sounds like the supplier issue with the batteries is done. Outside of that issue, how is the scrap rate I guess after that now versus where it was at the end of the last two quarters? Are you guys getting to the whole scrap rate that you guys now find acceptable?
Rick Smith: So, we're continuing to make progress. I know scrap rates on handles have continued to improve pretty consistently. The issue with the cartridges, I've been personally deeply involved in that. We've – we’re feeling really good about where the design is and we think certainly by the end of the year, we're going to see some significant building materials, cost reductions happening in cartridges. In terms of - sort of - I’d say that by the fourth quarter, we should be seeing some real progress. I don’t know if I would straight line it from Q2 to Q4. We still are - are still ramping through Q3. But I think by the end of the year, we'll be in a really good spot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho with William Blair & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is [indiscernible] for Jonathan Ho. Thanks for taking our questions. If I could - could you elaborate further on the TASER 7 supply chain issue - too, I agree on some of what – how you rectified the situation. And obviously, it's more - it’s probably higher demand than what the supplier has been used to. Was it significantly higher demand that they just never seen it before. And I’m wondering, you’re a month into 3Q, do you have any data thus far even though it's only one-third to the quarter that gives you confidence that the situation has been rectified?
Josh Isner: So there’s one thing in particular, the supply chain issue was with the battery supplier. I would not say that it's mind blowing quantities of batteries. It was more just as we were scaling, we’re very sensitive around issues like batteries. This is mission critical for [indiscernible] we do a lot of testing. And as we might - as supply was ramping, we found some things that we - that we weren't happy with how it is scaling. And our team was all over it. I'm really proud of them for that. And in fact, we thought we would get the replacement, the batteries we needed even by the end of the quarter. So it was just one of the disappointments where a shipment didn’t come in on time. But I’ve been assured that the team feels very confident that the supplier has been very collaborative, is taking the feedback and implemented and we’ve now – we’re receiving those in higher quantities and we continue to keep a very close eye on quality issues and we're feeling we're in a really good spot. But it wasn't like we blew up – it wasn’t less on quantity and I think just a higher retention, we’re very sensitive on the battery issues and paying a lot of attention, make sure they scale it well.
Unidentified Analyst: So it sounds like it’s more of a quality thing than alliance thing, okay. And just another question, so the design change, the $3 million that was impacted by the design change, was it the design change that was unplanned or was it the amount of impact from the design change that was unplanned?
Rick Smith: So good question. So in order for us to - the design of the TASER 7 cartridges using some components that frankly, adversely impact the cost and from an availability, we also just can't get enough supply to meet the demand. So this was a planned design change. This design change solves two big challenges for us. One of them is it significantly reduces the cost and the other it also releases a big constraint on quantities. So as we rolled that design change in, we decided to make a risk purchase of some of the components before we completed validation. And I was right in the middle of that decision, in fact, I think it was the right call. Those design changes rolled into the training cartridges. Ultimately, we didn't pass validation, I think part of that is because we're really doing heavy validation testing. And so the risk purchase there we ended up having to scrap a lot of what we’ve purchased there and that’s what hit the quarter. We have validated the revision to that design and we’ve been testing the heck out of it. That is not completely out of validation but we’ve tested it for all of the relevant issues for which it didn’t pass in round one and it went through with flying colors on the issues that we were concerned about so. And that is we – this was part of a design change. It was planned. We had to scrap the parts because the first pass of the design didn't pass full validation and we have made a decision to go ahead and purchase on a risk basis before the design was fully validated an asset. I think our risk is sometimes it doesn't go your way and in this case it didn't had it passed validation we’d be talking about a very different quarter. But we’ve now – that design has passed the hard parts of validation and our team is all over it and I’m feeling really good that this puts us in a much better position by the end of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Julianna DeSimone with Imperial Capital. Please go ahead your line is open.
Julianna DeSimone: This is Julianna DeSimone on behalf of Imperial Capital. Two question. What progress has Axon made in integrating with all major CAD systems being used by police departments?
Rick Smith: If I understand the question correctly it’s, what progress have we made integrating with CAD systems?
Julianna DeSimone: Yes.
Rick Smith: So our current our current evidence management system, Evidence.com is deployed by pretty much all of our domestic U.S. customers with our body cameras has a CAD integration that we’ve used at high volume. I don't have the percentage off the top of my head but it's used in a lot of agencies to auto categorize the events which is a huge benefit to the agencies from a cost perspective. Now, we are also developing a new dispatch solution that we’re currently still in research and development on.
Julianna DeSimone: And is the integrated solution that Axon is offering creating a situation in which those law enforcement departments and other large and smaller districts are now under pressure to keep up with their fellow departments in the same state?
Rick Smith: I would say our Dispatch product is going to be revolutionary in terms of the approach that we've taken and it's tightly integrated with the Axon platform. So, once they roll out our entire suite of hardware and software product, they're going to see - just a totally different way of achieving efficacy with this new Dispatch solution which I think is going to put a lot of competitive pressure on agencies to say, hey are we using the latest technology that's available in these mission critical situations.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig-Hallum & Company Capital. Please go ahead, your line is open.
Ryan Sigdahl: It’s Ryan Sigdahl on for Steve. Given the Q3 and full year guidance it implies a very significant ramp in revenue in Q4. I guess what gives you confidence in that acceleration and how much of that has been booked versus expectations for potential deals in the pipeline?
Rick Smith: So, let me take the first part what gives me confidence is the team of people we have working on this. So, I have very high confidence in our team’s ability to deliver. Josh you were talking a bit about how much of this is already booked?
Josh Isner: Yes, I'm not going to go into specifics on this but we have a healthy number of TASER assurance plan upgrades scheduled, as well as several large deals in the pipeline that we have to execute on frankly in the second half of the year. But certainly, it's right there in front of us. And after a miss, the team is a little upset and more motivated than ever to get this back on track, and that's what we're going to focus on doing in the second half of the year.
Ryan Sigdahl: And then as a follow-up to that, I mean, so big revenue ramp, also the incremental EBITDA margins by my math is something like 90% from first half to second half. I guess as far as OpEx growth or lack thereof versus gross margin expansion, can you help kind of give – what gives you confidence in that in that ramp and then between the two, OpEx and gross margin.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So the way that I'm thinking about this, look, it's tough to give gross margin guidance in a year when you're launching a new product, and it's really tough to do that in a year that you're launching several products, which is why we haven't given specifically guidance on that. And we don't intend to do that but we have guided on the top line and the bottom line on revenue and EBITDA. And our intent is to deliver on that. We're very conscious of our margin profile. We spend a lot of time talking about that internally. And we're driving – we're taking actions to drive to that long-term guidance. Our focus right now is on successful product launches. These are new platforms TASER 7, AB3, these are new platforms that are going to drive value over a long period of time. And what we want to focus on right now is making sure that these products are performing to our high standards, providing the customers with the great experience. And we're going to trade gross margin dollars to ensure that in the short term. Rick mentioned, for example, there's a team working on design refinements that are going to deliver cost improvements, and that's an example of where we're trading up gross margin dollars to do that. And we're going to continue to do that to make sure that these products are successful. But again, we are mindful of the gross margin profile we’re driving to those - to that guidance over the long-term. So, recap, we’ve given a top and bottom line on revenue and EBITDA guidance for the year where our intent is to deliver on that and we're driving the business long-term on gross margins.
Ryan Sigdahl: If I can sneak one more quick one in here and then I'll hop back in the queue. Previously, you guys said that you offered a larger TASER trading credit which was effective through July 1 with a lower credit available through the end of the year. Is that still the right plan or assumption? Thanks and good luck.
Rick Smith: Yes, that's still correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Godfrey with C.L. King. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Godfrey: Two questions. First one, a quick one. What was international revenue in the quarter?
Jawad Ahsan: We’re just pulling that up, George. $18 million.
George Godfrey: $18 million. Okay. Following up on the profitability you just talked about Jawad, can you remind me what are you targeting for the long-term operating margin between the TASER business and the software and sensor business?
Jawad Ahsan: So we were not thinking in terms of operating margin because what we - one of the dynamics of the business is that we have all these administrative costs that are basically sitting in the TASER P&L and to try to allocate that is a very arbitrary exercise between segments. So, we have guided to that gross margin in the TASER segment and it will be 70% and then software and sensors will also be 70% longer term. And then the overall business for 2019, we’ve guided to the $80 million to $85 million in EBITDA. We still - we still are mindful of the fact that we’ve said at the end of 2017, that 300 to 400 basis points of margin improvement.  But again, with all the product launches we have and frankly, the pretty exciting market opportunity we had ahead of us, we want to make sure that we're making investments into the business to capture those opportunities and so in 2019, the EBITDA guidance is $80 million to $85 million.
George Godfrey: And I appreciate that and I always appreciate the color. I was just thinking in a steady state, whether that's one year, three years, five years, A, what is that margin look like and B, can you put a timeline on what that timeline is to get to a steady state because it just always seems like it’s constantly pushing out? Thanks.
Jawad Ahsan: So on adjusted EBITDA, that margin what we're targeting is 30% long-term and we haven't given a specific time frame for that margin. But I can tell you that as we bring new software products online, we can expect that margin to accelerate. For example, this quarter when you look at our Axon cloud business, you strip out professional services, all our software products today are delivering over 80% margins and we're now over the next 12 to 24 months, we're going to be bringing records online dispatch those are going to be at very high margins as well. And so I would expect that in the next few years that we're going to be approaching that 30% adjusted EBITDA margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Erlikh with Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Charlie Erlikh: Thanks for taking the question. Just had a bigger picture question on RMS, when you look at the RMS competitive landscape there are a lot of existing players. So could you just remind us what it is about your record product that gives you confidence in your ability to displace those existing players?
Rick Smith: So two things, in the short term, just the integration of digital evidence and records together is very valuable not to have to like write your records in one system and then have all of your videos and photos. We're seeing body camera videos. They're becoming the central element of every record. Right. That's the thing that records would actually happen and having one integrated experience where your video is built right into the record rather than sort of everything else is a digital representation of pieces of paper. And then you separately go into our system that these agencies for their records. I’m sorry for the video record, so that integration is one. The other I would say is just in general, the level of design experience is just - it’s very different from what customers had historically which is why we had be able to feedback our items from agent. Customers are going through training now saying wow, this is like seven stars on a five-star basis. And then the long term real advantage we have is to be able to extract the records from our smart sensors. AB3 is a connected device that is really being optimized with multiple microphones, so that we can really do some better transcription and audio tuning specifically so that we can do better transcription and we can ultimately extract the audio and the video to pre-populated much of the report. These officers today's spent - the sensors for today’s RMS systems are cops typing on keyboards, the sensors that will power our system, our body cameras in-car cameras, drones, interview rooms all of the smart sensors. That is the strength of our business today is the engine that will drive our record management system into the future.
Charlie Erlikh: And then, just one quick one on Fleet. Is Fleet getting their reception that you guys expected so far and I’d also be curious to hear your thoughts on how Motorola WatchGuard acquisition changes at competitive landscape in Fleet or elsewhere.
Rick Smith: Yes, we - I mean not to be critical of our competitors but we were really taking a bite out of WatchGuard's market share with our integrated offering. And so, we're not - I don't know that adding to subpar solutions makes a better one. And so, we're really confident in our Fleet program or Fleet roadmap our Fleet product lead is the kind of blade, and you just really got a compelling future vision, so we feel really confident about our in-car position.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Julianna DeSimone with Imperial Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Julianna DeSimone: Thanks for taking my question. What types of software in forensic analytics upgrade is Axon’s working on to enhance the total solution?
Rick Smith: We haven’t - that would require getting into a little more detail in terms of our specific roadmap around what we’re doing with record and dispatch. So, certainly, analytic is an area we see as a real differentiator particularly because of our AI theme and the thing that we’ll be able to automate with today are very manual processes. But we haven’t given any future levels specifics on our roadmap there.
Operator: That concludes today's call. I now turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Andrea James: All right. So thanks everybody for joining us on the call today. In the next quarter we will be hosting an event for our analysts and major institutional shareholders at the International Association of Chiefs of Police. The conference this year will be in Chicago and we look forward to seeing you there and discussing our results on our next quarterly call. So thanks everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mike, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Axon Reports Q1 2019 Financial Results. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Luke Larson, President of Axon. You may begin your conference.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon to everyone. I’m Luke Larson, the President of Axon. Welcome to Axon’s first quarter 2019 earnings conference call. Before we get started, Andrea James, our VP of Investor Relations will read the Safe Harbor statement.
Andrea James: Hello, everyone. Here in the room in Scottsdale, we have Luke Larson, our CFO; Jawad Ahsan and our Chief Revenue Officer; Josh Isner, and CEO; Rick Smith who is joining us from San Francisco. This call is being broadcast online and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. You can find our reported results and our quarterly shareholder letter, which is available at investor.axon.com and we’ve also filed with the SEC. Today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our future expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies including projections for revenue growth, profitability, and products development. We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Axon’s forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations. Our estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks and uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail in our Form 10-K and 10-Q under the caption, Risk Factors. You may find these filings, as well as our other SEC filings at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov by searching under the Axon ticker, AAXN. All right, go ahead Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea, and thanks for joining us to our investors today. This is a symbolic quarter for Axon because it is the first quarter where we are recognizing high margin software revenue on our TASER program. The revenue will grow as we move TASER 7 through the installed base and drive subscription contracts. And the marginal cost of that revenue is so low that this quarter it rounds to zero. So that feels pretty good. That's why you build software businesses, our recurring revenue is now more than $122 million, up 47% from a year ago. Our shareholder letter is pretty robust this quarter because our team accomplished a lot since our February update, including significantly retiring product launch risk on Axon Body 3 and moving closer to day zero with a major city agency deploying Axon records. Our software product launches, Axon Performance and Reduction Assistant are setting new industry standards for using AI to drive efficiency managing body camera programs. And I'm especially excited about that FedRAMP certification. That's a stealth initiative we've been working on for three years. Securing FedRAMP opens up the federal market for us. Last month, Luke and I attended an Axon Salute to Federal Law Enforcement on Capitol Hill formerly kicking off our entry into the federal market. Any of these accomplishments we're announcing this quarter could have been impressive on its own. And I'm really proud of Axon's teams who continue to push hard and deliver on behalf of our customers. Every products we bring to market is the result of extensive discussions with our customers. In the early days of TASER, we would develop new products in a black box and unveil them when they were finished. That's a model that could result in spectacular successes or failures. We spent millions of dollars developing the TASER X3, a three-shot TASER that I still believe was a great weapon, it's one of my personal favorites but it was a commercial failure and we barely sold any because it was just too big and complicated. I'm glad that I learned that lesson early on, today no product is developed in a vacuum. We spend a lot of time listening to customers and what we're hearing is that the result of this means TASER 7, Axon Body 3 with LTE connectivity and Axon Records are all game changers and customers love them. And while we've been confident in demand for these products we’re increasingly confident about the timelines we've publicly announced, Q3 for Axon Body 3, and later in the year for Axon Records. Making a slight pivot, I want to let you know – I want all of you to know that I have a book coming to market later this month, it's called The End of Killing. It's a personal project I did not seek permission from the board before writing it because I believe it's a book that needs to be written and I want you to hear about it from me. The subject involves my life's work and much of the work it acts on, which is using technology to solve one of humanity's oldest problems, the killing of people. I've been giving talks around the country to champion this idea and one thing that I ask audiences is to guess under what scenarios police are trained to shoot to kill. It's a bit of a trick question actually because police are not trained nor authorized to shoot to kill. Police are trained to shoot only to stop a threat, it just so happens that up until now the best tools we've given them to stop a threat are lethal bullets. Killing is a technology problem, we're making a dent in it and Axon is well-positioned ultimately to help solve it. We're getting a lot closer to competing with the handgun with TASER 7 and I think we'll get even closer with TASER 8. I've challenged our internal teams to develop a TASER weapon that outperforms a handgun as measured by time to incapacitation of a threat within the next decade and I believe less lethal energy weapons will surpass the performance of kinetic projectiles within this same timeframe. The bullets days at the top of the force spectrum are numbered. Speaking of TASER, let me turn the call over to Luke to do a bit of a deep dive on booting up TASER 7.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick and thank you to everyone who can make it out to Axon Accelerate last week. We had nearly 2,000 attendees largely representing the top 1,200 U.S. agencies in law enforcement as well as the attendees from police forces around the world. Our Axon Accelerate attendance was very intentional to get the right customers there. We also invited several analysts and investors and it was great that they got to see the excitement as well. One of our key goals for the year is to create a rabid fan base and I'm here to tell you at the event we've sold out our swag easier to have stuffed animals of canines, we sold over $30,000 worth of T-shirts and Axon branded swag. We will never be complacent with building on our customer relationships but selling out the stuff really blew me away. Of course, the purpose of the conference is not to sell T-shirts, we also generated more contract pipeline at Accelerate than we generated at IECP, a conference with over 10,000 people. Now IECP is still a very important conference to us, but to me these numbers are a great leading indicator that we're building the preeminent tech conference in public safety. In February I told you that I was laser focused on three main execution items this year ensuring the success of the TASER 7 launch, bringing Axon Body 3 to market and launching Axon Records. Let’s drill down on the first one. We feel confident that TASER 7 will be a major revenue and gross profit driver for our business over the next several years, in Q1 TASER segment gross margins were pressured by two main factors ASP, average selling price and scrap rates both will improve over time and we're improving even as we speak. On the ASP side we're making the strategic decision to offer trading credits to major agencies many of which we're - with who are buying new TASER devices from us early as a year ago. We offer a prorated credit to incentivize customers to adopt TASER 7 sooner and this delivers a greater total customer lifetime value than if we waited for their existing TASERs to age beyond their useful life. So we're seeing some near term ASP compression related to these credits but this was expected and it will actually paid out over time as existing devices in the field age actually view this as an extreme positive. And then it means we've got a great response to our new weapon where customers want to upgrade early. Now I want to touch on TASER 7 manufacturing yields and scrap rates which are all tracking to the plan especially I want to sharing a light here for the benefit of our software focused analyst and investors Axon in specifically our TASER unit has more than 25 years of experience in manufacturing TASER devices. And we've invested heavily in building out this capability. Anytime we introduce a new TASER there is a production ramp that requires us to refine the production process because TASER devices are used in tactical situations. We perform validation checks on every device before we ship it to the customer. If any part of the weapon does not pass our validation checks we scrap it and improve the manufacturing process. This process is par for the course for historically TASER launches. With Taser 7 we're seeing high demand and so we're ramping production more quickly than previous models. For example, our Q1 unit volume for TASER 7 is on par with the entire first year shipping of the TASER X2 which we introduced in 2011. I feel very confident that we have a clear line of sight to meeting customer demand while also improving yields with steady state production by the end of 2019. Regarding the other execution items, Rick, already touched on those. We are very excited to talk more about Axon records once it is live with our first major city customer. Now, turning the call over to Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke, and thanks to all of you for joining the call today. April month made two year anniversary with the company and also coincided with the two year anniversary of changing our name from TASER to Axon. I'm really pleased with our execution and how we’ve strengthened the business model over the past 24 months and I believe we're just getting started. As many of you know we made a commitment to our investors to drive strong growth on the top line while also demonstrating levels. And a lot of my day to day is spent ensuring we do exactly that. I've done that before, grown the SaaS business while driving leverage and I'm thrilled that Axon is also proving that it can be done. In Q1 we were reported strong revenue and you'll notice that we're raising our full year revenue outlook by $5 million while holding adjusted EBITDA guidance in line. This is very much by design. We've told our product team that the way to earn more R&D budget is through the top line, but we're confident we can deliver $80 million to $85 million in adjusted EBITDA for 34% growth at the midpoint. The adjusted EBITDA margin will vary depending on revenue as we look to accelerate our investments in R&D. With that said, as you can see from our guidance with Q2 looking like Q1 in both revenue and adjusted EBITDA, we've set ourselves up for a strong back half with much higher margins versus the first half. Another important area of focus for us is corporate strategy including ways to grow our total addressable market or TAM. Today, we have an $8.4 billion TAM, which primarily reflects our four strategic areas of investment, TASER, cameras and digital evidence management, Axon Records and Axon Dispatch. As we look out longer term, we see a great deal of potential to extend Axon’s growth outside of our existing scope. Our successful transition to both a technology products in SaaS business leaves us incredibly well-positioned to develop new revenue streams. We have a unique opportunity to take the same products and feature set we've developed for law enforcement and find applications for enterprise users who want similar capabilities. Axon has the right balance sheet, the right customer relationships and the right foundation of law enforcement technology products from which to expand. We’re continually thinking about the best way to steward our capital and exploit our market leadership and ensure we do that in a disciplined way to drive shareholder value. Thank you everyone. And with that, we'll go to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Jonathan Ho from William Blair.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon, and congratulations on the strong results. I just wanted to start out with a question on I guess the TASER 7 impacts from I guess the credits that are being offered. Can you maybe quantify for us a little bit how that works and help us understand maybe how that works through the next couple of quarters as well as maybe over a longer timeframe?
Rick Smith: Yeah. So when we launched TASER 7 and this is actually historical practice that we’ve used is we offer trading credits for customers that have weapons that are under the five year useful life and we have kind of a prorated calculation where if you were to let's say buy TASER X2 three years ago or two years ago and now you want to upgrade to a TASER 7 we'll give you some of the value of that useful life back in the trading credit. We usually users to make sure that we smooth out good customer relationships and again I actually view this as a strong positive in that we're seeing major city customers that want to upgrade to the TASER 7 because it's such a fantastic weapon.
Jonathan Ho: Got it. And then just talking a little bit about Axon records you noted that the initial launch customer is getting pretty close at this point towards the back half of the year. But can you maybe highlight what they can do with your system versus what could not be done before in particularly since you're integrating some of the camera capabilities as well.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I'll take that one. So the first I would say we just came out of our axon accelerate conference and I was talking with the head of records just a few moments ago and we have a ton of customer interest across the board and we've been doing some demonstrations with various prospects across the country and getting very positive feedback. So the way to think about Axon records and it’s our launch product will have a couple of very unique features. Probably the most unique feature is the ability to integrate your digital evidence seamlessly in with the Axon record so we call it video at the heart of the record. So if you think about it having your video in a totally separate system you have to log into it is just a much clunkier experience whereas the way human beings communicate now we don't really send text only messages or documents very much. We tend to communicate using pictures, video, text evenemojis, even our correct record system won't have emoji, it will have a very integrated audio video capability along with the text elements. So that's sort of the way to think of it at the outset. And then we just really got a nice job. The team has been hitting all of the basic foundational work that you're not doing duplicate data entry for three different forms that there's that dynamic input from experience, so you're inputting only that data that’s necessary based on the type of report you're filling out and that can grow, if one incident ends up being a stolen vehicle, and a felony assault and some other thing historically might require several different reports be filled out in sort of duplicate data entry. So that's sort of the foundation. But what really will differentiate us over time is that we were evolving the use of AI to extract video from the audio data center. So this is we're having, both hardware and software is unique advantage for us. So Axon Body 3, we spend a lot of time tuning it with a multiple microphone array to be able to optimize how we handle voice data that's coming in, so we can turn and describe it more accurately and be able to have AI models that over time will learn when the officer asks what is your name, the next statement is likely to include the first name and last name and to begin to extract that information and pre-populate the report. So I’ll just wrap. I think at our conference, we talked a bit about how. If you think about autonomous driving, we're planning this autonomous report writing. And actually, it's not as difficult a problem as autonomous driving is. But it will evolve in several stages. So we're a sort of stage zero to one right now which is all about getting all the basic data structure stage 0 to 1 right now, which all about getting all the basic data structure right so that we can begin to optimize some of the AI data extraction using our smart sensors when those go live this summer as well. So launch of Axon Body 3 on records really complement each other in that Axon Body 3 is a center of its optimized to begin moving into this AI-driven future.
Jonathan Ho: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Strouse from JPMorgan.
Mark Strouse: Hey, good afternoon. Thanks for taking our questions. So it sounds like you can't divulge too much information yet about the major city that's adopting Axon Records, but are you able to say was that a competitive displacement? And then are they adopting your entire solution as it stands today or they kind of cherry picking certain modules?
Rick Smith: I'll take that one. So this was a customer that’s been a development partner. They did look at the available options in the Records space, but there we've been primarily focused heavily on developing the Records system with them. So you can think of it with them as a standalone that is not part of a big – a bigger economic package. This is really focused on developing the Records system.
Mark Strouse: Okay. And then congrats on getting the Redaction Assistant out the door. I guess can you just kind of talk about based on the trials that you've run so for kind of the efficiency gains that the customers are seeing? I think you guys are throwing out this data of multiple hours in the past for certain minutes of video. I mean it is that process now down to minutes of Redaction. Maybe you can compare that to kind of your prior Redaction tool and see some of the other competitors thereafter.
Rick Smith: Yeah. So, great question. So, we just launched. One of the launch partners was a city prosecutor that was meticulously tracking the time that we’re spending on redaction and before the redaction assistant compared to afterwards, once they deployed the redaction assistant, the city attorney reported they were spending 80% less time per video on redaction and that actually was going to lead to a change in how they budgeted. They wouldn't need to budget for more people to be able to do the redactions. So that's the one that comes to mind. We're a little early in the game in terms of having a bunch of agencies. But that first be back at 80% was pretty enlightening. Our target was to reduce redaction times by at least 50%. We’re looking graph for performing that.
Mark Strouse: Go ahead. Okay. And then just one more quick one if I can for Jawad or Josh. Can you just remind us when the TASER 7 upgrade your credits end and I guess kind of secondary to that do they kind of dwindle down over time each quarter?
Jawad Ahsan: Hi, Mark. Yes, absolutely. They do go down over time. They will start to – so we had an offer in Q4 of last year and it went down as Q1 and it’s been flat in Q1 to Q2 and then it is declining every quarter after that. So, essentially that's done to be fair to customers but also to draw some urgency around upgrade cycles. So you'll see in lower trading credit as of July 1st compared to what we're offering this quarter.
Mark Strouse: Are you able to say does that completely end though by the end of 2019 or does it drag on into the 2020?
Jawad Ahsan: We are planning to assess that decision at the end of the year. So I think I can’t really give an answer there other than they will continue to decline through the end of this year and we will assess it in December.
Mark Strouse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from James Lizzul from Morgan Stanley.
James Lizzul: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask may be for Jawad. Can you just walk us through a little bit on one thing that kind of looks - I look at is when you see the magnitude of upside versus your guide for the full year I don't think it's a big deal but I just want to make sure I understand the puts and takes of why may be the guide for the full year isn’t – as a least as much as is what the upside was in the first quarter.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah. So what we're actively doing or we're making a conscious decision to reinvest the upside from revenue into the business. When we came in at 2019 as you put together our budget process we were oversubscribed there were more things that folks wanted to do than we had the budget for. And so what we said was that as we progress throughout the year as we feed on revenue we're going to let basically take that and reinvest it into the business. And so that's what we're doing. We've raised our guidance for the year on revenue but we've held it on EBITDA.
James Lizzul: Got it. Got it. Okay, that's clear. And then I guess I’ll open it up to whomever but as you're rolling out just thinking about long term as we're rolling out the different software products and it’s that adapt capability beyond just police forces et cetera. How do we think about the opportunity beyond that and what needs to happen to even start to expand it further into whether it's court systems, prosecutors offices or even more broadly to within the emergency response, within your emergency response deal. Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, so oftentimes, these first responder units will use the same technology platforms, and we've actually seen some very interesting inbound demand from these adjacent markets. We are being pretty tight lipped for competitive reasons on our exact approach, I would say we're definitely looking at the adjacent public safety spaces in addition to making a strong push into the federal space as well as international markets as well.
James Lizzul: That's great. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yeah, this is Rick. Let me add one more detail. One thing that I think will be -- will really help make body cameras more appealing in additional markets is once they are real time connected and can live stream, I think that just opens up a whole bunch of additional use cases from the traditional work then so far which has recorded an event and then some hours later, you dock the camera and that information becomes available. Being able to live stream that information opens up as you can imagine just a whole host of different types of services that I don't think we even understand yet. Once the camera is out there, we believe this is one of the things that will evolve and we'll iterate together with our customers. But I think that both in law enforcement and for these other markets like for emergency medical services, being able to live stream video from a scene using a system that has made law enforcement public safety and [indiscernible] types of regulations to be extremely valuable for emergency room positions where others will be able to see what's happening out in the field. So it’s just one example of where that live connectivity we think really could open up the available markets that will be interested.
James Lizzul: Great. Absolutely. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Berg from Needham.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Congrats on the good quarter and thanks for taking my questions. I guess we'll start with on the FedRAMP side Rick or maybe Luke wants to take the question, how should we think of what products are going to be sold into that area? Is going to be TASERS, cameras, drones, software? Help us understand what that opportunity looks like?
Rick Smith: Yes. Basically all of the above. Our options now we have been selling TASERS historically federal market, but they've not been using our cloud services. So FedRAMP now opens up the entire platform up to FedRAMP Moderate, which covers most of the use cases for all of the above for fleet, in-car systems for body cameras, or federal agencies to start using Evidence.com for managing their TASER weapons and certainly we think drones could be an interesting space there as well.
Scott Berg: Got it. Helpful. And then on the I guess Jawad on a future contract value is up nicely a little bit less than 50% year-over-year. But your new bookings in software and sensors is down. How should we think about that metric? My guess is there's some camera movement in there given the expectations of some of those sales are being pushed off to the second half and AB3 is ready.
Rick Smith: Yeah. The first thing I'd say that Josh is here with us today I’d love to frame the way in but one of the first things to note is that in Q1 last year we had a large a very large international booking about $30 millions, if you strip that out we’re actually up year-over-year and then Josh would you like to add color?
Josh Isner: Yeah. I think the Q1 results in video bookings are purely at this point seasonality. I think Q1 is kind of our softest quarter of the year. Sometimes there is a large one-time like it was the case last year in Q1. But I certainly have a lot of confidence that this is not a sign of kind of anything to worry about. I actually think we're going to have a very strong rebound in the next few quarters in terms of Axon booking. So Q1 people get new regions, people have new quotas. We have the sales meeting first week of the year is kind of dead week, so it’s just naturally kind of our slowest quarter of the year. And again I think there's a lot of reason to be optimistic of that number bounces back.
Rick Smith: And I would just add, your – I think your comment on AB3 was correct. We announced AB3 [indiscernible] at ICP in October and then re-emphasized some of the – all of the capability that Rick addressed with the ware and live streaming. And so we expect that to start shipping at the end of Q2. And we think that will end of Q2, beginning of Q3, we think that will drive to high demand.
Scott Berg: Great. That’s all I have. I’ll jump in the queue. Thanks again.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Will Power from Baird.
Will Power: Yeah. Great, thanks for taking the questions. Yeah, first one maybe a bit of a follow-up perhaps for Rick or Luke. But just qualitatively love to get your perspective or color on conversations that accelerate around AB3 and how you're thinking about the pipeline and what your customers are perhaps most excited about with that product, I guess as part of that should we expect something similar to AB 3 to what we will see in TASER 7 with respect to potential tradings and credits how do we think about that. What that might mean for gross margins in the back half of the year.
Rick Smith: Got it so yeah. One of the one of the really nicest surprises I would say at Accelerate this year was just how much interest there was in the live connected services when we first really started talking about Live services with our customers there was a lot of questions about whether that's something that they would actually use and we decided to go all in our customers almost all of our customers on a hardware upgrade program and we could have chosen to do AB 2 plus where we could have done a next generation body camera and focused on cost optimization on the hardware and met our financial obligations. But we felt the right thing to do was to extend ourselves and actually make this a really powerful camera upgrade so while our customers are effectively on the iPod upgrade program. We're giving them an iPhone and we believe that was the right thing to do because it basically enables a whole host of new services that we could begin to sell once the hardware can support real time connectivity. I would say a year ago that was a little bit dicey it was not the super easy decision to make in that as we are calibrating with customers it was not universally clear that they would basically value those connected services enough to want to pay for them. And I think we put that concern largely to rest this year. I think our team has done a really good job of understanding what the customer use cases are and I'll give you one example. So one of the downsides you worry about sometimes with police union management relationship is if it seen as a micromanaging tool where the Chief is going to be walking in on his cell phone remotely and trying to micromanage the scene that is a sort of thing that customers would absolutely not react well to. But when we help them understand, hey, if you're going into a situation where you're just uncomfortable that you as an officer could activate the live stream and ask your fellows to watch your back and know that other people are going to be able to see what's happening and begin to rally support if they see it starting to go downhill, right, because sometimes before an officer calls their intuition is starting – calls for help is starting to – they're starting to see things and make them uneasy and for us to give them the ability to share that with the rest of their team actually gives them a real sense of comfort going into the unknown. And I think as a result, somewhat of the positioning and a lot of great work the products done in the product design, every customer I talked to this year was very interested in the connected real-time services, and maybe every customer might be an overstatement, maybe some other team might have found some customers that were less interested, but I would say it was a real home run making the move to include LTE and act somebody…
Will Power: Okay. Great. Yeah. And just any color from, I guess, anyone on the team on how to think about gross margins were just really the broader sensor segment in the second half of the year as [indiscernible] rolls out?
Rick Smith: Yeah. So what we expect is that we’re not going to like it – when we talk about it we’re not going to really see any – there is no trading credit on the body camera and those margins – we're managing that segment to about 25% margin and we expect that that will continue into second half.
Will Power: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum Capital.
Ryan Sigdahl: Hey, guys. Ryan Sigdahl on for Steve Dyer. Quick question as it relates to guidance. So in the press release you expect significantly higher growth rates in the second half of 2019. But based on Q1 actual, Q2 growth of 16% to 17% it implies something like 16% to 20% in the second half of the year. So that basically brackets Q2 expectations. What am I missing there?
Rick Smith: I don't think you are missing anything. We expect that Q2 is going to look very similar to Q1 and we're really ramping up for a strong second half.
Ryan Sigdahl: So the significantly higher growth rates in the second half of the year, just maybe some color there on that comment.
Rick Smith: Sure. We'll be in full production on TASER 7 and should be shipping and going into Q4 with shipping our records product as well.
Ryan Sigdahl: All right. It sounds like a little bit of conservatism done in that 2019 guidance. Based on that, secondly just on the TASER 7 what of the orders in the quarter, what percentage were upgrades versus new users. And then what percentage of those TASER 7 orders received trading credits? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yeah. So, just if I understand the question correctly, it’s what percentage – you know we kind of view every customer as being a previous TASER customer. The question is what percentage are using the trading credits at this point. I think the maturity of the deals would have some trading credit.
Luke Larson: Yeah, by definition the only one that who never wants that never have to deployed TASERs before.
Ryan Sigdahl: So just to clarify that so it’s anyone that has TASER goods to credit not just once that are under the five year useful life warranty.
Rick Smith: Correct but it's a scale to how was the weapon so by far the least valuable tradings are the ones that are older than five years and most valuable ones are the one that are within one year old and it just need to scales throughout the life cycle of the weapon.
Ryan Sigdahl: Great. Thanks guys, I'll turn it over from there. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from George Godfrey from C.L. King.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Two questions. Jawad, is the 300 basis point to 400 basis point margin improvement on an annual basis now off the table.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah. George we at the beginning of the year we changed our guidance. We're still over the three year period managing to driving leverage in the business and what we said specifically for 2019 is that we're going to deliver $80 million to 85 million dollars in adjusted EBITDA. Now the margin rate the reason we don't want to guide to that specifically is that's going to vary depending on where revenue comes in. And given that we are committed to reinvesting any additional revenue into the business the margin rate is going to be really difficult for us to guide you. So rather than guide to that we're guiding to is the $80 million to $85 million in EBITDA.
George Godfrey: Okay. So just one want to clear is we could have that type of improvement in any given year. But you’re saying that three year accumulative will average out to that range so that still on the table or no. I just want to make sure I understand that.
Jawad Ahsan: When we put together our budgeting for 2019 and for 2020. Our expectation is that we're very much going to be driving leverage. And again if it turns out that is 300 basis points to 400 basis points but what we really are looking at when we set our budget, for example, for the $80 million to $85 million we wanted to stay within that range, when we put together a budget for 2020 [ph] would be in the same range as well, we want to consistently year-over-year continue to drive our EBITDA margins up. But again what we're really more focused on is not so much. What we want to do is invest in the business and make the right investments in R&D to capture this opportunity ahead of us while at the same time driving leverage but it's both of those, we're not prioritizing a specific margin target.
George Godfrey: Okay. And then looking at the balance sheet, DSO this quarter 117 days, Q1 two years ago that was 51 days, is that the new level we should expect going forward?
Rick Smith: No, that's an anomaly. And what we are seeing is that as we expected we did our following offering there was a greater shift to subscription, many of these invoices are paid annually in advance, it's a different model. And as we're making this transition we're working with our customers to make sure that we're working with them and doing what's right for them and helping them transition to these longer-term – or sorry, these recurring contracts. And so that’s something that in that transition we're experiencing a bit of an anomaly but we don’t expect that to continue.
George Godfrey: And could you give an estimate of the CapEx? And that's my final question. Thank you very much for the answers.
Jawad Ahsan: So we are anticipating in the range of $12 million to $15 million for the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty & Company.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks, guys. Congress on the good results. Wanted to come back to the weapon segment for a second, and you've had some nice traction thus far on the TASER 7 but in terms of thinking about the kind of the units and how they're going to play out the remainder of 2019 the growth that you might see in that segment from the TASER 7 how do we expect that in terms of taking over the total units that you sell in 2019 given the trading credits and so forth versus what we saw in the first quarter, we had about 25,000 of the legacy units and about 9,000 of the TASER 7?
Rick Smith: Yeah, I think the expectation is things are starting to becomes a larger percentage of total handles sold in each quarter. I think as we rolled out T&E units and so forth, it's going to take time for TASER 7 to scales to that point. And there is some international orders and it was Q4 in the UK or Q1. So X choose the only legal lesson there. So some of those dynamics led to selling more smart weapons and T7. But over time, our expectations and what we’re driving toward is making sure that T7 becomes the most commonly sold handle as we go throughout the year.
Jeremy Hamblin: To be more specific, yes we get into let's say Q3/Q4, would you expect T7 to be at least 50% of the total unit sold?
Rick Smith: I'm not sure I can give a specific number because again it does rely on like there is large international deals in process with other units or if there's a big one-time order of X26 PRX2 if it’s kind of temporarily skew the numbers. But we certainly expect the trend to be that T7 becomes a larger and larger percentage of total handle sold throughout the year.
Luke Larson: Yeah. And I think we have a very illustrative chart from our road show that shows how we've been very effective at transitioning to the new technology from the original X26 to the X26P and the X2 and to the TASER X26P and the TASER X2 and we would expect our execution to be the same as we transition to TASER 7.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And then one other question on the – on Axon cloud service revenue, you saw your gross margins fall down 90 basis points sequentially and down in almost 500 basis points from where you were a year ago. Can you give me a sense just in terms of that change, what's driving that, and how we would expect that to play out the remainder of 2019?
Rick Smith: Sequentially, we're not really seeing much of an impact, all right. There's always – there's some cyclicality, but our pure, the pure software component of that is still flat, it’s a very high margin. It could be driven by the mix of lower margin professional services. So, that's something that that tends to wind up, but again that's part of the cyclicality.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Keith Housum, your line is open.
Keith Housum: Sorry about that, how you’re -- can you just provide a little more color on the third ramp opportunity, in the first-off is that included in the $8.4 billion TAM and perhaps as the numbers around how many perhaps production uses out there?
Rick Smith: Yeah. So today, our TAM is largely focused on -- forces as we look to grow that overtime we see federal being a very real opportunity to get deeper penetrations into the federal police forces but also our ultimate goal would be to have the actual like big army and more penetration into the larger operating units.
Keith Housum: So right now that number is not including of the fed ramp your [ph] $8.4 billion opportunity?
Rick Smith: No, it’s not.
Keith Housum: Okay. Got you. And then as a follow-up question, can you just provide a little bit color on in the international efforts during the quarter and how they were comparing to last year and how – I guess, some of the RFPs are looking for the rest of the year?
Rick Smith: Sorry, you are looking for an update on the international weapons?
Keith Housum: International overall weapons and the body sensors inside the country?
Rick Smith: Yeah. Certainly that’s been where most of my attention is focused along with the T7 upgrades, I think we're seeing a lot of good indicators, our Q1 – sorry, our tier 1 markets are performing well, upgrading weapons, consolidating video contracts and so forth, I think we're starting to see some really good signs even back in the last year in tier 2 markets and I’d expect to see that momentum continue into some of our tier 2 markets this year. So certainly the expectation we're working towards is…
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back over to the presenters.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, thank you everyone for a good Q1, and we will talk to you on the next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Sheryl, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Axon Reports Q4 and Full-Year 2018 Financial Results Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Luke Larson, President, you may begin your conference.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Sheryl. Good afternoon to everyone. I'm Luke Larson, the President of Axon. Welcome to Axon's fourth quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining today are CEO and Founder, Rick Smith; and our CFO, Jawad Ahsan. Before we get started, I want to give my mom a birthday shout-out. Now I'll turn it over to Andrea James, our VP of Investor Relations to read our Safe Harbor statement.
Andrea James: Thanks, Luke. Good afternoon. This call is being broadcast online and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. You can find our reported results and our quarterly shareholder letter excuse me which is available at investor.axon.com and on the SEC website. Today's call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our future expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies and projections for future revenue growth and profitability. We intend that all forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Axon's forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations. Our estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they're made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail in our Annual Reports on the Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on the Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings, as well as our other SEC filings at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov by searching for filings under the AAXN ticker. Okay, turning the call over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea, and welcome, everybody. 2018 was a record breaking year. We drove top-line growth of 22% and the bottom line grew more than twice as fast with adjusted EBITDA up 53%. We raised $234 million in follow-on offering, turned our balance sheet into a fortress, we acquired VIEVU, and as a result accelerated the largest Police department in the United States on the Axon Network. We released a completely redesigned Fleet in-car video system that is vying for market dominance. We released several groundbreaking software features including Axon Citizen and we booked $389 million in business in the Software & Sensors segment which is up 34% year-over-year. We also finished the year with a stellar Q4 for every product line. We had a record quarter for TASER, record quarter for Software & Sensors, record quarter for International revenue, and a record quarter for total company in bookings including a record quarter for Fleet. And of course in the last months of the year, we began shipping the all new TASER device; TASER 7 connects to our software network. We're excited about momentum and initial customer response from features and offerings in the Officer Safety Plan 7 or OSP 7 which bundles our next-generation body camera, Axon Body 3 with TASER 7 and with free Axon records for five years. We announced that at the IACP Conference which is the International Association of Chiefs of Police last October. To time it for the 2019 procurement cycle and we expect healthy tax rates in the back half especially once AB3 starts shipping. We're seeing great customer response to the TASER 7 premium certification plan. Our major city agency customers in particular view it as a significant upgrade over the X2. Demonstrating this for the first time in the history of TASER, customers are demonstrating a willingness to upgrade earlier than five years which is a statement to the utility and quality of the product in its value proposition. In order to facilitate customers who wish to upgrade weapons less than five-years-old, we operate a pro-rated trading program. Credits for trading of weapons less than five-years-old accounted for some of the margin compression in the quarter. But in my opinion, it's a very strong indicator that customers really do want to take advantage of the new features in TASER 7 and they don't want to wait their old weapon to hit end of life. I personally want to thank the 76% of voting shareholders who approved our exponential stock performance plan earlier this month. It has brought new energy to the workforce and of course we're excited to drive total alignment between shareholders, the executive team, and every U.S. employee. We still have some work to do to roll it out internationally. We have lawyers and accountants that are working on that now. Our first operational milestone is either $710 million in revenue or $125 million in adjusted EBITDA and I can tell you, we are laser-focused on hitting those first goals and beyond. It's encouraging as CEO to have our employees thinking and making decisions just like long-term shareholders. That's all from me. Luke?
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. The year is off to a strong start with several key wins. We look forward to welcoming the Swedish Police Authority on to the Axon Network. That's the first European nationalized police force to deploy Axon body cameras and go on the Axon Network. We also received notice a few weeks ago that the Phoenix City Council approved a $5.7 million contract with Axon Enterprise to provide 2,000 body cameras for the Department and evidence.com. We have a few more wins up our sleeve for both TASER 7 and body cameras that we look forward to announcing in the coming days and weeks. Some of you who have been with us for a while know that in late 2017, really led by our new CFO, Jawad, we pivoted our company culture to focus more on driving profitability. It was important for us to demonstrate leverage on the body camera business after years of heavy investment. So one year ago, I stood up in front of the company and I declared that I'd shave my head if we hit our 2018 EBITDA goals. So it's with mixed feelings that I share with the team or share with everyone that the team rallied and we did indeed hit those goals. In fact, we exceeded them. Even accounting for about a $10 million related loss with association of acquiring VIEVU in May, and so several employees took turn shaving my head on stage during our annual company kickoff which we privately broadcast to Axon offices all over the world. It was a pretty great moment for almost everyone except my wife. I also got a heck of a sunburn after Phoenix Open and I'm sharing this with all of our shareholders to let you know just how committed I was to driving this metric and the tone echoed throughout the organization as evidenced by weekly reviews of our expense structure. And of course, I recognize that even as we demonstrate successful annual leverage, Axon remains in a period of under earning while we invest in major growth opportunities. We feel great about our 2018 performance where the cost controls we begin implementing in late 2017 cleared the way for us to acquire VIEVU and make the right decisions for our customers and for the long-term, while still meeting our full-year profitability targets. Turning to 2019, I'm laser-focused on three primary execution items. The first is ensuring that TASER 7 is the most successful TASER rollout ever. And it's being very well received in the market. The second is launching our next-generation body camera Axon Body 3 midyear which is our first LTE connected camera. This is great timing. The launch of Axon Body 3 coincides with the rollout of the first dedicated first responders' cellular networks by AT&T, FirstNet, and Verizon, both of which are Axon partners. And third, we're extremely focused on delivering the Axon Records software product to our launch partners, double clicking on this third one; let's talk about what a successful Axon Records rollout looks like. We need to nail the product and we have the right team in place to do that. We also need to really succeed in our early deployments. 2019 the key goal is to gain a foothold and delight our early launch customers. We also want to sell Axon Records through our Officer Safety Plan 7 bundled with the TASER 7 and Axon Body 3 whose customers are setup for the full Axon experience. We're feeling really great about 2019. And now, I'll turn over the call to our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. I've never felt better about how the company is positioned for growth. We've proven we could execute. In 2018, we did what we said we're going to do despite a pretty substantial headwind from VIEVU in one of their large domestic customers. We have terrific momentum on our top-line driven by investments in our products and teams with International picking up and the Fleet business vying for market leadership. I also feel great about having more than $800 million in total company backlog and the fact that annual recurring revenue for Software has crossed $100 million in 2018. Axon Records and Dispatch are right around the corner and we feel good about records coming online and contributing to bookings in 2019. On the bottom line, this is the first year in our company's recent history that we hit our profitability goals and we expect that to continue going forward. I'm very proud of the team for embracing a new level of financial discipline. Turning to the balance sheet, our strong cash position gives us an incredible amount of resilience. In 2018, we generated $64 million in operating cash, up from $18 million a year ago. That combined with the follow-on offering gives us about $350 million in cash which puts us in a strong position to flip the switch on selling TASER subscriptions. Equally important, we have the financial muscle to continue investing in our four strategic growth areas to drive ongoing innovation and market leadership. The guidance we're providing today reflects strength on both the top and bottom line. As we look at 2019, we expect momentum to build throughout the year. Q1 sales reflecting a more modest growth rate relative to the back half. We will continue investing for growth with increases in R&D as a percentage of sales throughout the year. We plan to partially offset that by reducing SG&A as a percentage of sales. SG&A as a percentage of sales dropped from 40% in 2017 to 37% in 2018 and we expect to further reduce that in 2019. Our teams are incredibly excited about our success in 2018 and they're highly motivated to keep the top-line growing and maintain the operating discipline needed to drive bottom line results. And with that, operator let's turn to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Mark Strause of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Mark Strause: Yes, thanks everybody. Thanks for taking my questions. So Jawad, I think you've done a pretty good job of laying out the one-time items that were weighing on margins in fourth year. But just question for the guidance, how should we think about the -- I guess call it one-time items associated with VIEVU and the large contracts that they have. Are there any more expenses that we should expect here in the first half of 2019? And then kind of a quick follow-up to that is your guidance kind of points to EBITDA margin expansion a bit below your kind of long-term targets that you've talked about over the last year or so? And I guess how should we think about that longer term, are you kind of stepping away from those targets or can you reiterate those?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, great question, Mark. I'll start with the VIEVU one. So look VIEVU was dilutive we knew that when we acquired the business and we had issue with that one large customer domestically, ended up being more of a headwind than we counted on. And we're still working very hard to get that business integrated and to rationalize some of the duplicative costs and to make sure that it's no longer a headwind going into 2019 and we're certainly not going to see the level of dilutive costs that we saw last year earned in 2018. We are expecting still in Q1, I would say see some costs as we continue to just rationalize some of the cost base there. But it's going to be an order of magnitude less than it was in 2018. And then on the -- on your second question that's -- it's also a good question. What we're looking to do very much is still to drive leverage and we're not stepping away from our guidance but we are just again facing this headwind from VIEVU and also part of what you saw in our Q4 results was that the TASER 7 ramp costs ended up being higher than we're expecting and we're expecting to see a little bit better than in Q1.
Mark Strause: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you. And then you're mentioning I guess you're kind of adjacent markets more in the press release. Can you talk about the incremental expense associated with that, that's kind of baked into your 2019 OpEx and then if there's anything high level that you can share to kind of help investors frame the addressable markets for those that would be helpful? Thank you.
Luke Larson: Yes, Mark. I'll handle the first part of that question. In terms of growing OpEx to support additional markets, we actually have several key members of our team that are working on new market expansion and one of the great motivations for them, we actually had quite a few senior individuals on our customer facing teams opt into the XSU plan and so they're working overtime to figure out how to open up these new markets. So we don't see any great OpEx add there. I think this is -- we're going to continue to drive leverage in SG&A and still be able to open up some of these new markets. In terms of the focus of those markets, we really see an opportunity in what we would call very adjacent markets like EMS and Fire and we have teams talking in those, they're not quite as big as the law enforcement market. We also have had some interest from additional markets as well. I'm actually going to kind of keep that pretty tight lipped for now just because we don't want to release any competitive intel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Power of Baird. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Will Power: Good. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe first just coming back to the 2019 revenue guidance and the expected build through the year off -- off of Q1. I guess just be interested in the visibility into the second half kind of the key drivers. I guess Body Camera 3 as part of that any reason why TASER 7 wouldn't continue to build off of Q4 or through the first half and then I guess continue to build in the second half. So just trying to understand the visibility of that second half improvement in revenue?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. We're expecting TASER 7 production to be fully ramped by about the midpoint of the year and so what we'll see is a pickup in revenue in the second half. And then what's going to happen is there will be sort of a force multiplier effect with AB3 and lot of those upgrades are also coming up in the back half of the year. So T7 being fully ramped as well as AB3 upgrades in the back half of the year are going to lead revenue to be, the profiles tested [ph] in the back half of the year.
Will Power: Okay. And then on the four key kind of strategic growth drivers that you talked about in your presentation or the release. You talked about Records already pushing for bookings and key customers later this year. I guess I could hear much more on Dispatch, I'm just curious what's your thinking there and timing from here?
Luke Larson: Yes, why don't we Rick take that question?
Rick Smith: Thanks, Luke. Yes, just that we are not releasing a lot for competitive reasons on that point, it's an area we're pretty excited about. Stay tuned in person call later in the year and we will provide some more details on it but for now we're keeping on fairly closer to that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho of William Blair. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, good afternoon. Can you hear me? Okay.
Luke Larson: Yes.
Jonathan Ho: Perfect. So just wanted to start out in terms of your bookings expectations around RMS. I know you talked about the second half being the opportunity timeframe but what magnitude of bookings should we be thinking about. And can you give us some color in terms of the types of customers you'd be targeting initially?
Rick Smith: Yes, I can take that one. This is Rick. So most of the early bookings actually we expect to be as part of the OSP bundles. We have some safety plan bundles and we included Records in that because we think that the real target market for us are people that our agencies that are already using the majority of our ecosystem with TASER weapon, the body cameras and Cloud software. So the real player we see the opportunity there. Now there is some revenue allocation that is allocated towards Records. I'm actually in a different area of the country from Jawad, and look Jawad, we -- I said we're not giving any more details in terms of how that revenue allocation is being handled at this time.
Jawad Ahsan: No, not this time.
Rick Smith: Okay. So we really view it as part of the overall enterprise sale and the reason to include Records is a free add-on in that sales, we see the real value long haul is in the data not in the software itself. So fundamentally Records software is form filling software, it's the forms and reports officers fill out and we think that no matter how good your form filling software is, it will largely be a commodity. And as such when we see things that are commodity, our general strategy is to have a more aggressive go-to-market plan. And in this case, we decided to make it free in that bundle. And the rationale really is that the real value-add will be in the automation. It's possible by connecting the audio, video stream from the camera to the Records management software so that we can begin pre-populating and ultimately over a seven-year time horizon we believe we can dramatically cut the amount of time that officers spend filling out forms. We fundamentally, a law enforcement interaction is what my AI team sort of points to is a really great target for machine transcription because they're very structured conversations. Hello sir, what's your name? Where do you live? What's your date of birth? And with that sort of a structured conversation to be able to extract that information from the audio/video record and pre-populate into the printed record is something will be hugely valuable. And just give you an idea, I talked to one major customer in the U.S. and they had spent recently something like a $40 million contract on a record management system over a multi-year time period. But that same agency spends about $1.6 billion a year on payroll and their officers are spending about half their time doing administrative tasks. So the value creation opportunity is for us to automate that $800 million payroll cost that's going on value added bureaucratic tasks. And so that's where you'll begin to see, so you will see revenue associated with records. It will largely be a function of allocation against the bundle in the early years and then we're really kicked in is when we add the high-value analytics and AI automation that connects the body cameras to records over the next three to five years.
Jonathan Ho: Excellent. Thank you for the color. And just as a follow-up when we look at sort of the strengths around TASER 7 and the excitement that you're seeing in the customer base. Can you talk about how maybe that impacts OSP. I mean are you seeing other customers that have historically been sort of hardware only now want to refresh TASER 7 and look at the broader bundle or like how does that potentially maybe change that mix?
Luke Larson: Absolutely, go ahead, Rick. Yes, we see a great opportunity every time we get in front of our customers to talk about the total Axon Solution and so the strength of our portfolio is when all those products are used together, the agencies see additional benefits. And so every time, we're in, talking with a customer about any one of our products, we're kind of highlighting the benefit of the total solution. Over to you, Rick.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would say, the TASER 7 definitely it has a much stronger data integration element to it. Actually just yesterday, I was going over with our design team what they did on things like device assignments which doesn't sound particularly sexy or even the returns process but we're an agency is deploying thousands of TASER weapons. How you write down serial numbers and type them into a spreadsheet later versus now we do it with a mobile app where you tap it on the device and assign it to an officer. We're doing thousands of these. It just dramatically improves the experience and that's all part of that integrated software ecosystem and with AB3 that compare to your TASER 7 it starts to allow things like real time alerting. So that if an officer arms or fires their TASER 7 in the field, that alert can be routed to other officers within the agency or administrators and their service calling aware which really could help the agency be better aware of what's actually happening out in the field. And I dropped by saying, I'm -- to me the most exciting things coming this year will be Axon Body 3 because I think fundamentally we're poised for an iPhone moment meaning when the iPod went to the iPhone, the initial perceptions well my music player now has a phone in it. And now, as you look back at it, like pretty rarely people even use the thing as a phone anymore it became such a transformatively connected device. We see similar opportunities in effectively today; we make sort of a Nuance Go Pro type of camera. We make a great camera that the officers wear and they download the information and use it later. Once LTE kicks in, we'll be able to offer all kinds of real time services that will sit on top of that -- on top of that hardware platform, so the cameras become something more like an Alexa on your chest as opposed to just a camera you wear to record. And we think that will open up a whole host of really interesting services, some of which we're already planning for and some of which we think we'll discover once that connectivity comes online and we're out in the field. And by the way, the significant majority of our customers in the U.S. are on a hardware upgrade program and so they will get Axon Body 3 sort of like clockwork as part of their subscription which is a really big part of what the customer benefits that they, we carry them into the future with both hardware and software upgrade features. And it's great for us because we can plan our roadmap. We don't have the sort of plan to indefinitely support the last three generations of cameras. We can move our installed base along with and that gives us flexibility to move and innovate faster than any of the competitors in the space.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Hamblin of Dougherty & Company. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to ask about that. You mentioned the time to rebuild the TASER gross margin. Can you give us a better sense maybe a more specific timeframe in which you think you'll get that business back into that 69%, 70% range on the gross margin?
Jawad Ahsan: At this point, Jeremy that's something we're going to see throughout 2019. It'll successively build, there's a lot of factors there obviously we have the ramp costs that we're dealing with in Q4 and we're going to see it in the first half of the year until we're fully ramped. And then we're also still very much at the point where we've got trading credits that are in the mix in the discounting although we have changed the incentive structure with the sales team to minimize discounting. There's still some early leader pricing going on, there's some trading credits. And so what we're going to expect to see is throughout the year those margins will built and hopefully exiting 2019, there will be more in a normalized basis.
Jeremy Hamblin: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just in terms of you've talked about investment and as we think about our R&D outlook this year, you had a little bit lower numbers here in Q4 as we think about 2019 in your R&D investments. How that's going to reflect, I guess the new product launches Axon Records coming along. How should we be thinking about that particular line item?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, good question, Jeremy. So you've seen, we've continued to increase our investment in R&D. We're very excited about the opportunities that are ahead of us certainly in the markets that we're addressing today. But there are some new opportunities in adjacent markets and we're very excited about Records and Dispatch as well and what we don't want to do is under invest and miss out on those opportunities. And so for 2019, you can expect that our R&D as a percentage of revenue will be slightly above 20% and that's up from about 18% in 2018. It's up from 16% in 2017 and what we're doing to help offset that, if you look at our SG&A as a percentage of revenue, that's coming down, so it was 40% at the end of 2017, about 37% at the end of 2018, and we're going to expect to drive that down even further in 2019 closer to about 35%. And so what we're very consciously doing is driving leverage in our support function costs and reinvesting those dollars into R&D.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, great. And then just a follow-up related to that question which is in thinking about Records specifically in terms of the timeframe in which that's going to be a revenue generating product. Can you give us a sense in 2020; is that something in early 2020 in terms of revenue generation or more the second half of the year?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So as Rick was saying earlier, we're actually selling Axon Records today bundled in with our TASER 7, OSP offering but we would see that being a contributor in the first part of 2020.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. Thanks guys.
Rick Smith: Yes, I can just add a little color there, we don't expect that we're going to be selling many standalone deals with Axon Records because where our solution would be particularly strong is in the integrated piece of the Axon Ecosystem which it just so happens, that's where the major agencies are already on. So you'll see it's growing up in these bundled sales and we'll start recognizing revenue as soon as the product is in general availability with features that meet the Rev Rec guidelines that our customers conserve gaining utility from those features, we expect that to happen late this year.
Jeremy Hamblin: Right. That was really the question of when that product is going to be recognized as revenue. But I think we got the answer. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Latimore of Northland Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my question. This is Pavan [ph] on for Mike Latimore. I have two questions. My first one is like what percentage of your TASER sales were sold on a recurring plan and has upgrades?
Rick Smith: We're just going to track that down. We got that shareholder letter.
Andrea James: 35% of all weapons sold in Q4 were on a recurring payment plan and in the U.S. specifically it was 48% of new TASER contracts and I believe it was almost all T7 was on a recurring.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes. And my second question is like could you give us a sense of your backlog of evidence.com seats not yet activated?
Andrea James: Yes, we do have that. It's generally about 20%.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, it's about 15% to 20% of our booked seats.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, thanks. Thanks for answering my questions. Bye.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saliq Khan of Imperial Capital. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Saliq Khan: Perfect guys. A quick question for you on my end first one is could you give me a bit more granularity on the actual Fleet 2 either regarding your expected revenue or the margin contribution and even more importantly is are you seeing any competitive pressures from the likes of WatchGuard?
Luke Larson: Yes, so why don't I start with the back half of your question. We have really seen demand for Fleet 2 and are just really proud of the kind of market's response and the demand for Fleet. We sell the majority of our Fleet products just like we do our cameras where we sell them on bookings or they'll buy on a five-year contract and then we recognize that over a five-year period.
Rick Smith: Saliq, if I could contribute as well, I would say a couple of years ago WatchGuard was the clear market leader in in-car video. And by the way they are a company we hold in high regard. But I say we've been quite competitive. Our competitor Intel tells us there have been quarters where we've been the market leader on a dollar bookings basis and we continue to feel that the momentum is heading our direction. So we feel really good about within a year or two of launch we've been able to be a strong contender for the number one spot. And we think we only get stronger with time.
Saliq Khan: Perfect. Go ahead, please.
Jawad Ahsan: I want to provide some extra color, we shipped about 4,000 units in the quarter and we're expecting in 2019 a quarterly run rate to be at or above that level.
Saliq Khan: That's very helpful. Thank you for that. Guys, two more questions on my end as well. You may have touched upon the first one but the Axon inflection to sales; I noticed that they had declined roughly 3% year-over-year. Is that because you're seeing some of the sales be cannibalized by your other offerings? Or is there something else going on that I may be missing.
Luke Larson: In IACP, we announced our Axon Body 3 Camera. And so we've been working with a lot of our customers on how we would transition them over to the new technology that's going to be shipping this year.
Rick Smith: Yes, this is Rick. I want to add in there. In general, I think we've seen the market shifting in favor of the Integrated 1B Body camera versus the 2B, the original concept of Flex was that it would be a head mounted camera, it tracks the perspective of the officer and what we've found is just in practice officers really do not enjoy wearing the camera on their head, so they tend to wear it on their shoulders et cetera and that ends up really giving you a suboptimal experience, using up the narrow field of view and it's not ultimately tracking the officer's head. So I'm continuing to see a trend where officers and agencies are just moving towards a more simplified body camera design that both AB2 and now AB3.
Saliq Khan: Yes, I would have mentioned that as well. I think the form factor and ease of use altogether for the AB3, this seems a lot better than what I saw with the Axon FLEX, so nonetheless it's a great product now. Last question on my end guys, Rick you have done a ton of work with this in the past. I believe you continue to do a lot more of this. If you take a look at the International business that tends to be a big difference, due to the four agencies that are out there. What have you done over the past year or two to be able to improve the predictability of your International business?
Rick Smith: Yes, the main thing we have done is really hiring dedicated sales people in market and I think we've got a pretty good model of what it takes to open a market. I don't get into detail here. We have competitors on the call about how we resource markets. But I think we've got it down to where we were able to replicate that as we go into new markets in a pretty efficient way. We did just come off a record period in International sales and we do expect the year ahead, we could really start to see International continue to blossom really across the world but I think in Mainland, Europe are areas we've got our eye on. I was there in 2015, 2016, it has been two, three years and so we're now starting to see some national police forces like we saw in Sweden. And we've got some others that are in field trials of both TASER weapons and cameras.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg of Needham. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Scott Berg: Hi everyone thanks for taking my questions. I have one and a follow-up, I guess first of all I don't know if Rick or Luke want to answer the question but can you give us a sense of what you saw from customers in the quarter that were evaluating the new TASER 7 in terms of their willingness to purchase subscription. I heard Andrea give the metric that the vast majority of the sales in the quarter on the TASER 7 were subscription but how about maybe a broader comment on the conversations you had?
Luke Larson: Rick, why don't you take that? Yes, sorry. So when we historically, when we were approaching customers a lot of the early TASER purchases for M26 and S26 were out of -- they were out of their discretionary funds usually kind of chunks of cash that they could spend on whatever they wanted. Now we've effectively positioned the TASER as mission critical gear. So the majority of the agencies especially in the States have actually come to us with a pull to put that into their operating budget which really aligns with our subscription plan. So I would see over the next three to five years, we would expect the vast majority of our U.S. customers to buy on a recurring service plan. Now we do want to keep in mind that they still have some of these discretionary funds and that's the way they like to purchase. We're never going to turn away VIEVU. But I would see the majority of the customers looking to buy on the subscription plans.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would add to that as well. TASER 7 is globally interested in that virtually every sales it has a subscription element even if they buy the weapon, there is a subscription element for the docs rechargeable batteries and software services that we really need to effectively run the program even if they bought the weapons outright. So my [indiscernible] every significant order in the quarter had some subscription element and I can't think of one offhand where the customer came in and said, no, no we are going to buy the weapons and only give the subscription for the smaller parts. There may be some of that. But the tone of the market is quite different whereas three or four years ago when we started offering payment plans for weapons, I would say the majority of customers would come back and say no, no, I want to buy this the way I've always bought it and pay you one-time and own it whereas now the majority of the larger customers where I'm having personal exposure they are almost, well they're all that I'm aware of that I would just go to one of these officers safety or certification type plans where it's a subscription model.
Scott Berg: Got it, helpful. And then my follow-up would be on in your press release you mentioned some incremental investments outside of law enforcement like Fire Departments, emergency medical, or emergency services et cetera. Can you maybe quantify what those additional investments or those incremental investments look like here in 2019 and then how about any other success stories in your endeavors outside of law enforcement outside of the -- I think it was the Charlotte Fire Department that was a big wondering there? Thank you.
Jawad Ahsan: So I will start with the level of investments, you can expect that we'll make those investments within the guidance that we've given for R&D. So we've guided to north of 20% R&D as a percentage of revenue and that's inclusive of the investments we're making for adjacent markets and at this point as part of the overall bucket, it's still relatively minimal.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would just add there that well we're mostly focused on how we take the same products and features set that we've created for law enforcement and find other enterprise users that would want similar capabilities. And in fact this is one where having law enforcement as reference customers is pretty, it's pretty powerful because that's seen by enterprises as a fairly elite very data secure oriented market where we're the clear leader and now we're looking at how we can parlay that leadership into revenue in other markets where we're doing a pretty scrappy way. So just going with Jawad said, it's not something you will see broken out. It's not -- these are nowhere near the level of investment that we're making into major initiatives like Records, Dispatch. This is really taking the major investment we've made in building these connected body cameras and now taking those into new markets. So from a SG&A perspective, I think our expectation is that new markets should pay for themselves relatively quickly. There's not going to be some huge upfront marketing and launch expense. We're moving to these markets in pretty cost effective way.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, actually I want to add to that, I want to give Rick and Luke lot of kudos here. Previously when we thought about getting into new markets, new products, we made pretty heavy investments. And what we've done recently is really shift to this smaller scrap your mindset and Rick and Luke to pioneer these Delta teams that you've heard us talk about where we'll take very small teams of one to three people and basically have them bootstrap their way into growth and we've done that with our drones business. There's some other new product categories we're getting into we're doing this and it's proving to be we're very, very excited about the early returns, we're seeing from these from these new products. So there is certainly markets for existing products like body cameras and TASERs that we're looking for markets outside of law enforcement but then there's also new product categories that we're approaching in a small scrappy mindset.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer of Craig-Hallum. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Steve Dyer: Great, thanks. A question on the TASER business, one question on Software and Sensors. On the TASER business, I think you touched on a little bit of a gross margin degradation, operating margin of 18.5%, to what would you add back in other words a one-time FX but if you add those back what do you feel like a good sort of normalized operating margin in the quarter was?
Jawad Ahsan: So for TASER, we were looking at your, one second, we've got here. On a pro forma basis, so yes, I mean this is part of the issue we have Steve is that we're really -- we are no longer breaking out SG&A by segment because a lot of our SG&A cost, actually most of our SG&A costs were allocated to TASER and it wasn't very meaningful to look at that by segment. And so we look at our gross margins by segment, we look at our R&D by segment but SG&A we really look at on a consolidated basis. So I would really point you to focus to the TASER gross margins and that's something where like we had said in the short-term 61% to 63% and we expect that to normalize by the end of the year.
Steve Dyer: Got it. I guess one of my questions going is not that long ago, a couple of years ago as recently as that the TASER business was mid to high-30s operating margin business and it's sort of gradually declining over the last couple of years and I calculated 18.5% this quarter on an operating basis but I realized with a couple of one-time things playing out. And if guess what I'm trying to figure out, is the TASER business structurally different in any way than it was a couple of years ago or is pricing different, I mean I would think if anything more people on a subscription plan or that could be more profitable but anything going on there that I can make that curtailment?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so Steve, that's very perceptive and what you're seeing is that the company overall is much different than it was a couple of years ago and a lot of the infrastructure that we've added from an SG&A standpoint is servicing the entire company but all those costs have been burdened in TASERs. When you look at the TASER operating margins over that period for sure, it's going to have degraded but that's not really reflective of what's going on in the TASER business because again we haven't been allocating those costs to Software and Sensors which is why we're really looking at gross margins by segment and SG&A, we look at it on a consolidated basis. Again I've already given you the guidance for the gross margins on TASER. So it's taking a bit of a step back as we're ramping up TASER 7 but we expect that it's going to normalize throughout 2019 and we also feel really good about the body camera business if you take out those costs for VIEVU those one-time headwinds. We actually were very close to break even.
Steve Dyer: Got it. That's helpful, thanks. I guess one more question on weapons, well I had is on TASER 7 is your expectation that the buyers of that product will typically be people who already have TASER devices, do you at this stage sort of any new sort of conquest sales for people [indiscernible] like this going forward. What do you expect to get that growth from?
Jawad Ahsan: I'd like to start with this before I turn over. So one of the things that I'm very excited about with TASER 7, so a key part of our strategy has been to shift towards a recurring pricing model with the TASER weapons. First we have always talked about the five-year useful life and that should be a driver of new sales. And then we talked about shifting from CapEx to OpEx and really being a line item in the budget. And for the first time, what we're seeing is demand for the new TASER weapon on the merits of the weapon being very good historically for X2, for S26 piece and five-year useful life. It's been the shift to OpEx but now what we're seeing is people actually want the TASER 7 because it's so good.
Luke Larson: Yes, our -- we think every Frontline officer should carry a TASER. It wasn't that long ago that Chicago PD had a high profile incident where they called for a TASER 7 times and they didn't have one in the wake of that incident, they really made a push to get them on all Frontline officers. So we're working on filling out every, every major city, every white space, we believe Frontline officers should have TASERs. And then internationally, we're also seeing a big opportunity where historically we've seen smaller percentage of forces just a percentage deploy and we're now making strides in positioning hey this should be carried by every officer.
Steve Dyer: Last one for me, just as it relates to body cams. They've been out there now for a few years and to the point just starting to see some opportunities for renewal. Where are you seeing as people come up for their first renewal, some of the early adopters of body cams certainly good thing to speak up or any color there would be great. Thanks.
Luke Larson: Yes, one of our margin or one of our metrics for last year was actually on churn and retention. So we're laser-focused on every deal ensuring that when they come up for renewal, they stay on the Axon Network. We've not rested on our laurels, we're investing in making these products even better and offer more capabilities like the AB3. So both Rick and I are taking an active role in meeting with major cities. This week we're both going to be out at different major cities along with our Chief Revenue Officer, not only talking about the body cameras, but talking about the entire OSP 7 offering with TASER 7 and records but we feel very, very confident that we've got a sticky solution with the entire Axon offering.
Steve Dyer: A follow-up, is there any steps that you are able to carry just around any first time any renewal percentages et cetera?
Luke Larson: I'm sorry, could you repeat that. Your line is really staticky. I couldn't make that out.
Steve Dyer: Yes, I guess that I am looking for some of the early adopters come up for renewal on the body cam, is this still anecdotal or quantitative numbers shifting back around the first kind of renewal or anything like that to suggest that it's a long-term sticky product.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So for the first time last year we changed our bonus metrics, they were previously all commercially focused and for the first time last year, we introduced some profitability metrics. We also introduced some mutations and we had churn as one of the metrics and it was less than a third of a percent. It was practically zero. And we had I want to say about 20 different accounts up for renewal and so it's been a very sticky product. Actually a lot of what we're seeing is that the customers don't even go the full five years end up renewing early and adding scope, adding users and scope of work to their contracts.
Luke Larson: Yes. I would also offer when they go on -- when they adopt Axon Body Cameras, we're not only offering them cameras, we're going into their operating workflow where the officer learn -- gets to learn the product. They also day in a life they're talking not in a dock. That's infrastructure that we actually install on site and then all of that evidence uploads evidence.com which is now we have over 40 petabytes of data on evidence.com. So we want to continually provide new value to the agencies but we also have really cemented ourselves in that workflow with the infrastructure that we've put in place as well as just the amount of data that they're uploading to the SAP system.
Rick Smith: Yes, this is Rick. Just a finer point on it of all the agencies large enough to get on my radar screen last year, there was only one that did not renew and that was not a customer that basically was a customer that had a small T&E, mainly a small TACT number of units that they were not actively using. So that's the sort of customer you'd expect wouldn't have renewed, if they got a small number and for whatever reason didn't deploy them but every significant customer with any decent number of cameras on the network renewed last year. So they should not done with what I said. But we're very happy to have customers are finding utility and there far we did -- we saw a lot of customers last year upgrade early because they wanted to add whether it's a TASER 7, whether it's adding Fleet, or any of the other new features, we're seeing that that is a very common phenomenon on that. And once agencies do go through adding something onto their contract, it's pretty universal. I'm looking at my team to make sure [indiscernible] that most of the time if they're going to go through a procurement, they want to co-terminate and extend to another five years, so they don't have to keep going through another procurement process and let's say once you because we've created another value prop for them to come in and increase it. At one-time it is working I would say better than I could have anticipated when we got into this business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Godfrey of CLK. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. Question one for you Jawad, adjusted EBITDA is $82.5 million at the midpoint. And I'm just thinking that in 2018 adjusted EBITDA came in at $61 million, free cash flow was $47 million, so 77% conversion rate. Would you expect a similar conversion rate on your adjusted EBITDA in 2019?
Jawad Ahsan: Directionally, yes. I think it'll probably. So what we were generally expecting to see a bit of a air part or a bit of an impact on cash with TASER 7 because most of those sales obviously on subscription versus the upfront like booking shift model for the previous weapons so we haven't seen as much of an impact because we also now have had customers on these recurring deals for some period of time and with these, then making there -- with that base building, it's less of an impact. But directionally it's going to be about the same maybe slightly lower, maybe slightly lower but about the same.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then second question more a high-level. I've read through the announcements again just now for the Swedish Police Authority and taking action on body cam. I'm just curious what your sales picture is probably very similar across countries. But I'm just curious what did Sweden latch onto or what pushed them over the goal line versus other countries that you're still having to work through to get them to sign a contract?
Luke Larson: Yes, so in international, we have a slightly different sales dynamic in the States, we've got these municipal agencies so they're much faster sales cycle. There's also a lot of now earned comfort with going all in on the cloud. In Europe, in Continental Europe in particular we're still working with some countries on issues around data sovereignty in some kind of mid-tier markets. They actually have infrastructure gaps like they might not have access to constant connectivity for like cloud-based solution. And so in Sweden, we have a great kind of reference customer. They're close to Greater London Metropolitan Police and other big agencies in the UK. And so I think all of those factors made it very compelling for them to go onto the Axon Network.
George Godfrey: So Sweden is more comfortable with their infrastructure data connectivity versus say in Italy or Germany?
Luke Larson: In Germany, in particular, there is a lot of sensitivity around working with German providers for technology and infrastructure or we've hired on the ground German customer facing rep. We're still in the process of developing the right technology and implementation partners in Germany and that is -- those are kind of slow down the adoption cycle.
George Godfrey: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Andrea James: Operator, before we go to the next question, we can go a little bit few minutes already. So I just wanted a quick point of clarification of something that's been said in the last couple of minutes and it's pretty clear in the shareholder letter that the gross margin guidance for Q1 and rest of the year is 61% to 63% for the whole company not the TASER segment. So just want to make sure that was clear. Okay. Next question please.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum of Northcoast Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Guys as we are looking at the TASER 7 acceptance, I noticed about the 11% acceptance rate in the quarter. And I know you guys are saying it's going to ramp up throughout the year. Can you provide a little bit of color on I guess how fast you expect it to ramp up and you expect to perhaps exit FY 2019 with 100% TASER 7 sales going forward?
Jawad Ahsan: We wouldn't expect a 100% on TASER 7 sales, 20% roughly 20% of our business is going to come from International and that's going to be a slower market for TASER 7 as we clear all of their regulatory things that we need to have in place. In the U.S., we would see we think the majority of the deals will end the year with TASER 7 being our number one seller. We will have some agencies that may be laggards or have price sensitivity in which case we've got a great offering in the X26 piece so.
Keith Housum: Got it. And then Jawad, if I look at the profitability of the T7 under the subscription plan, I noticed in the release you guys talked about 45% of the revenue being recognized at the time of sale. What would be the profitability at that point in time? It would be the same percentage as the sale or no?
Jawad Ahsan: So they're actually -- there are two models that we sell the TASER, the one is a $40 monthly and one is $60 monthly and 45% is for the $60 month plan. The $40 plan actually has more revenue upfront, it has about 75% revenue upfront and that's because of the $60 plan more of the revenue gets allocated to software components. And so that profitability will depend on the mix of the two plans. But overall, we expect the entire companies that the margin -- what we will see is that the margins will then start to tick up on the software side.
Keith Housum: So maybe if I ask the question a little bit differently, so if let's say the 60 month plan, 60 bucks a month, 45% of the revenues recognized at that point in time. Does that mean 45% of the cost is also recognized at that point in time?
Jawad Ahsan: No, well the -- no the costs for the weapon will be recognized upfront. And the less revenue then it would see under the $40 a month plan. So the margins would actually be less, if we have a higher mix in the $60 monthly.
Keith Housum: I will take that offline as well. Thanks, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson of Ladenburgh. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi, I know it's really a recent event but I'm just curious to see, if you guys are hearing anything in the field out there but the recent Supreme Court ruling that prohibits excessive confiscation in the terms of asset forfeitures and what that would mean for Police budgets going forward and especially in light of the fact that it's a kind of a major price increase. Your next, the current officer safety plan, so if you're going to continue to see success with that program then I guess you would be taking share from a shrinking budget potentially. So just generally your thoughts on if you're hearing anything yet or what you think you might hear down the road from that kind of a ruling?
Rick Smith: Yes, so this is Rick. So we've seen no real impact from it to-date. I would say this is one advantage of getting into the annual budgets. The things get hardest hit by those asset forfeiture would be the one-time purchases where agencies, they have an event that leads to some confiscated assets. This leads to some money that they can buy things with. That's overall a relatively small portion of their overall budget and that's more again just the things that they buy one-off. Our business is become ever more integrated into the line budget line items. We've become less susceptible to those sort of whims of faith based on what they may or may not have in terms of complications recently. So we haven't seen much of an effect and I don't anticipate there to be much of an effect especially given the shift heavier to subscription.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call over to Rick Smith for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Hey everybody thanks for coming on the call today, come out and see us and accelerate our Annual User Conference, it’s coming up the end of April and the 1st of May we will have segments targeted for investors so you can come out and see hundreds to thousands of our customers and some of the new stuff will be showcasing as we move into the back half of the year. So thanks everybody and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Andrea James - Vice President of Investor Relations Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer and Founder Jawad Ahsan - Chief Financial Officer Josh Isner - Chief Revenue Officer
Analysts: Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley Scott Berg - Needham & Co. Keith Housum - Northcoast Securities Charlie Ehrlich - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company LLC Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ryan Sigdahl - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC George Godfrey - CL King & Associates, Inc. Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Christine, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Axon Enterprise, Inc. Reports Third Quarter Financial Results. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Luke Larson, President, you may begin your conference.
Luke Larson: Good afternoon to everyone. I'm Luke Larson, President of Axon. Welcome to Axon's third quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining us today are Axon's CEO and Founder Rick Smith; and our CFO, Jawad Ahsan. Before we get started, Andrea James, our VP of Investor Relations, will read the safe harbor statement.
Andrea James: Good afternoon. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. During our call, we'll be making references to our reported results, which you can find by reading our quarterly shareholder letter which is available at investor.axon.com and on the SEC website. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected revenue growth and profitability. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail on our annual reports on the Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on the Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings, as well as our other SEC filings at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov and searching for our filings under the AAXN ticker. Okay, turning the call over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. Welcome, everybody. We've got a lot of exciting momentum at Axon. We expect to finish the year strong and believe our latest product innovation set us up for a fantastic 2019. For those of you who did not get a chance to come to IACP in Orlando and fire the TASER 7, I want you to know that it is a game changer. We don't introduce a new weapon every day, so I thought I'd take a moment to walk you through what we really built with TASER 7. We essentially reinvented the TASER weapon from the ground up. We looked at all the factors that can lead to an ineffective use and engineered significant improvements on each of those factors. Throughout human history, lethal weapons have always been the only truly reliable way to stop people. We've gotten to the point now where TASER weapons are getting very close. And as you know, our goal is to make the bullet obsolete. Fundamentally, we believe that society's gun problem is a technology problem and TASER 7 is a big step closer to solving it. We rigorously analyze the reasons why bullets can be more effective and more reliable than a TASER weapon. And we looked at all the technical limitations and then invented ways to overcome those limitations to make the TASER weapon more effective. We completely redesigned the entire cartridge system, spooling the wire now inside the darts, which makes the darts heavier. They retain velocity better. And because we spool the wire out through a nozzle in the center of the dart, we use the drag from the wire on spooling to stabilize the dart in flight. This design keeps TASER 7 darts really stable, whereas historically the wires were folded in the cartridge and the unfolding of the wires actually caused the darts to oscillate, which can cause darts to ricochet off a target depending on the angle of flight at the exact moment of impact. We also designed TASER 7 to hit with more kinetic energy. We have accelerated the dart and the wire all at one time. And so, now when it hits, it has more mass and at higher velocity. The tips of the darts are also now designed to break away on impact, so if you hit somebody at a glancing angle, historically, the momentum of the dart might cause it to bounce at an angle and ricochet off the target. Now, with TASER 7, the tip of the dart will actually break off and stay in the target if the body of the dart is at an angle, where the momentum would have previously carried it away. The dart might ricochet off the target, because of the physics around the dart. But instead of that bounce ripping the tip out, the tip will now stay in, and the system can achieve incapacitation. These designs lead to better clothing penetration, which makes the weapon more effective, especially in cold weather, when people are wearing winter jackets. This is historically been one of the challenging situations, things like heavy leather jackets, and TASER 7 improves performance in these scenarios. We also looked at the way we deliver the electrical charge. And we spend a lot of time thinking about how to maintain the margin of safety of the weapon while improving the electrical stimulation to make it more effective. TASER 7 delivers the same quantum of electrical charge, but in a shorter time period. The shorter pulse creates greater current intensity and makes it more effective at stimulating skeletal muscles, while still maintaining similar cardiac safety. We then increased the number of pulses delivered every second from 19 to 22, which further increases muscular impairment. We call these refinements Rapid Arc, denoting both the more rapid charge delivery and the more rapid pulse repetition frequency. Now, all TASER weapons deliver charge voltage, but at an extremely low current. The strength of the current from these devices is about 3 orders of magnitude below the current you can get from a wall outlet. And we'd remind our new investors, especially the point of a TASER is not to deliver pain, but to deliver neuromuscular incapacitation, by overwhelming and mimicking the brain's own signals to tell the muscles what to do. This is why TASER weapons do not rely on pain compliance like a traditional stun gun. So we preserve the same margin of medical safety, at the same time we optimize the pulse delivery to achieve better incapacitation. We also designed a new feature called Adaptive Cross Connect, which gives a whole new meaning to the term smart weapon. The weapon actively measures and optimizes the charge according to the spread with up to 4 darts in play. Now, everything I told you in the last minute or so may sound like abstract technical concepts. But when you see the effect on a human volunteer, you will quickly see why these refinements matter. It is significantly more effective. So to a layperson looking at a TASER 7, they might see, well, it's a weapon that fires 2 sets of darts, and wonder what makes it so different from the X2 or previous 2 shot weapon. And the answer is everything. Everything is under hood that makes it more reliable and more effective. I have not seen as much excitement about a new TASER weapon, since the X26, which we introduced back in 2003. Customers who've seen it absolutely love the new TASER 7. I believe TASER 7 creates a super compelling upgrade proposition for every existing TASER customer, which effectively resets our ability to drive a whole new upgrade cycle. And plus, there are some really important convenience factors. The dock-and-walk capability makes it super-fast and reliable, so you can integrate your TASER 7 into Evidence.com, and you never even have to think about it. Just swap your batteries once a month and we move the data in the background. TASER 7 also drives the concept of TASER as a service. We're seeing proof points of early adoption with several major agencies that are field trialing TASER 7. And two major agencies are already committed to full deployment. Also exciting, after some period time of capturing data about TASER, we'll be able to start surfacing up insights to officers and their managers inform officer performance and help them perform better. So, well, TASER 7 is really a fantastic product and customers love it. So with the new Axon Body 3, which you'd probably read about. We're going to talk more about Axon Body 3, as we bring it to market in the middle of next year. But it's our first real time connected body camera with LTE built in. Also exciting as Fleet 2, which we just announced in June and we're already shipping the customers. Fleet 1 was our disruptive entry into the in car market and Fleet 2 has been racking up competitive wins and sets us up to extend our leadership inside the vehicle. So our product teams are really on a roll, and if any of them are listening right now, I want to thank you guys for the amazing and hard work you're doing. These new products are a bridge to keep growth momentum going, while we scale up Axon records. All of our new hardware products drive software revenue, because we're really driving about to have connected devices and the software to manage it all. Speaking about Axon Records, we're making Axon Records core functionality free for agencies to sign up for the new TASER 7 Officer Safety Plan and we're making it free for the full five-year period. By core functionality, we mean basic reporting functions so after an officer shows up at a scene and performs an action, the officer then fills out an incident report about what happened. Our mission is not just to make the incident report a little bit better. Our mission is to make that entire manual form filling process obsolete. So our goal is to disrupt the entire manual data entry process and that's why we chose to do a strategy to maximally reduce the friction of market adoption. We see the real value records is in the data, not in the form filling software. We have the largest data set of public safety we're out over 40 petabytes, that's 40 million gigabytes. Aggregating the text records in the same system as the video, means, that we can create a uniquely powerful training set for our AI team to build out the models that extract the incident report right from the video. Freeing officers from typing in data will be something on the order of a magnet - one order of magnitude more valuable than the best form filling software could ever be. So we're streamlining our pathway to that future. Now speaking of software, we're thrilled to report that our annual recurring revenue in the Software and Sensors segment has surpassed $100 million in the quarter. We all knew it was coming, but it's a milestone worth highlighting, because it underscores our leadership in developing cloud software for law enforcement. To be clear our annual recurring revenue of $102 million refers only to software warranty revenue, it does not include hardware in that number. The way we approach the market and strategy - our strategy is to identify where the market is going and then look at what we can do to accelerate existing trends in a way that creates a unique customer value and a competitive advantage for us. We've been successful doing that today, and we're excited to keep that going. And with that, I will now hand off to Luke.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. I think there are three key themes to this quarterly update. There that we've got strong product development momentum, we're seeing an exciting 2019 sales pipeline and we continue to focus on driving margins, leverage and profitability. Let me give some more color about our product momentum and sales pipeline, in particular, in the last decade that I've been at the company TASER 7 with the most successful product launch that I've ever been a part of. The International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference is a big deal for Axon, it's one of the two major marketing pushes we have each year, the other being Axon accelerate, which is our user conference. At this year's IACP, we had close to 3,000 customers visit our booth, which featured the ability to fire the new TASER 7 as well as sample our new virtual reality empathy training. At IACP, we put 2,500 chiefs through the shooting experience. The new TASER 7 features were incredibly well received, and I'm confident in saying that this offer creates certain demand for a compelling upgrade cycle. Our sales team are also pretty excited, they haven't had a new TASER to sell in several years, so we think we're well positioned for incredibly strong 2019. We also had more than 2,500 guests attend a party for TASER 7 and Axon Body 3, where we unveiled the product followed by a concert from the band OneRepublic. Our marketing team made an incredible tribute video that was played by the band and a chief took an iPhone video it and shared it online it was viewed over 6 million times. Jawad has friendly asked me to remind you that the OneRepublic concert was sponsored by Verizon. Our partnerships with both Verizon and AT&T for FirstNet also sponsored portions of our IACP presence that were hugely synergistic, because they're building a nationwide LTE network dedicated to first responders and we are the market leader in connected devices that can communicate over those networks. We believe, we will see an inflection point next year in reliance upon those networks and Axon Body 3 is perfectly timed to leverage that inflection, starting in the back half of next year. The other thing, I'd like that update you on is a recent incident we had with a major customer. VIEVU LE5 camera overheated and no one was hurt, but this still track some press. You'll recall that we acquired the VIEVU of competing body camera provider in May of this year. I'm pleased to say that we've reached a resolution with the large customer in question that customer will accelerate their transition from VIEVU cameras to Axon Body 2 cameras and Axon Evidence. The transition may result in some incremental Q4 expense, which Jawad will discuss but overall this is an excellent long-term development for Axon to accelerate that major customer moving over to the Axon Network. Axon is proud to join forces with agencies to make their body cameras a success. Every new customer on the network benefits to others. Now, I'll turn the call over to our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. We feel great about delivering another quarter of solid performance, but more importantly we feel confident about the underlying strength of the business. Our strategic direction and ability to drive meaningful growth going forward. At our Analyst Day, one year ago, we projected a three to five year of CAGR of 16% to 20% revenue growth with continued margin expansion and today we feel very confident about that trajectory. As we approach the final months of the year, we're tracking to hit the midpoint of our revenue guidance. Q4 is typically our strongest weapons quarter, but this year we have a lot of customers trialing TASER 7 for shipment in 2019, so weapons will be lighter than usual and we expect software and sensors to carry most of the growth. You heard the level of enthusiasm from Rick and Luke around product innovation, particularly the ability to drive substantial volume and margin from TASER 7, which sets us up really well for 2019. We expect a modest contribution from TASER 7 in Q 4 with a more significant ramp next year. Our 2019 sales pipeline looks strong. In addition to TASER 7, we expect growth to be driven by full-year of shipping Axon Fleet 2, which is proving popular with customers, international expansion and several points of Axon Cloud SaaS growth. Before we go to Q&A, I want to expand on one of the points Luke mentioned regarding a large domestic VIEVU customer that's accelerating its move to the Axon platform. We may have some cost absorption associated with this move in Q4, we're actively working to minimize the impact to our Q4 P&L. But we believe, we can absorb a material amount of expense and still produce adjusted EBITDA margins for the full year within our guidance of 14% to 16%. For the long-term, moving VIEVU customers over to the Axon network is a great outcome and provides us with opportunities to deliver even more value added services to these customers. Thank you all for dialing in today. And with that, I'll turn it back to Andrea.
Andrea James: Thanks, Jawad. Just really quickly before we go to questions, I want to remind you last quarter we had said that in the spirit of being scrappy, we're going to ask most of our investors to listen via webcast and save the conference call line for those asking questions. It's actually thousands of dollars' worth of savings per year. So I just want to thank those of you who are listening via webcast today for doing your part and helping us stay scrappy. Operator, let's go to questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Yuuji Anderson from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Yuuji Anderson: Thanks for taking my question. On the large customer transition off of VIEVU, outside of the plan replacement there, were there additional body camera rollouts that were originally slated for Q4? And if so, is there a delay there in that rollout, because of this activity that's now built into guidance?
Rick Smith: Yeah, so this is Rick. So we, obviously, went back and met with the customer there. This is creating a little bit of a delay in the program. And that there was a shift, the decision to accelerate over to the Axon body cameras, obviously, it takes a little bit of effort to pivot the supply chain and to make that happen. So it will push out, I think by the end of February is the goal now to get the complete rollout done.
Yuuji Anderson: Okay. That's very helpful. And then my second question is sort of just broadly on body camera deployments. In anticipation of Body 3, are you seeing customers pausing before that? And can you just remind us broadly how you're handling expected replacement activity before the slated launch? Thanks so much.
Luke Larson: Yeah, so the majority of our body camera customers buy on one of our service plans, where they get TAP upgrade. And so that allows them to transition to the latest body cameras. So we haven't really seen any kind of blip in demand through Q4. And we expect this to be strong right up until the launch of AB3.
Rick Smith: Yeah, one thing we've learned by including hardware refreshes in our subscription plan, it really does reduce some of the sort of discontinuity that might happen when you introduce a product and people are waiting for the next one, where we did want to introduce AB3 early enough before launch, to have our customers have time to put it in their procurement cycles. And then also we felt this year was a really transformative year for the LTE networks with both Verizon and AT&T FirstNet, really pushing hard to get these mission critical networks live. So we made the conscious decision to go ahead and announce AB3 a little further in advance than we would have been with the normal product launch. But what we are hearing from our customers is for the most part they can buy and get started on an AB2 and just take the AB3 during their upgrade cycle. So we're feeling pretty good about how things will balance out.
Yuuji Anderson: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Berg from Needham. Your line is open.
Scott Berg: Hi, everyone. Congrats on a great quarter and thanks for taking my questions. I have two. Let's start with that large deal on the old VIEVU cameras that you had mentioned. Rick, I just wanted to understand, is there any additional revenue opportunities there? I understand they chose the VIEVU solution over Axon initially, because it was more of a price-driven decision versus functionality. And with the new Axon body cameras is there an opportunity for some uplift there in the revenues? And then secondly, since they're bringing on Evidence.com as a result, is there some, maybe incremental revenue opportunities there?
Rick Smith: Yeah, so the way I would characterize this is, right now, this is all about helping an important customer that had a challenging situation. And we're investing in the relationship. So this does not create any short-term revenue opportunities. But we believe one of the things that makes us different is we do not allow programs to fail. And I think that's what we're demonstrating with the customer in question here. For them to go through to buy incremental services are not part of the contract. There are a lot of processes et cetera they would have to go through. And we've basically taken the approach that, hey, we are going to help you meet your goals and get these cameras live. And we're going to focus on making sure this program is successful. And I'm very confident that that will lead to long-term revenue opportunities. But now wasn't the time for us to be having those types of conversations with the customer. We have to help them through a difficult spot. And we think that's the right thing to do. And our history has shown that that pays off in really long-term profitable relationships.
Scott Berg: Got it, helpful. And then my follow up would be maybe it's for Luke or Jawad, is on the new TASER rollout, big push of that rollout least from a marketing perspective was to push the Officer Safety Plan and to adopt these obviously via the subscription model is wanted to hear if you had any feedback from customers on kind of that thought process or what the pricing looks like there? And maybe how should we think about those expectations as we go into 2019? Does that actually be a little bit of a springboard to shift more of those sales to the OSP than a [product driven] [ph] sale?
Luke Larson: Yeah, so we would expect the majority of the TASER 7 deals to go on a service plan. And we've got two kind of great higher-end offerings with the Officer Safety Plan 7, which is $149 a month. And that includes TASER 7, the AB3, [aware] [ph], and our core RMS offering. And we have an expanded offering, OSP 7 Plus. That's $199 a month that includes all of that, plus some additional software capabilities around performance, CAD RMS integration, AI redaction. And so, one of the great things about going to IACP is oftentimes you would hear customers, their first question is what's the price. I think you know you've got a winning product when they don't even ask about the price. They're just really excited about the compelling features that Rick talked about. And so, we've seen just a really positive response thus far to TASER 7.
Rick Smith: One thing I would add as well, so the - in those two sort of different versions of the Officer Safety Plan, the top version of plan also includes some of the really intensive data streaming like live video, et cetera. So those are price points that are significantly up over the $99 to $109, that the Officer Safety Plan has been at historically. And early indications are our customers are seeing the value both between TASER 7 and between the connectivity. When you take a camera and turn it into a live connected sensor, all of a sudden, it's not just something that can help you after the event, it can help you during the event and with real-time information. So for our customers it creates a ton of value and obviously for our shareholders it's a compelling opportunity to continue to drive up ARPU.
Scott Berg: Thanks again, very helpful. I'll jump back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Housum from Northcoast Research. Your line is open.
Keith Housum: Good afternoon, gentlemen. A question for you on the new product offering with the RMS and the pricing arrangement, I know it's only been out there for about a month or so. And my understanding is the RMS is generally turned over very slowly. With the offer of 5 year free licenses, are you seeing interest in some of the agencies actually willing to accelerate their replacement of the RMS?
Rick Smith: I'd say, it's probably early for us to characterize whether we're seeing that big of a shift in the overall market. I would say we have a lot more people asking about records in the context of it being included in the new Officer Safety Plan. So I would characterize it had a generally positive response. But it's early for us to characterize that it's shifted the market yet in a material way.
Keith Housum: Got you. If I just follow up on the issue with the large customer, presumably now you're going to have excess cameras in inventory. What's the opportunity to sell those cameras, I guess, to other agencies? And then, are you seeing any pushback from people who are currently using the LE5 model, earlier looking also to perhaps put those back?
Rick Smith: We've - so the incident report that came back showed that this was a battery that was damaged basically with a paper clip being inserted aggressively and puncturing through the wall and the battery cell. We are also making some modifications to make that more bulletproof, so it's harder to do that. But our analysis says it's not a defective product. And I think as we've had that conversation with customers, they're comfortable and they understand as well. I think it was just a bit unique in that the large customer that experienced the issue, it was right in the middle of a transition point. And given the complexities around deploying at scale, and all the issues in a large city that there - the customer work with us and really wanted to accelerate the transition over to AB2. And frankly, our assessment was that that's not a terrible outcome, right. But this sort of shows the value of the system that we built, that we have a major customer looking to accelerate their move over to Axon and the Axon Body 2s. In terms of the - it does free up, we had cameras that were on order that were slated for delivery to that customer. We do believe that there are markets, both U.S. and international, where we can we can sell those cameras. At least that's our current plan. So it's - we feel pretty good about where we ended up, that it sets us up really for long term success.
Keith Housum: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Ehrlich from Baird. Your line is open.
Charlie Ehrlich: Great. Thanks for taking the question. Just one for me. Is there any change to the margin outlook longer term, specifically in the Software and Sensor segment, given all the growth opportunities and investments around those opportunities? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Hi, Charlie. No. There are there are no changes at this point time, we're still sticking to our full year guidance also maintain your guidance for the years, as we said. We're going to drive leverage in the business to the tune of about 300 to 400 basis points in margin. We change that earlier in the year to adjusted EBITDA, and with the investments we're making in records and dispatch, we're very excited about those markets and about those products, in particular. So we're going to be walking the line between driving leverage in the business and making investments in this new growth opportunities. At this point in time, there's no change to that.
Charlie Ehrlich: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty & Co. Your line is open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to just ask about the Axon Cloud revenues, a little bit lower growth in that - in the quarter than we'd seen. I wanted to just get a sense of whether or not, is that a function of just fewer licenses that were activated from your backlog in the quarter? Or what drove a little bit lower growth in that sequentially?
Rick Smith: Yeah, we are seeing typically normal growth as we see in that segment, we didn't see anything in the quarter as far as deployments or installs that was out of the ordinary. I'm sort of curious, where you're drawing that conclusion from the growth was lower than expected.
Jeremy Hamblin: Just in terms of what the run rates of - from Q2 to Q3, and where the run rates had been flowing from let's say Q1 to Q2, or Q4 from last year to Q1.
Rick Smith: It's just I'd say, we'd probably want to just take a look, and we did have a conversation with the offline. But there was nothing to caught our attention that was imitating sort of slowdown.
Jeremy Hamblin: Understood. Just - and then another question I may have missed it. But in terms of international sales in the quarter, what was that as a percent of total sales and then just an update in terms of you reported a really nice large order non-English speaking country. Do you continue to - what kind of progress are you seeing again in those kind of non-English speaking countries in Europe or otherwise just an update there? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yeah. So we've been really pleased with our country managers that are managing APAC, EMEA, as well as the Americas. In Italy, in particular, there was a fairly large trial that has now moved to the next phase of the trial, where they've expanded from what was essentially six major municipalities in Italy to expand that to up to I believe 50 cities in Italy to continue the testing. So that's a key milestone in that market. As we look to 2019, we feel really good about international contributing at the same level that it did this year.
Jawad Ahsan: And Jeremy to answer your question specifically, it's through nine months of year-to-date, International was 20% of our overall revenues that's up 34% year-over-year.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Good luck.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Ho from William Blair. Your line is open.
Jonathan Ho: Hi, congratulations on the strong quarter. Can you guys hear me, okay?
Rick Smith: Yeah.
Jonathan Ho: Perfect. So I just wanted to get a little bit more detail on the Axon Records launch. Can you give us a little bit more color in terms of what you're hearing, in terms of feedback from customers and maybe you what they're most excited about as they start to test the solution mark?
Rick Smith: Yeah. So what customers are really excited about is they were taking a very different approach. To the problem set, which is what we're not building is sort of a product that is optimized, sort of, for going through the RFP box checking exercise. I think, that's what led to a lot of really sort of overly complicated hard new software. The thing that we're really focused on is, just crushing the user experience. But I think they do day-in and day-out. Where it's all about making that officer able to operate efficiently all the way through the chain of those reports getting through approvals, et cetera. And ultimately automating the creation of the police report, so that cops are spending half their time sitting with keyboard type and stuff up. And we're getting just a ton of excitement, in fact, we had one major city that had recently maybe gone through a major RMS, RFP and acquisition process. And we thought they were off the table for a decade, and they were back talking with those already saying this is really interesting if the vision you guys have laid out, if you can deliver on this. We're interested in taking a look at engaging with you, which to me again with a very pleasant surprise to see an agency less than a couple years out of a major RFP process, putting their hand up and saying that interested. So - yeah, it's going to be a lot of fun in 2019, as we start to roll this out know into the marketplace. We feel pretty excited.
Jonathan Ho: Perfect. Just one is also follow up on Fleet 2, just wanted to get a sense from you guys in terms of how that look in terms of the initial reception win rates, it's pretty early, but just wanted to get some perspective in terms of how we're doing on that as well?
Luke Larson: Yeah. Fleet 2 has been really well received by the market, we've had several customers comment on just - the ease of use with the cloud connected features, which really differentiates us from these kind of large incumbent burdensome hardware centric options. We've had a really strong performance there, I would expect Fleet to continue to grow as a percentage of our Software and Sensors business and we're taking share from the incumbents and we feel really good about its momentum.
Jonathan Ho: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Strouse from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mark Strouse: Yeah. Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking our questions. So if we can just talk about the shape, I guess, of the revenue curve for the weapons business. If I remember right, you guys had talked about that being kind of a long-term low-double-digit grower. This year-to-date you're tracking around 10% or so. If I'm reading your comments though correctly, I mean, it sounds like there could be some acceleration in that over the next certain period 12, 18, 24 months, not looking for a specific 2019 guidance. But just kind of generically are you expecting that to accelerate near-term?
Rick Smith: Yeah. It's a fair assumption, Mark, I think you probably feel the enthusiasm in our voices about TASER 7 and about the new OSP are positively they have been received. So at this point in time, we have no updates to the guidance. So I still say that your assumption low-double-digit growth is a good one? And I would just say that's very conservative.
Mark Strouse: Okay. And…
Rick Smith: Over the contract - I'd just say over the contracts like TASER 7 significantly increases revenue per user, because we're increasing with new software services with the dock, with the end-user certification plan. So not only do we think it obviously could open up new markets with this new capabilities, it can accelerate our ability to go back and installed base, and also significantly raise this revenue per user.
Mark Strouse: Right. That's great. And then - it's only been a month or so since the seven was announced. But - can you just talk about what you're hearing from recent buyers of the X2 or the X26. And do you think that I believe there is a trade in credit for those customers. And if so just going to talk about it, if you think that's at the appropriate level in terms of drive of those customers.
Josh Isner: Hey, Mark. This is Josh Isner. So we have not had any cause for concern in that regard. We feel that our customers are excited about the trading program and our customers always know that we will never let them fail in any way. So we've - this has been kind of a nonevent for those customers and we're doing right by all our entire installed base of weapons.
Andrea James: So that was Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner.
Mark Strouse: Great. All right. Thanks, Josh. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open.
Ryan Sigdahl: Hi, guys. This is Ryan Sigdahl on for Steve Dyer. Within bookings, S&S bookings, can you break out either the dollar value or the percentage representing 10-year contracts?
Rick Smith: It's a very small portion. We've signed a few recently, and so we've seen an increase in 10-year deal. But overall, it's still relatively immaterial.
Ryan Sigdahl: And then maybe just a follow-up on that. Is that primarily at the customer's request, or you guys, I mean, five years has been the standard for a while. And are you guys now actively trying to move these 10-year deals or was it very specific instances with these customers?
Rick Smith: There are customer requests and for us to enter into those deals. We've got to be satisfied with the long-term economics of those. So they're very rare and mainly driven by customer requests.
Ryan Sigdahl: Thanks. And then one more for me, sorry to beat a dead horse here, but with the VIEVU customer that you're talking about. Is this a full transition for that department by February or will they still have some of the LE4s and service and this is just a transition for all the incremental units? Thanks.
Luke Larson: Yeah, so they have multiple 1000 units already deployed, and we're going to keep those in the field for the remaining units that were yet to be deployed we're going to transition those two Axon Body 2, and then we would see kind of on their next upgrade cycle those would all on the entire deployment would move over to Axon Body 3.
Ryan Sigdahl: And then, maybe, I guess, just one follow up on that. Then I'll turn it over. So how difficult will it be them from a back end user standpoint from Evidence.com, to use LE4s with some officers and then some officers using to the Axon body.
Luke Larson: Yeah, we're going to make it a success and seamless transition for the customers, who are really kind of partnering on - with them on what's the right way to handle that. And we're very confident they're going to see the benefits of that Axon network, and we're actually delighted that we're going to get the opportunity to rollout that with a AB2 sooner than expected.
Ryan Sigdahl: Thanks, guys. I hop back in the queue. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Saliq Khan from Imperial Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello, this is [Reid Matilski] [ph] on behalf of Saliq Khan. We're wondering with the improvements of TASER 7. How does this rollout coincide with the sunset of the law enforcement agencies existing conductive electrical weapons?
Rick Smith: Well, so there's so many agencies who bought the X2 or the X26P, when those where first launched in 2011 and 2012 timeframe. But there's just a ton of upgrade opportunity there. And so having a new weapon. And then frankly, even out agencies that were still using the older X26P, where for whatever reason they had not made it a priority to upgrade those into the current generation of the smart weapons. I believe, based on seeing customer reactions that all of those people are now an opportunity to take TASER 7, it really have the customer sweet spot, while I think it's going to be pretty compelling across the board with a lot of customers that have TASERS that are more than 5 years old. That are really primed for a new device.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. And with your service platform push, our TASER weapons are beginning to replace guns and has the total ownership cost for TASER weapon actually cheaper than a gun?
Rick Smith: Yes. I would say that total ownership is cheaper in two respects. One, with firearms there's a lot of training that's required, training these cops are coming off the streets, and it's really expensive infrastructure. And two, when you shoot somebody, it's really expensive, not just in dollar terms, but in terms of litigation, in terms of officer, post incident a lot of officers end up leaving the profession. So TASER save money and they save lives. Now we're not at a point yet even with TASER 7, it's not yet replacement for a firearm, we're still, I'd say, about a decade away from where it started to think of non-lethal weapons as being a legitimate substitute. But we make a big step in that direction. This is one of the reasons that I think the subscription plan is a really compelling to our customers is, hey, we've got a roadmap to where over the next decade, we're going to outperform even your lethal weapons. And when you go on one of our subscription plans, it basically put them on a program into the future with us, where they know that they're going to get those upgrades as they come available. I've got a number of chiefs tell me that, that's one of the reasons they go with us, is they just they trust us as a technology partner across the whole platform software, sensors and weapons to sort of help them transform their agencies on a continuous basis, where we're rolling out new software, new hardware et cetera. So we're not quite there yet to make simple it obsolete, but we're making progress.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And just one last one given the body cams AI capabilities, would you consider partnering with gunshot detection companies to improve detection location of the gunfire?
Rick Smith: Sure. I mean, we're open to - we generally purchase from the perspective that we need to be open to - an open platform to collaborate with the entire ecosystem of technology providers, so that our customers they've got a difficult job to do with them worrying about bunch of solid information systems. It's just not where we want them to be. So we're certainly, we've become I think the preeminent cloud software network. And we have open APIs and we work collaboratively with our customers and other tech providers.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. And thanks for fielding our questions.
Rick Smith: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of George Godfrey from CLK. Your line is open.
George Godfrey: Good evening. Thank you for taking my question. Do you have the TASER weapon operating margin for the quarter there?
Rick Smith: Hold on a second. We will…
George Godfrey: And then my follow-on question to that, do you expect the TASER 7 given the higher price point to be margin positive have a come at a higher margin, I believe, 40% was kind of the target range couple of years ago. It seems like, it's down around 30% now. Just curious will that have a lifting effect.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, we are expecting TASER to lift the margins overall. The gross margins for the quarter for just under 70%. The operating margin is in the shareholder letter. One thing I say is operating margin is not only meaning for the way that we think about margins. With the cross margins for weapons. And software and sensors separately and look at software and hardware at the gross margin level, but below that if it gets a little bit as good a living scramble because we make investments in SG&A across both segments some of the allocations are disproportionately getting TASER and they are software and sensors. We look at R&D by product line, we go into a lot of depth on that SG&A, we budgeted outside that process and also we want to control SG&A. And we've demonstrated that over the course of the year we driven a lot of leverage on SG&A costs, it's lower now as a percentage of revenue that was a year ago, it's part of the reason that we've been able to drive our overall margins up across the business. So for that reason, I'd say, it's not all that meaningful to look at operating margins by segment. But it is in the shareholder letter.
George Godfrey: Okay. That's - Jawad, thank you for that that's a nice segue, because that's exactly where I wanted to go is, if I look at the R&D margin 2 years ago it's 10%, a year ago 16%, and now it's 21. And I heard everything you said about being scrappy. But it's more than doubled in two years. And if I look at the SG&A and I realize their stock comp, and amortization, intangibles, and other things in there, but it's only gone from 39 to 38. So it seems like the R&D spend is far outpacing any improvement in SG&A. And so my question is as we go forward from a 21% level what exactly does scrappy mean when it applies to R&D. Thank you for taking my question.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, great question. So scrappy does not apply to R&D, we're pretty open about that within the company. I'm a big proponent of investing more in R&D. We've targeted around the 20% range. And so, we have some very exciting market opportunities. This is part of what we laid out at our last Investor Day at IACP. There are huge market opportunities ahead of us and we've got to invest to go capture those. And so, we're not going to take our foot off the pedal with those R&D investments. What we are going to do is drive discipline across the business. SG&A, so that it's coming down. You should expect to see us drive further leverage there. But what I'd point to is that, overall enterprise our margins are ticking upwards and will continue to tick upwards over the next few years.
Rick Smith: Yeah, I mean, at this point, we've got this incredible asset. And that we've connected two-thirds roughly of the major cities now to the Axon network. And now to take that and begin to scale out with records and dispatch, and all the AI capabilities and analytics we can run on top of that network. All of which gives us the opportunity to build and create additional value streams. So we're all about being scrappy in terms of efficiency and making sure that we're being careful how we spend the money. But we also don't want to throttle our ability to grow well into the future by cutting back on our investments in R&D, Given that we have this really unique competitive advantage, in that we can launch new services right within the same framework that our customers are already using. And we think it would be unwise for us to over focus on short-term profitability and leave those opportunities un-harvested.
George Godfrey: Understood, thank you for taking - if I can just slip one more in here, the adjusted EBITDA margin for the year is 14% to 16% percent is the range. And for the first 9 months, you're at 16.5%, so there's a lot of room in Q4. Can you just qualitatively or in some measure, quantify how difficult is it going to be to transition 2000 plus body cameras by February for the large VIEVU customer, because it seems like there is enough wiggle room here that you could absorb a very expensive project. I'm just trying to get an idea of how expensive or complex that task is. Thanks.
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, so this issue - their development center is still unfolding. It's going to depend on exactly which cameras are deployed, how many of each are deployed, how much development work is required if any, what the RMA pool will look like [Technical Difficulty]. And so for that reason it's we're unable to determine at this point what the costs are going to be to transition that customer. And so we wanted to reserve, we wanted to maintain some conservatism there as far as our Q4 estimates.
George Godfrey: Thank you, Jawad. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Operating margin in weapons was 27% by the way. It was in the release. So there's that figure. But I'm curious about the excitement you guys are seeing around the new weapon. I was at IACP also. And certainly there was a lot of excitement around the booth and everything. And that's always the case for you guys. You put on a good show down there as usual. But there is a significant price point. And I think, if I'm not mistaken, the first new deployments that you saw were agencies that just took the weapon and didn't take the whole pricing plans. So I was wondering what the reason behind that was, if there was some sensitivity around the Officer Safety Plan and the increased price there or anything. And just kind of some more concrete evidence about why you're so enthusiastic about the uptake as you're looking into 2019.
Luke Larson: So, one of the greatest assets that the company has is our TASER instructor network. And so, over the next year we're going to be rolling out an aggressive campaign to hold these events at multiple cities at a high frequency. Since IACP, I've already been to two of these events, where we have essentially a room full of police trainers. And we talk about TASER 7. And the excitement in the room is palpable in terms of they want this weapon. They want the capabilities. And that's something where it carries through to them, going back talking about officer training, and how this is really going to benefit communities. And that goes a long way when you're getting kind of stakeholders to buy in for it. So to me, that's just an incredible data point that's hard to communicate in numbers. But when you go out and you see literally hundreds of police officers excited for the device, that's giving me a lot of confidence. In terms of those first two deals, we had actually been talking about those deals before we kind of had the final pricings and stuff bundled. So we really wanted to lock in a couple key launch partners. So I wouldn't read too much into them buying on a program. We were just trying to secure them as launch partners.
Rick Smith: Yeah, exactly. And I would say as well AB3 is going to be a couple quarters behind TASER 7. So I would expect we may see more decoupled sort of TASER 7 program. So before AB3 really starts going into field trials, which is fine. That's actually in our interest to continue to accelerate and make sure that we're able to shift and deliver revenue on the TASER 7. And then, this happens fairly regularly, where as we launch new customer - new features or new products that customers will come back. And they'll do contract upgrades and rewrite. We just is - as we pointed out, with TASER 7, those customers, we're obviously showing the product for them much earlier in the process to where the new Officer Safety Plans weren't even really fully baked. And we did not want to introduce the additional uncertainty and complexity of AB3 into those projects. There's already enough uncertainty with the TASER 7 weapon. So we focus our sales team on those and getting those across the goal line.
Glenn Mattson: What's the pricing like when it's sold as a standalone, have you released that?
Rick Smith: Yeah, it's - the all-in price is typically $60 a month, $60 a month is what we call a certification plan that includes the weapons, the docks, a subscription plan for all cartridges they need for training, the online training, VR empathy training, et cetera. And then there's a $40.00 a month plan, where they just get the weapons and the docks, and then they cartridges and training à la carte. So, some of the early ones as well I think we're on the more basic plan, because we haven't fully flushed out the whole certification plan. So, again, a lot of this was, we are in with these customers while the product was still sort of getting finalized in terms of the go-to-market proposition. But you basically spec between $40 and $60 a month.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. So that's like $500 and a 5 year lifespan usually, right, so that's $2,500 basically is one way to think about it. Is there going to be an increase from the $1,200ish or so that the prior weapon would sell at? And you get the…
Rick Smith: Yes, yeah. A good portion of that does go into - yeah.
Luke Larson: We will have an Evidence.com license. It'll be like $7 a month and then there is some allocated to the cartridges. But the overall economics are…
Rick Smith: And just that's in the numbers we gave you, Luke was just saying. Some of that revenue - that revenue doesn't all come in upfront. A good portion of that is service revenue over the life of the weapon, the warranty, and cartridges, and training services.
Glenn Mattson: Right. Okay, all right, great. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Since there are no further questions at this time, I will now turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: All right. For those of you that came out to IACP, it was great to see you there, so you could look customers in the eye and take their temperature on our new products. For those of you that weren't, I'd encourage you to come out to the show next year. Obviously, we're really excited. I think we've now got a lot of opportunity ahead of us. It's all about execution now as we roll into 2019. But a lot of opportunity for us, we just got to deliver on it now. And our mission is stronger than ever and opportunity in front of us is better than ever. And thank you to you shareholders, who've been with us for - some of you for more than a decade. And we'll be back to see you guys with our end of year results. And I look forward to talking to you then.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Andrea James - Vice President, IR Rick Smith - Founder and CEO Jawad Ahsan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley Scott Berg - Needham Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Will Power - Baird Jeremy Hamblin - Dorothy & Company George Godfrey - CL King Saliq Khan - Imperial Capital
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2018 Axon Enterprise, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host, Luke Larson, President of Axon. Please go ahead, sir.
Luke Larson: Thank you. Good afternoon to everyone. I'm Luke Larson, the President of Axon. Welcome to Axon's second quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me today are CEO and Founder, Rick Smith; and CFO, Jawad Ahsan. Before we get started, Andrea James, our V.P. of Investor Relations, will read the safe harbor statement.
Andrea James: Good afternoon. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. During our call, we'll be making references to our reported results, which you can find by reading our quarterly shareholder letter which is available at investor.axon.com and on the SEC website. We'll start with short prepared remarks, and then we'll take questions. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail on our annual reports on the Form 10-K and the quarterly reports on the Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings, as well as our other SEC filings at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov and searching for our filings under the AAXN ticker. Okay, now turning the call over to Axon's CEO, Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea and welcome, everyone. We’re pleased with our second quarter results and feel great about the way our team is blocking and tackling as we execute against the goals we outline. One of the big accomplishments in the quarter was our follow on offering which we consider a re-IPO. The offering was highly beneficial on a couple of key fronts. First it provided us with significant resources to be able to accelerate our shift across the entire business towards subscription. And we begun executing on the internal functions now to support that, so we can move the TASER business even more aggressively to subscription. We’ll note that subscription is a percentage of orders did drop in Q2 which was hardly the result of mix. We had some international and distributing orders that skewed the percentage, but also with the result the fact that we were not yet pulling every lever to drive subscription sales partly because of resourcing. We now have the flexibility to accelerate our plans. So please stay tuned for some exciting times as we transition the business model more aggressively. As I mentioned earlier, we view Axon is having re-IPO it’s a software and technology company rather than as a weapon hardware manufacturer. It makes sense for us to reintroduce ourselves to the capital markets in a way that more accurately reflects what Axon is rather than what TASER was. The TASER weapon obviously remains a huge and important part of our business. But even the weapon itself we believe has the ability to benefit from the strong network effects that we built into our software platform. There are so many opportunities for us to make the TASER systems more connected and more integrated into the larger Axon network. It’s not easy to transition from a hardware company to a SaaS software plus hardware solutions company. And we’re incredibly excited to be making this happen. And as CEO, I just want to thank our shareholders for responding well and thanks to all of you who have been so supportive of this transition over the years and have allocated the capital that will allow us to continue to execute and return value back to you. Moving now to some of our new initiatives. We’re now entering the testing and refining phase of Axon records which is a pretty exciting place to be. An early version of the product is in field testing with customers. I also want to highlight the new partnerships with DJI and Milestone. This is interesting to note because it shows they were really extending the network beyond the hardware that we manufactured and having robust partners and third-parties that can begin to come to life on the Axon network. We now have 30 petabyte of data, the sheer amount of data that we're hosting in our secured cloud is continuing to grow and customers are continuing to find great value and the goods and the services that we are selling. We also held our annual user conference Axon Accelerate in June and we were overwhelmed by the positive response from the industry. We've had over 1300 police security, legal and technology professionals in attendance which included both members of the Axon network and non-customers putting Axon and our Accelerate conference at the center of our leadership in public safety. And with that I will now hand off to Luke to go deeper into our operations.
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. At Axon we want every police officer in the world to carry a TASER, wear an Axon camera and every public safety official have a seat on the Axon network. Every day we're executing against that mission. Everything we do comes back to our mission making the board obsolete and enabling truth and fairness in our justice system. I want to start off by talking about our VIEVU integration which is an important area of execution for us. As you know we acquired VIEVU in May which was a key body camera competitor because we're building customer synergies across the Axon network the addition of several new law-enforcement agency customers both enhances the value through our existing customers as well as the ones who are joining because they can more easily share data with each other across the public safety and justice system information chain. Those customers can take advantage of our skill and they are pleased to be working with Axon. We also continue to be very impressed with the VIEVU team that joined us in Seattle. We inherited a group of solid people and expanded our capabilities so we feel like we acquired more than just customers and products we added a team that makes us better and stronger. Also I want to mention one more item related to VIEVU. In June we received a letter from the Federal Trade Commission notifying us that they're looking into the acquisition to ensure that the marketplace remain competitive. We view this as a routine matter and you'll see some language around it in our upcoming 10-Q filing later this week. We’ll keep you posted on any developments but we are cooperating fully with the SEC and are confident that the acquisition was a benefit to customers and that the FTC will recognize this. We are highly focused on customer satisfaction and our customers continue validate our approach. You see that in our financial performance and also in new customer sign ups. In July Honolulu became the 45th major city customer to join the Axon network. And at end of June we now have over 300,000 booked seats on the Axon network. That represents a more than 10-fold increase in user account since the first half of 2015. We have 10X our evidence.com subscriptions in about three years. And with the total addressable market of more than 2 million users there is still great run way ahead of us. Now I’ll turn the call over to our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Great, thanks Luke. Our Q2 results reflected another quarter of solid execution and strong operating performance. There are few things I want to touch upon and then we’ll leave plenty time for questions. As Rick said the follow-on offering was success and puts us in a strong financial position for our next stage of growth. We want to transition the majority of our cash flow to subscription pricing models. The cash flow from selling TASER weapons funded two prong growth in investment strategy. First it allows to invest in products that address our existing market such as body and in car cameras and evidence management. Second it allows to invest in products that will expand our market reach such as records dispatch and drones. These investments will come in the form of people, programs, systems and potentially acquisitions. We now have a balance sheet that gives us the financial strength and flexibility to execute aggressively on this strategy. Second you heard from Luke about progress with the VIEVU integration. From a cost perspective as we expected the majority of integration costs hit in the second quarter and we expect about 100 basis points of adjusted EBITDA margin impact to the full-year. As we said last quarter our strict expense controls are allowing us to absorb the gross margin pressure on some of the VIEVU contracts while maintaining our earnings guidance for 2018. As you can see the leverage in our business model continues to be evident in Q2 revenue grew 25% and adjusted net income more than double. We feel great about the leverage we've been demonstrating in the first half. Looking at the back half of the year you can expect to see us invest more heavily in some of our key growth areas including adding engineers to Axon records and dispatch while continuing to generate strong earnings growth and that's reflected in the guidance we’re providing today. You’ll notice that we’re guiding to a full-year adjusted EBITDA margins of 14% to 16%. To be clear this represents the same level of expense control that we talked about in prior quarters. But given the unpredictable stock compensation adjustments related to Rick’s new compensation plan and the one-time acquisition costs related to VIEVU removing over to an existing metric that’s its cleaner and works better for period over period comparison. Thank you all for dialing in today and with that I'll turn it back to Andrea.
Andrea James: Thanks Jawad. Before we go to questions, I have one house keeping item for you guys. And instead of being scrappy, next quarter we're going to ask the majority of listeners to please listen to via webcast, and we'll save the conference call line for those of you who wish to ask questions. Okay, Dylan, let's go to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Your question please.
Steve Dyer: Just couple of quick ones from me, on the software and services side of the business, you'd indicated ARPU down quarter-over-quarter, that's - you attributed some of that to VIEVU. Couple of questions, one, was it up year-over-year? And secondly, would it been up quarter-over-quarter organically?
Rick Smith: Yes, organically it is up.
Steve Dyer: Quarter-over-quarter as well as year-over-year?
Rick Smith: And then quarter-over-quarter it's also up, yes.
Steve Dyer: And then obviously appreciate the guidance for the second half of the year, any more - you can add just in terms of how we should think about the cadence? Typically, Q4 has been materially better than Q3, would you anticipate sort of a similar pattern this year?
Rick Smith: Yes, I think that's typically how we see things go from a seasonality perspective, Steve, so I'd expect roughly the same.
Steve Dyer: And then lastly, can you just remind me what you said at the Analyst Day just in terms of margin or leverage margin expansion beyond this year? It sound like you're kind of reiterating this year but can you just remind us how you had us think about the next several years?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, the guidance that we gave, Steve, at the Analyst Day was that we were going to drive 300 to 400 basis points of operating margin improvement every year for the next three years. And so we're now changing that to adjusted EBITDA because of the stock based compensation expense and some of the volatility there, which Rick explained. But the point is that we're still committing to drive in operating leverage within the business over the next two years. We're not backing up that.
Steve Dyer: So, still 300 to 400 basis points, just a slightly different metric?
Jawad Ahsan: That's correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yuuji Anderson from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Yuuji Anderson: I had a couple on the TASER side of the business there. First, can you help us unpack the growth between domestic and internationals just relative to the corporate average and then somewhat related, can you describe what percentage of the current TASER installed base is on some kind of a subscription or payment plan? Thanks so much.
Rick Smith: Yes, this is Rick. I think the split was relatively typical this past quarter between international and domestic, and then in terms of the total base, it's on a subscription plan. I don' think we published the numbers on what the percentage of the total base is. Some of which is because we've historically sold more through distributors than direct. We've been transitioning to more direct over time. It's a little hard to come up with what the - what we use as the entire denominator of how many of those previous weapons sold many years ago, we're still in the field, but we obviously in the published letter to shareholders we gave the rates for the last four-five quarters.
Yuuji Anderson: And just a follow up on the TASER growth, I mean, I guess I was just trying to get sense of just how much international is growing relative to domestic rather than the actual split?
Jawad Ahsan: Historically we've seen international be about 20% of our overall business, there's a little fluctuation quarter-to-quarter but that trend has held over the last 18 months or so.
Rick Smith: I think we do expect and I think we started to see international has been accelerating little faster than the U.S. and we think that trend over the next couple of years, there's a lot of opportunity for international to actually take up a greater percentage of revenue.
Luke Larson: Just to add on that, as we look to the future, our goal would be to see international grow as a relative percentage of our overall revenue, and we feel pretty good, confident about that over the next two to three years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Berg from Needham. Your question please.
Scott Berg : I have a few here, first one, and I don't know who wants to take this, but I want to see how we should think about organic versus inorganic growth in the quarter with the acquisition of VIEVU. Just specifically, looking at the Axon cloud, I know there were some revenues that came over, just trying to understand how much that revenue growth came from one versus the other? And then maybe looking at that seat count addition, obviously that was a pretty large increase in the quarter, kind of maybe help us understand how much that is organic versus inorganic?
Rick Smith: So, I'll take the headcount and then Jawad, you want to take revenue?
Jawad Ahsan: Sure.
Rick Smith: So, from the seat counts, we had a mix of both organic user growth and then the seats out from VIEVU, as well as we platform some which were originally booked this on-premise. But we're then migrated into the cloud. So, new book seats were up sequentially organically, but we're not going to break it out to any greater level of detail.
Jawad Ahsan: On the first part of your question Scott, on the organic versus inorganic, so on revenue VIEVU only contributed about less than 3% to our revenue growth. And from a margin standpoint it was actually - it's at a loss, so, it contributed to a loss organically, there's not much of that. Organically we have most of the growth coming from the business, from the core business and then it didn't really contribute much to that.
Scott Berg: And then kind of a bigger level picture, probably for Rick, since you made the comments on the call is - is the transition to the subscription base plan on the TASER product, does that become more of a push or a pull do think over the next, I don't know, two, three, four, years, whatever that time horizon looks like, and I asked the question because obviously the percentage of sales coming from the subscription has been a little scrappy, they're down this quarter, not a surprise I expect that to vary at least for the short term. I'm just trying to understand maybe what those levers, pushes or pulls look like going on a short term? Thank you.
Rick Smith: I would say it's - probably you expected it's a mix, we think that there are things that we can do that will make these subscription offerings more compelling in terms of features and services that will help create more pull. So, we think that we can really influence that in a positive way. So, I guess you could say that as push, but ultimately if we can create these interconnections that are even more valuable, it's going to just really simulate demand. If there's anything you need some more details, then like I said, stay tuned, we do have some - we think there's some pretty exciting new programs that we'll be in a position to launch now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Strouse from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Mark Strouse: Just wanted to get some more color on Axon Dispatch? Can you just kind of talk about what the - I know it's early but kind of what their view is and how that is different versus [indiscernible] that are out there. And then how we should think about timing of commercial availability and then also, I guess, is that investment for that new segment, is that contemplated in the long term targets that were given at the Analyst Day as far as margins?
Rick Smith: In terms of -- you can think of Dispatch as sort of the more real-time communications where it's record tends to be more proposed incidents, historical data that's collected in reports that have been put through the business processes all the way to prosecution chain, where Dispatch is the process of handling inbound calls, managing your resources, communicating to office, giving them information about the calls that are going on. We see a real opportunity that these systems really want to be integrated tightly, the most pure record that you have is the - the video incident itself, just videos tend to have lot of unstructured data in them. So, the records of a structured data and of course we're working on tools to extract structured data from the unstructured data and of course bring that into a more real-time environment, make that information more actionable with the individual officers. So they're making decisions and they're getting smarter as they're going in to these situations. We've seen -- I mean the fact that you can see call computer aided dispatch, we note a little bit more. What other type of dispatch would we expect in the world today. These are pretty dated systems, we tend to see some really pretty old software that's just been sorted so heavily integrated into a bunch of other things that sort of ossified into a really challenging user experience. And we see the opportunity to leverage the network we build from digital evidence into records and bringing it all real time with Dispatch. So, we see all these pieces coming together in a very progressive way, and yes all that Jawad confirmed, but we do have -- it doesn't change any of our guidance we've given. 
Mark Strouse: And then -- again, I apologize if I missed this, but any update on the weapons testing in some of those larger European countries that you talked about last quarter or two?
Rick Smith: Yeah, so those are both progressing, we are not quite at the deal stage yet but we're seeing positive momentum in the U.K. as well as Italy that are two key markets that we're focused on. In the U.K. the chief firearms instructor Simon Chesterman, they comment when I was there in March saying he thought every constable should carry a TASER, and then in Italy the trials that they started are in progress. I'm actually meeting with the rep from Italy next week, so looking forward to that update, very, very confident in expansion in continental Europe with TASER.
Jawad Ahsan: We have also seen some pickup of activity and interest in Latin America.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Power from Baird. Please go ahead.
Q – Will Power : I guess a couple of questions. I recognize it's early, but it will be great to get any early qualitative feedback with respect to the records deployment. I know, it's just one trial today, but any early learning's there and then just any color kind of qualitatively around the pipeline of opportunities, increasing inbound interest, just any further color on that initiative would be great?
Rick Smith: I think it's just too early for us to be providing any real feedback, I would think at this point. The first users who are interfacing with this software, and we've got engineers riding along with them and learning a ton and I think we're really learning, we're hitting the mark generally and of course there is things that we're tweaking and adjusting and trying to be very agile sort of development loop there. So we're feeding those learning's back in quickly. Pipeline, we are getting a lot of interest. I think customers really see the vision that -- the more they interact with Alexa, or their Siri, or their Google Home device, they're seeing that voice to text is not science fiction but that really – we will have the ability to bring this to life in a way that's going to meaningfully impact the way that records are created. I can't give you any real quantitative feedback in terms of pipeline. We are not at a stage where we can show that publically. We do have the International Certification of Chief to Police conference, coming up in early October. That's typically a place where -- if you're interested in seeing customer reactions et cetera, it's a great place to go off the show, get a feel for the competitive landscape and I believe, Andrea, that we'll be hosting an event for investors in Orlando at ITP this year as well.
Q – Will Power : And may be a similar answer to the second question here, but coming out of accelerate looking at some of the new products you announced there, Fleet 2, Axon Air, any sense, any update for -- since for timing for revenue I assume those are both more 2019. And I guess, there's also been some early feedback on those products?
Rick Smith: Fleet 2, we'll have revenue, we expect same impact certainly by the end of this year. Axon Air is relatively new product for our customers. We don't think it's going to be material this year, but we view that as really creating the framework for another very interesting business over the next three to five years. And Fleet 2 was really you know a lot entered feedback from Fleet 1 as we mentioned in the letter we believe that Fleet 1 is become the top selling in carrying video system within its first year of shipment which is pretty remarkable and Fleet 2 really enhances the major points of feedback that we got on Fleet 1. So we do expect that Fleet 2 should have an accelerating impact on ability to continue making impact in the space.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin from Dorothy & Company. Please go ahead.
Jeremy Hamblin: Congratulations on the strong results I also wanted to ask a follow-up question on Axon Air just in terms of the partnership you have with DJI there. Can you talk a little about how you know managing that business it sounds like it's going to be a little bit more of an outsourced model with you really leveraging your selling network. But can you talk to one the kind of the TAM that you expect for that particular product. And then two in terms of thinking about margins and kind of the cost ramp because your partnering with them, do you expect that to be profitable more quickly than maybe some of the other products?
Rick Smith: Yes so I will take this one as well so yeah we do have a great partnership with DJI. So we will be reselling their hardware and that will and to be much lower margin than when we were reselling or selling our own hardware. But we do see significant opportunity in value added premium software services. So we are building out the team to really sort of build out a long-term drone roadmap in the software space but this isn’t like a one or two quarter sort of hoping. This is where we’re laying the foundation, your drones is creating new type of metadata related to managing fleet of drones relating to flight data that might be incremental product control giving in place giving some of the privacy concerns people have about how drones are used et cetera. So I think this is it certainly much deeper than us just spying drone stock in the warehouse and having our sales people right orders. We see with our subscription software services we’ll go with those drone leveraging our training network to provide training to drone pilots in the field. I don’t want to speak on behalf DJI but in our discussions I would say share price down is quite near of interest given our training infrastructure for training comps, how to use laser weapons. So we will be able to use that so similar resources and infrastructure to train pilots on drones was pretty important and making this the fact partnership for them. I think it’s over premature for us to setting a password we think it’s going to be profitable, but the good news we’re not going to be incurring a lot of hardware revolving costs. There will be some software revolving cost but I do think overall that this is not going to be one of those heavy lifts huge investments over years before we’re seeing a return that this one it’s a much more sort likely path to profitability.
Jeremy Hamblin: And then I just wanted to ask a question on the weapon segment you have some really nice I think 110 basis points of gross margin improvement year-on-year but if the operating margins were down about 520 basis points. Can you just give me a little color in terms of that change in profitability was this just allocation of costs as you are selling more kind of package deals or can you just give me color on that?
Rick Smith: Jawad?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes just broadly speaking Jeremy we had an increase in OpEx and these are to invest we’re continuing to make in the business. So we had some OpEx that hit the TASER segment. We also had some also distributors that are typically at lower pricing. And we talk about before the way that we allocate our cost and we tend to have more of an allocation to the TASER segment. So when we have an increase in OpEx across the business it tends to hit TASER more broadly.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Weidemoyer from William Blair & Company. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is for [Jonathan Ho] we are having some technology challenges for NATO so thanks for letting me ask the question. So again on the drone first of all can you hear me okay. Okay sorry the relatives to the drones – how big is the drone opportunity relative the fleet of body camera market?
Rick Smith: Yes it’s a little hard to say right now just the future is hard to predict I mean you could imagine world where every police carrying has a drone associated with it or if we go further down field you could imagine maybe even drones that are being replaced that might be greater than the number of petrol cars. So yes, I think it’s sort of anyone guesses as you have significant with drone market will be long-term but we do see that there is a real advantages to being able to have over side over the top of the scene both visually and to be able to use in this communication hubs be able to jump wireless communications. What interesting things that we could be done with drones. But it just can be really hard to predict how that market is going to evolve let me based on your customer feedback.
Luke Larson: Yes, I would add one point on Axon Air this is one where we definitely see the market is pulling this technology and they are coming to us saying hey, help us understand how do we package in such a way that we can have a simple easy-to-use workflow. And that where we see the real benefit of the Axon cloud and the network that we've developed.
Unidentified Analyst: Another question now that you’ve had the officer safety plan and subscriptions for your weapons. Have you seen any sort of change in buying behavior by police department where they might be upgrading stepping up their upgrade to take advantage of it or do you think it's more gated by budgeting in the RFP process?
Luke Larson: So compared to a few years before RFP I would say we definitely seeing an increase in the percentage of weapons that are being brought on subscription. We started first doing variants of municipal leases while I mean six or seven years ago with very low attach rates and I think over time as agencies have begun to get used to subscription on the SaaS side of the business with [indiscernible] we’re actually I think first came to us with the idea of bundling together TASER weapons with cameras and software into one easy to budget for subscription price. And we see the generally up trending again there is some noise quarter-to-quarter. And I think we have seen that, that has increased the velocity of sales namely agencies that previously may have wanted to buy a 100 weapons a year over five years so that they could fit it in their budget we’ve got 500 weapons now and paid for them over five years. And the great news there that sudden just bring out one set of orders forward but now only to get to year six all the weapons are five year hold. And they have already got the budget line item in place so it’s far higher likelihood that they them replace all those weapon in the beginning of year six and now we get two or three sales cycles within a 10 year period well us historically. If they done the space rollout the problem you get into is in your six like a good portion their weapons are still pretty new and mostly these don't have mixed fleet they don’t have halfx 26 and halfx 2s. So what we saw in that historical buying pattern is once they finish the multiyear rollout then you got sort wait until the last batch of weapons who sort of coming out with useful life. So you went to that first upgrade probably for nine or 10 years as opposed to right at the end of the buy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Lattimore from Northland. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Bailey on for Mike Lattimore congrats on a great question. I know you guys said that your international segment growing faster than the U.S. do you see that this might change your EBITDA margins and your basis points that you’ll guide for the next few years?
Rick Smith: So just to clarify that we’ve historically seen international come in at about 20% of revenue. We see our international pipeline is growing faster relative to a percentage. And so we’re optimistic about future international expansion we’re also growing our overall revenue and domestic business very well. So on this needs work that’s ahead us to realize those sales.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s it sorry guys as a follow-up do you see that changing the margins at all, can you use – give a little bit more color about how we should think about that?
Jawad Ahsan: So, weapons margins are relatively the same across international and domestic. And some of the earlier international markets we’re seeing more of a pull for just a body worn camera a [morocco] was one of our big deals, but they don't have the infrastructure for Axon cloud today. And so they started with a body worn cameras deployment only. And so there's some deal mix on margins in that segment.
Rick Smith: So, we do see international across the board tends to start little lower on margins but we're seeing international margins overall are increasing steadily.
Q – Unidentified Analyst: And then just as a follow up question, do you expect body and fleet cameras sales to be the main SaaS revenue driver? I assume that records for to be the main one thereafter, but how should we think about that?
A – Rick Smith: Yes, I think the - go ahead Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, sorry in the near term we've got a lot of momentum in our evidence.com enabled services like body camera, fleet. And so over the near term that's going to be the main driver, but as records and dispatch come online, we think that ultimately that's going to be the majority of the growth of the business from a cloud perspective.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from George Godfrey from CL King. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Just a couple here, the seat count added this quarter roughly 80,000, if we look at the organic adds and the reclassification of Axon let's say 35,000 its 45,000 of reasonable seat count for VIEVU?
A – Rick Smith: Yeah, we're not going to go into – sorry for strategic reasons we don't want to go into like explain those numbers up in any finer detail.
Q – George Godfrey: Okay, shifting over to the TASER weapon base. What is the installed base for the TASER weapon right now in the U.S.?
Rick Smith: Jawad, I'll kick that in VIEVU we are using for the estimate on the installed base on TASER weapon.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, we believe that to be about 450,000.
Q – George Godfrey: 450,000 about a 10% increase I want to say from roughly two and half years ago?
A – Rick Smith: That's a fair assumption.
Q – George Godfrey: The camera count of 300,000 we ended this quarter, what milestone and metric are you waiting for before you start segmenting that domestic versus international?
A – Rick Smith: I don't know the reason – I know we set a firm metric for when we started segmenting those out.
Q – George Godfrey: Well, that's my question, what are we waiting for?
A – Rick Smith: Go ahead Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: At this point as Rick mentioned earlier, we're still establishing our presence in the international markets, and there are some early beachhead accounts that we're trying to win but that we've won. And there is some pricing that's not really indicative of what this business is going to look like long-term. And so, at some point it will make sense when that business is more matured, to split it out but at this point it doesn't really add a lot of value.
Q – George Godfrey: And then my last question, is it relates to the artificial intelligence and machine learning that call over in your press release, thinking about the facial recognition software. Two questions, one is, if you invent facial recognition technology into the existing camera base, do you think that's a [PTU] charge extra for or is that an ongoing upgrade to the existing subscription? And then I have one follow on to that.
A – Rick Smith : So, at the point when we do launch something like facial recognition biometric, we think likely that would be a premium service, that would be something that just happened within the existing contracts. I would also give you caveat that we've done pretty careful, they were not yet – we don't have a time line to launching facial recognition, we do not have the team actively developing it this is a technology we don't believe that sitting here today the accuracy thresholds are right where they need to be making operational decision of the facial recognition, but once we see sort of daylights where it will be accuracy thresholds and once we've really got a tighter understanding of the privacy and accountability controls that we need to ensure that it'll be acceptable by the public in large, at that point we would then move into commercialization of that capability. But this is one where we think -- you don't want to be premature and end up where you have technical failures with disastrous outcomes or something where there is some unintended use case where it ends up then being unacceptable publicly and impaired for long term of the technology.
Q – George Godfrey: And then my last question, you mentioned the 30 petabytes of data, they had a legal restrictions where Police Department even if they want to share data between Seattle and Chicago they can't or under your agreement they're obligated to do so? Thank you very much.
Rick Smith r: No under our agreements the data belongs to the customer, they have to opt in specifically to any use of their data, and then certainly there are local guidelines or restrictions that may impair whether or not they're – intending – whether they can share that data across to other jurisdictions et cetera. But we do find in many cases that we now the [indiscernible] accredited AI training center where we have a staff that has been cleared to the same standards as other law enforcement agencies that are able to help create training in inference data off of the underlying data and enough to train our models and we are having agency customers that are opting in to participate in those programs. But they do have to opt in.
Operator: Our last question comes from Saliq Khan from Imperial Capital. Please go ahead.
Q – Saliq Khan: First one being is, you've done a pretty great job of introducing several new offerings over a very short period of time. Are you concerned about being spread too thin and what are you doing to be able to ensure the success of all the programs that you have recently introduced?
A – Rick Smith: So, two of our key metrics that we focus across our entire business is net promoter score and usage. And so we really want to make sure on a quarterly basis and even on kind of daily and features set that we're measuring our customers using the product that we're creating and would they give us a positive recommendation. And so we've got a very tight feedback loop for monitoring these systems daily to see are they using and would they recommend. And we've got really, really good customer feedback I would also say, Axon accelerate conference is just a great kind of testament to the customer's satisfaction with the Axon network. We actually sold Axon T-shirts and swag and our customers bought $24,000 worth of Axon swag, which was just I think an incredible testament to the affinity that they have for the Axon kind of brand and network.
Luke Larson: Yeah the other thing I would point out is, there is an incredible value to having systems that are integrated and just work well together. And one example I can give you is our – if you stack up Fleet 1, our in-car Fleet system against most of the in-car systems out there today, on a feature-by-feature basis like there's a lot more features in the incumbent systems that are out there. But where our system really shines was it played really well with body cameras. There was a lot of tight integration between them on the back end being able to do multi camera safe tab, all the information stored in one system, they can be shared with prosecutor et cetera. And that seamless integrated user experience was far more important than a list of [indiscernible] features et cetera. Now, some of those features were things were causing customer pains, which is why we had a very fast cycle times from Fleet 1 to Fleet 2. But we believe in each of these segments we’re going into the key advantage we have is if we just make it integrated well and easy to deploy with great customer service and training, that we're going to provide a much better user experience and be able to rapidly gain market share and learn from the customer on which of those incremental features we need to bake back into the product. So, we just think the network affects there are particularly compelling for the end user.
Q – Saliq Khan: And then as you continue build out the end-to-end public safety platform – are you finding you're having more success or more successful conversations either in the field, the station, or in the court room. Where are some of these lower hanging fruits for you?
Rick Smith: Such a great question, I would say we're definitely -- the conversations are getting easier and easier over time. When we first launched cameras, how long ago is it now, its eight years ago. I think there was a ton of skepticism that, wait a minute, you're a weapon company, you're going to do cameras? And cloud software, hey what is that? And how do we know that you're the people to develop it. I think having delivered on a number of successive transformational product experiences we've gained a ton of creditability with our customers, many of them tell us that evidence.com is the most reliable and enjoyable software that they use on a day-to-day basis. So I think as we extend into things like records and dispatch, we're finding a very hungry user base for better user experiences. Now, we're continuing to see -- the most program is still with law enforcement agencies themselves, but obviously we've extended now into prosecution, it's extending from there into defense attorneys and with court. So there's certainly a ton of opportunities for us to continue expand the network. We just want to make sure, we stay focused on -- the most important thing is that we have a really solid core in law enforcement as we then begin to stand up further into the broader public safety agencies.
Q – Saliq Khan: How are you being impacted by any either budgetary or political constraints?
Rick Smith: We've not seen any slow back when we sit across from customer. Certainly in the U.S. but really around the globe they are saying we got a need for your products and we've not seen budget being an issue.
Operator: Our last question comes from Brian May from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. I show no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd like to turn the call back to CEO of Axon, Mr. Rick Smith. Please go ahead with closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Thank you - so as you can see this last quarter and frankly last several years, we've really been focused on driving ARR, annual recurring revenues and bookings rev, and you can see we continue to make solid progress there. Thanks for those of you who are relatively new, who've joined us since the secondary in May. We really do believe that sets up a foundation where we've now frankly have to align our investor base with the mission of the Company, it's been a lot of work to transition from manufacturing Company into the leading cloud provider of software and connected devices, in the public safety market, and transitioning to bringing in investors who are excited about in supportive of that vision, it's really great. We believe we've got alignment across all of our stakeholders now, investors, employees, and customers. And stay tune, we're going to use those resources creatively to continue to solve big problems, to continue to accelerate our reach into our customers. And this next quarter we're going to have some really exciting events. I'd encourage you if you get a chance to come and visit us at one of those. We'd love to get to know you all a little bit more personally and stay tuned as we continue to protect life and change the world together. So thanks for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for attending today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may all disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-09 14:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Andrea James - Vice President of Investor Relations Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer and Founder Jawad Ahsan - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Saliq Khan - Imperial Capital Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Bill Baker - GARP Research George Godfrey - CL King
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q1 2018 Axon Enterprise, Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Luke Larson, President of Axon. Sir, you may begin.
Luke Larson: Thanks. Good afternoon to everyone. I'm Luke Larson, the President of Axon. Welcome to Axon's first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining today are CEO and Founder, Rick Smith; and CFO, Jawad Ahsan. Before we get started, Andrea James, our V.P. of Investor Relations, will read the safe harbor statement.
Andrea James: Good afternoon. This call is being broadcast on the internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. During our call, we'll be making references to our reported results, which you can find by reading our quarterly shareholder letter and the supplemental materials, both of which are available at investor.axon.com and on the SEC website. We'll start today with prepared remarks, and then we'll move to a live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, which is today, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail in our annual report on the Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on the Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings, as well as our other SEC filings at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov by searching for filings under the Axon ticker, AAXN. Okay, turning the call over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Andrea. Welcome, everyone. First and foremost, I want to commend our employees throughout the organization for helping us achieve outstanding first quarter performance. Our results reflect strength across the board, in our Weapons and Software & Sensors, domestically and internationally. The team has been working really hard to execute, and they deserve a lot of praise. In Q1, we delivered record revenue and solid gross margins, while continuing to execute against our cost control initiatives. This drove first quarter GAAP earnings per share of $0.24. We're incredibly excited about the opportunity in front of us and continue to position the business to deliver growth and increase shareholder value. The strategic tuck-in acquisition of VIEVU we announced last week is a great example of this. The deal adds a solid team that shares our mission of saving lives. Our new holster partner, Safariland, produces high-quality products and, most importantly, has history and credibility with the law enforcement community. Those of you who aren't in law enforcement might not notice, but Safariland is a very well-regarded holster supplier and has a lot of fans in law enforcement, and it's very exciting to work with them in developing a holster for the next generation of TASER weapons. Also, VIEVU technology is used by hundreds of police agencies and the acquisition adds 5 major U.S. cities to our customer portfolio. Internationally, the acquisition adds Mexico City and Mexico's federal police. We believe this deal is great for customers because Axon has made an outsized investment in software, which will give these customers access to new features sooner than they otherwise would have had. Also, serendipitously, VIEVU is based in Seattle and so we plan on integrating that team into our existing Seattle office. This next part is really important, especially for the employees who are listening. This acquisition does not mean we get to rest on our laurels. The public safety video and digital evidence management space remains crowded and highly competitive, and our customers have dozens of vendors to choose from. We compete with large, well-funded and highly respected companies, including Motorola, Panasonic, L3 and more. We believe we make the best solutions and we believe our solutions scale the best, but we need to keep innovating so that we can remain competitive and deliver the best solutions that our customers expect from us. We're continuing to expand Axon's footprint and gain momentum within our four primary growth engines. Bookings remain strong. Our product pipeline is robust with innovation at the forefront of everything we do, largely driven by input and feedback with our law enforcement partners. And as you saw in our shareholder letter today, we're taking up our top line guidance to reflect the strong start to the year, as well as the addition of VIEVU. I'm also proud to note that the organization has fully embraced our not-so-new mantra of "be scrappy" so you can expect to see us continue to be conservative on costs going forward. Jawad will talk more about our guidance in a few minutes, but first, I'll turn it over to Luke to update you on product, execution and the integration of VIEVU. Broadly speaking, I'm thrilled with how our teams are performing and how the business is becoming increasingly dynamic to ensure that Axon remains at the forefront of industry change and writes the future of law enforcement. Now over to Luke.
Luke Larson : Thanks, Rick. We're moving pretty fast at Axon, and it's an exciting time to be part of the company that is executing on such a large and important mission. We've come a long way since 2010, when Axon's stock was trading at just under $4 per share and we were under a lot of pressure to exit the body camera business, and instead of exiting, we doubled down on body cameras and more importantly the software ecosystem, Evidence.com. One particular moment I'd like to call out is at a company meeting about five years ago when we did a survey, and 90% of the company wanted to exit the Axon business, and Rick Smith showed a picture of General Patton from World War II with a quote that said, "The road home goes through Berlin." I call that out because this has been a big investment cycle, and I want to thank the investors that have supported Rick and Axon's vision. We are realizing the benefits of those investments today, and at the same time, we are investing for the next stage of growth. We're all working very hard to accelerate the speed at which we bring the leading public safety technology to police forces around the globe. We want to equip every officer with a body camera, a TASER and a seat on the Axon network.  You have the shareholder letter in front of you that does the heavy lifting, talking about many of the ways we are executing. I'll pull back the curtain a little bit more and then turnover the call to Jawad. Over the next few quarters, there are three execution items that are most relevant to the investment community. The first and newest is the successful integration of VIEVU into Axon. I've appointed Bryan Wheeler, a Vice President of Software Engineering, to lead that integration. Bryan is a VP up in our Seattle office. He built out our record management system and computer-aided dispatch teams, while bringing those programs to life and also made significant contributions to our Digital Evidence Management road map. Bryan now reports directly to me, and he's been doing a fantastic job leading the integration so far. Bryan brings a ton of energy, focus and technical product knowledge and a deep understanding of how our business runs today, which will be essential for making the integration a success. Our goal is to eventually convert every VIEVU customer to the Axon network, but initially, we will deliver upon VIEVU's contracts while it operates as a subsidiary within Axon. We've already notified those customers that Axon is committed to their body-worn camera programs, and the customer feedback has been positive. The second area of importance is on moving the Software & Sensors segment to profitability, which means continuing our existing momentum with body cameras and software and expanding and scaling Axon Fleet.  We've set a goal to be the market leader in in-car video. Our third area of focus is the development of our Axon Records product, which is still pre-revenue, but remains key to our long-term vision of using technology to automate boring and tedious police report-writing. We want to put officers back out on the streets, doing what they do best and getting to know their communities and keeping them safe. We’re on track for a successful launch of Axon Records in 2019. I want to end with a quick update on International. Our focus on Tier 1 markets is really paying off. Our Chief Revenue Officer, Josh Isner, has built a fantastic team that is organized with three managing directors for EMEA, APAC, and the Americas. Two of our largest video booking deals in the history of the company came in, in Q1: Kent and Essex from the U.K. and Victoria Police from Australia. I spent a week in Europe at the end of March and was very impressed with several items. First, our relationship with key leaders in the U.K. is great. And we now have incoming requests and interest from agencies to broaden their TASER deployments, as well as interest in our entire Axon product suite. At the end of March, in the U.K., Simon Chesterman, the lead for the National Police Chiefs' Council, stated every frontline officer should carry a TASER, a massive shift in thinking from the historical view where only about 10% of frontline officers in the U.K. carry TASERs today. I also visited Germany and Italy and was very impressed with our country managers in both of these markets. We have several large agencies in both Germany and Italy that have not previously been in our pipeline that are trialing our full Axon suite and TASER product line. Over two years ago, the Italian parliament legalized TASER, much to the work of Rick's international trip, but the devices were subject to further scientific testing and successful field trials. I'm proud to announce that, on March 20, the Italian Ministry of the Interior approved six large police forces in Italy to start the trials. One other highlight from the trip was we met with the Pope's private security detail that carries TASER. I thought it was pretty awesome that the Pope is protected by TASER. In summary, I'm very pleased about our progress in international, and now will turn over the call to our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. We're pleased to report another strong quarter of execution. Record revenue, strong gross margins, and good cost control enabled us to bring $0.24 to the bottom line. I'm going to first talk about the VIEVU acquisition, then I'll unpack the guidance for you. After that, I'll touch upon a few housekeeping items, and then we'll go right to Q&A. So first, the VIEVU acquisition. As you can see in our shareholder letter, we paid $7.1 million upfront in cash and stock, with contingent consideration in the form of a stock-based earn-out over the next two years. This is a great deal for Axon shareholders and most importantly for the customers, who can now access the Axon network and the software features we're investing in. This deal turns a competitor into a partner and supplier and is synergistic for both companies. We only recently closed on the deal and are still working to quantify the extent of these synergies but expect there to be significant opportunities to rationalize expenses by eliminating duplicate sales efforts and combining certain aspects of our teams, both of which are based in Seattle. I’m particularly excited that this deal gives us five U.S. major city customers at about a 20% lower customer acquisition cost than we'd normally realize organically. Many people on both sides worked hard to get this deal done, and we're very pleased with the result. Next, I'd like to unpack our guidance and how we're thinking about the full-year. We're raising our revenue guidance by 2 percentage points, which reflects both the strength of Q1 and the VIEVU acquisition. In Q1, we had very strong international weapons revenue, which we do not expect to benefit from in Q2. We expect Q2 weapons revenue to grow about 7% to 10% year-over-year. So, as you think about the timing of how revenue will flow through the P&L and you rebalance your estimates for the full-year, we expect Q2 revenue to be down sequentially from Q1. Turning to operating margin guidance. We did a great job on costs in Q1, and as Rick said, our new culture around driving leverage is here to stay. We were pleased to deliver a 13% operating margin in Q1, but we're still investing for growth and we have more investments to make this year. As you think about VIEVU's impact on operating margins, it's really in two buckets. First, some of VIEVU's larger contracts were priced at a level below what Axon would've bid, and we are going to honor those customer contracts. As a result, we'll see some gross margin pressure in the Software & Sensors segment as we deliver on those contracts. Second, we expect some nonrecurring transaction and integration expenses. What we feel great about is that, thanks to our rigorous cost control, we can absorb those contracts and still maintain our 2018 guidance for operating margin expansion. To be clear, this implies an operating margin of 6.8% to 7.8%, excluding onetime transaction costs, consistent with what we told you in February. Onetime transaction integration costs should amount to about 50 basis points of margin for the full-year, with the majority hitting in Q2. So, as we look at the balance of the year, we expect Q2 to be the low point in operating margin and build from there. This reflects an expected increase in OpEx in the second quarter, driven by focused investments we're making in our new product pipeline, VIEVU operating expenses and onetime acquisition costs. Also, because we don't want there to be any surprises, our guidance commentary excludes the impact from stock-based compensation associated with Rick Smith's new 10-year, no-salary, equity-based compensation plan. Our shareholders will vote on that plan on May 24, and the board and myself recommend they vote for that plan. We think it's a great plan for Axon and for shareholders. Rick hasn't gotten a paycheck in the past few months, and he won't get one for another 10 years. Under this plan, Rick will only get paid if we deliver outsized growth in revenue and EBITDA and corresponding shareholder returns. We expect to incur some noncash expenses associated with Rick's stock plan, and the amount will be determined by the stock price at the time of the vote. We'll make sure to give visibility around that on our next earnings call, and as a reminder, our non-GAAP earnings now exclude stock-based compensation expenses, so adjusted EPS won't be affected. To wrap up our margin commentary, even with absorbing VIEVU's contracts and operating costs, we're still on track to hit our operating margin guidance for the full-year. Next, I want to address the portion of our shareholder letter that talks about TASER Weapons growth. We've historically talked about TASER Weapons having four primary growth drivers. Those are: selling more to domestic law enforcement, expanding internationally, shortening upgrade cycles from eight to five years and offering more features and smarter weapons. We still have a long runway in law enforcement, but we're also seeing increased demand for the TASER weapon outside of law enforcement. We're getting orders from private security, campus security, U.S. federal agencies and several others. We broke that down for you in our shareholder letter. This is not a disclosure that we intend to make going forward. We don't plan to keep breaking out TASER Weapons sales by geography and customer segment, but we did want to communicate the source of our confidence in a growing TAM, which is helping to drive strength in that segment. Finally, some housekeeping items for those of you who've followed us for a while. We're updating several of our descriptors in the Software & Sensors segment. There are three minor changes. The first change is that we are now giving Software & Sensors backlog rather than future contracted revenue, so that our metrics are more closely aligned with the backlog numbers we report in our 10-Q. As of March 31, 2018, we had approximately $570 million of Software & Sensors backlog, which is a slightly different calculation than the former future contracted revenue, though the numbers were pretty similar. The backlog figure includes both recognized contract liabilities, as well as amounts that will be invoiced and recognized in future periods. The second change is that we will now be referring to annual recurring service revenue as Software & Sensors annual recurring revenue, and that includes cloud-based software, data storage and warranty, same as above.  The third change has to do with how we report our Software & Services revenue. Same as always, product roughly aligns with hardware revenue and service aligns with cloud-based software revenue. And so, starting this quarter, we've begun referring to Software & Sensors service revenue as Axon Cloud revenue, which is a better descriptor because that revenue bucket includes all the items tied to our cloud-based software platform, Evidence.com, and the professional services and data storage that support our cloud-based software offering. Mirroring that, when we talk about the product bucket, we'll be calling that Sensors and Other, because it encapsulates revenue related to our on-officer body cameras, Axon Fleet hardware, Signal Sidearm, TASER Cams, and other hardware plus warranty revenues. What this does is isolate our Axon Cloud revenue so that the investment community can track this growing and increasingly important category. And with that, operator, we'd like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Mark Strouse from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Mark Strouse: Yeah, good evening. Thanks for taking our questions and congrats on another solid quarter. So, my first question is for Jawad. I'm sorry if I missed this in the prepared remarks, but I'm just trying to kind of back into what the organic guidance is for the year. Did that change? Or is everything just because of VIEVU?
Jawad Ahsan: No. The organic guidance for the year, we're sticking to 300 basis points to 400 basis points of improvement.
Mark Strouse: Okay. But it sounded like though – right. It sounded though that it – maybe my impression was that you had a good start to the year and you got these lower-margin VIEVU contracts coming on. So, is it fair to assume that the organic operating margin might have been a bit stronger, if it hadn't been for this acquisition?
Jawad Ahsan: That's correct.
Mark Strouse: Okay, okay. And then, Rick, I know it's still early, but with VIEVU, can you share any kind of initial feedback that you've gotten from VIEVU's customers? And technically speaking, is there any kind of a change-of-control clause or anything in those contracts that could be a potential risk?
Rick Smith: Yes. So, we've reviewed the contracts. There's no legal risk from a change-of-control provision. And I would say, generally, the feedback from customers has been positive, in that some of them, their procurement ended up going to VIEVU largely for price. And so, some of the commentary I've heard back is that they're actually rather excited that they're now getting on to the Axon platform and that we're going to honor those contracts. So, we intend to make this a very positive experience for every one of those customers.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Okay. That’s it from me. I’ll hop back in queue. Congrats again.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Thanks. Good afternoon and congratulations as well. Just following up on Mark's question around organic, how the organic growth is tweaked in the guidance. On the revenue side, sort of the new revenue guidance would sort of imply that Q1 was flowed through, and maybe not a lot was added or expected for VIEVU. I just wondered if you're willing to sort of break out, ballpark, what you're sort of anticipating from VIEVU over the balance of the year versus what was already in the numbers.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so we took up our revenue guidance, as you pointed out, Steve, and we were, as Mark pointed out, on track to exceed our initial guidance. And the operating expenses in VIEVU, that business is dilutive to our Software & Sensors business. And so, what we feel comfortable is that we're going to be able to absorb that and stick to the original guidance we gave around operating margins.
Steve Dyer: Yes. I'm talking, I guess, revenue. If, very rough numbers, you'd be by about $10 million in the revenue line this quarter, and the raise on the revenue line would sort of imply about that kind of an uptick. So, just wondering if maybe the last three quarters of the year organically were a little softer given the big first quarter, or if there's just not a lot of VIEVU revenue you're assuming.
Jawad Ahsan: Well, we don't expect generally VIEVU to be all that material for the year. We did, as you mentioned, have some onetime items in Q1 from the international Weapons segment that we don't expect to recur.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. And so, I guess, along those lines, Weapons grew by 10% in the first quarter, and I think you had said 7% to 10% for the second quarter. Are you seeing sort of, I guess, a broader downtick in growth? Or is that sort of a, I guess, a sequential anomaly? I'm trying to figure out at some point, if TASER 60 has gone on long enough to where, potentially, you just see an organic slowdown a little bit.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, great question. We're still seeing our Weapons business grow lower double digits organically. What you're seeing is really the sequential anomaly.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess, lastly for me, staying with Weapons. The operating margin there ticked below 30% this quarter. Historically, that used to be sort of a mid- to high-30% operating margin business. I'm just wondering if mix has suddenly shifted there a little bit over time, or maybe what I'm missing, if there's more R&D expensed for new products or what have you.
Rick Smith: Yes, so this is Rick. I would say, I think the majority of what you're seeing there is we're seeing more and more of the TASER deals are going in as part of the Officer Safety Plan, OSP. And so, when you bundle the TASER Weapons together with cameras and software, some of it is just a little bit of just revenue allocation, but some of the discount on – like the Software & Sensors business tends to see more discounting than the TASER business, so on those bundled deals, by the time you end up with the revenue allocation, that ends up perhaps allocating some revenue away from the TASER hardware, which would obviously impact the margins.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Saliq Khan from Imperial Capital. Your line is now open.
Saliq Khan: Great. Thank you. Hi, Rick, Luke and Jawad.
Rick Smith: Good afternoon.
Saliq Khan: Guys, a couple of real quick questions on my end, the first one being is, if you take a look at the outlook, what are your thoughts on the percentage of the trial users that are becoming full-paying customers?
Rick Smith: Got you. So, let me take that one. It's a little bit hard to give exact numbers, because in many cases, people have contacted us about the trials. We're in the midst of – they might have already been procuring weapons, they may have gone into a field trial. I can tell you this, and I'm just going to look at Luke and Jawad, make sure you guys agree with this, of the major customers that moved into a trial, if they completed the trial, pretty well universally, we won the deal. I mean, we still have some of them where there's contracts – those trials are still ongoing. But we're very happy that it was strategically a very successful project, in that we saw the vast majority of procurements moving towards trials, which is what we wanted to see, right? Put the stuff in the hands of the users, not in the hands of some bureaucratic purchasing committee, and let the users evaluate what does the job for them. And I think we've moved the ball materially in that direction, and when it moves that direction, we do really well. And of those deals that have closed, a very high percentage have gone our way. And I can't think of any that went away from us.
Luke Larson: Yes. Any time we see a trial of over 100 units, we have a very high success rate. I can't think of a deal we've ever lost where we have a 100-unit trial.
Rick Smith: Well, we had one or two, and that's particularly if it went on-premise because of a, sort of an institutional belief within IT, where they said, "Hey, we're going to run this on-premise." And frankly, our assessment on that is that we believe the tides of history are kind of on our side here, that the world is moving towards an internet-enabled, connected cloud world, and so we believe we've got a very good shot to win those customers in the future.
Saliq Khan: [Indiscernible] what really kind of surprised me is you had Kanders that, for years, was talking about how great VIEVU, was and he had a real good market opportunity there. So, what do you think motivated Kanders to sell Safariland's VIEVU over to you guys?
Rick Smith: So yes, he's a very smart guy. I mean, it's a well-run company. We actually were talking about this internally, and to be honest, I was expecting the phone call. Because I remember, when we first launched into the software space many years ago, we were surprised at how expensive it turned out to be to build the team, to build the support infrastructure. To basically build the platform cost far more than we expected. Now in our case, we pressed through that because, ultimately, we saw the opportunity that we were the first mover and that we were creating the space, and we felt we could create a very valuable business. If I put myself in the Safariland position, basically realizing the importance of the software and the cost of doing it, it's hard to make the economics work when there's already a really strong market leader. So, if I were in their position, I likely would have come to the same conclusion, that just the level of investment simply couldn't be justified, given that Axon already had such a strong lead in the marketplace.  And I really respect that Safariland reached out to us, and ultimately, we found a way to leverage everybody's strengths and help them to continue to build a strong and growing business. And frankly, I'm delighted we can work with them now because they're really good at things around support gear and holstering that is going to make our solutions more valuable and allows them to focus on continuing to run where their core competencies are really strong.
Saliq Khan: Well, I agree. I've just had a pretty nice switch over there into the marketplace. And just one last question, Rick. If you take a look at the product portfolio versus your – and if you map one over the other, how do I start thinking about the margin potential opportunities that you have once the integration happens? And what could that product portfolio look like when you really tighten it up?
Rick Smith: Yes. So, I think part of what – as the Safariland team looked at this, they would have had to spend a lot of time, energy and effort building a system to be competitive with what we had already built. So, from just a global economics perspective, this is much more efficient for us to acquire VIEVU and be able to leverage what we've built. So, I would say, over the next 6 to 12 months, the team at VIEVU is going to be really helping figure out how we integrate the best of what they've got into our platform, and then everybody can shift their focus to moving the ball further down the field, building new exciting features that are solving new problems for our customers. And at this point, it's really an exciting time to be at Axon because this, having the major cloud platform in public safety and running one of the largest datasets in the world, opens up just virtually unlimited opportunities for us to leverage that into additional capabilities and additional expansion opportunities. So, for us, one of the challenges is making sure my partner Jawad here keeps us focused on sequencing those investments so that we're making the investments the right way to add maximum value for customers, while also managing the company with some financial rigor.
Saliq Khan : Fantastic. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Hi, thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the deal and the strong results. I wanted to jump into thinking about this kind of intermediate-term plan that you have on your Software & Sensors business on breakeven. You mentioned that – overall to the Axon business that revenues may not be material, but I imagine, as it pertains to Software & Sensors, it is more material. Are you still on track to see that business break even, given the contracts that you've inherited, kind of in the next three years?
Luke Larson: Yes, we're not making any changes to our long-term model. Every day, Jawad and I get up and think about how do we turn the Software & Sensors business into a profitable business, and we've got really good plans in place to execute on that plan.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, great. And then I wanted to also ask, you had some great updates here on progress in Europe. And just thinking about the sales cycle that you saw play out in the U.K., maybe in Australia, how has the evolution of the length of the sales cycle played out in the U.K. where it is today, and how we might expect that to play out in some of these newer frontiers in Germany or Italy. Have we gone from a kind of 36-month sales cycle to now, in the U.K, we're at 12 months to 18 months? Can you provide any color on that, Rick?
Rick Smith: Yes, so I don't know that it has changed the sales cycle. We're just a few years into this sales cycle, where we're now seeing the approvals in Italy, we're seeing field trials happening in other continental European countries. I think there are some differences, where the U.K. and Australia still tend to have regional police units. So, there's 44 constabularies in the U.K. and around 10 in Australia, whereas in Italy and France, for example, we're dealing with more major national police forces. So, larger institutions tend to have longer decision cycle times. So, I don't know that I've seen it changing, but we're a few years into it now, and I'm glad to see that we're starting to see some progress. Luke, do you have anything to add?
Luke Larson: Yes. I mean, I think, when we look across the table at our international customers, we've done a really good job building out a direct sales channel where we've hired local nationals. And we now, I think, are gaining access to key stakeholders that we just didn't have before. And this isn't just in the last few months. This is really a culmination of two to three years of hard work. This last quarter was a record international quarter at $23 million. Again, when I was over there at the end of March, they were preparing for Mayday events. Every major city in Europe has protests, and they're looking for effective use-of-force options to deescalate those types of situations. And so, we're seeing all the right signs in markets like Germany and Italy in addition to expansions in the U.K. So, we feel really good about our international progress.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes. Just to expand on the question, or maybe clarify, the sales cycle that you have in the U.K., where you're now an established player, has that shortened? That's really the base of the question.
Rick Smith: I think it'll likely shortened a bit. Yes, I think there's growing confidence versus when we were new in that business, in the body camera business, in the U.K. and the cloud was a brand-new concept when we first started, whereas now the largest agencies in the U.K. are customers. I think we're seeing more and more customers starting to convert over onto our platform. And the buzz between them is sort of validating that, this whole business model of using the cloud and internet-enabled docks is some real advantages. So, I'd say that it's accelerating the decision cycles in the U.K.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, great. And then last one here is on the Axon Fleet. And just thinking about that business, you've really made very quick progress on gaining market share there. I wanted to understand, in terms of the reporting of that revenue and the way that you're selling that service, clearly disruptive to the current player and market structure. Is that going to be reported under software services revenues moving forward? Or how is that business going to be reported?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, it is under Software & Sensors, Jeremy. And at this point, we don't have any plans to break that out separately. At some point in the future, we may revisit that, but for the foreseeable future, we're going to include that in Software & Sensors.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. So, but is that going to be included, right now, in net sales from products or net sales from services?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, it's actually both. So, the software portion will be under Axon Cloud, as I said the new nomenclature for our software revenues, and then the hardware around Fleet will be under the Sensors and Other.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay great. Thanks for taking the questions guys. Best of luck.
Rick Smith: Thank you. And by the way, I would add in there, we, last year, mentioned we had acquired a team in Finland. Juha and his team over there are just doing a fantastic job. I'm really excited at the vision of bringing, particularly around where the Fleet product line's going to evolve in the future. So, we're – I think that's one of the exciting areas of the business for me.
Operator: And our next question comes of the line of Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg. Your line is now open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi, thanks for taking the questions. Just a couple. On the acquisition, can you give us a sense of how many years are left on those contracts, for instance? Like, take the NYPD. Was it a three-year or five-year deal at the time that they signed with VIEVU? And the reason I'm curious is just, like I know they were significantly underbidding you in a lot of situations, which you've mentioned. But how do you feel about the confidence of getting those contracts up to more standard – your more standard pricing structure upon renewal?
Luke Larson: Yes, so at this time, we're not going to talk about any specific customers. But I would say, the way we're thinking about this is, there'll be a natural kind of upgrade cycle where those customers, the average life of the hardware is anywhere from 2.5 to 3 years, and we're going to go out and work with those customers and really earn their trust and show them the benefits of the Axon network. And in early discussions with several key customers, we feel really good about their willingness to move over to the Axon network.
Rick Smith: Yes, and I would add that, we're – part of the value of building the Axon network is that it gives us the ability to offer future products and services that are extremely valuable. So, I've already had some discussions with some of these customers where they're validating that these future products and services that we're building are going to be really valuable. So, I don't think we have – we're not thinking of those in terms of like how do we increase like the prices at some renewal in the future. We're thinking about this; how do we delight those customers with new services and new capabilities that are going to be really valuable for them that they'll want to purchase some of the new things we're building? And I'm very confident that we'll be able to earn the additional business with these customers over time.
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. And actually, just to build on that, the proof point of what Rick just spoke about is that many of our contracts, even though they're on average 4.5 to 5 years in length, don't end up running their full term because we're introducing new products and new solutions at such a rapid pace, some of these contracts get rewritten in upsell situations. And we would expect the same to continue in the future.
Glenn Mattson: Great, that's helpful. Jawad, how about service margins? They were up, I think, 10 percentage points sequentially and maybe 8 year-over-year. Is there anything going on there beyond just getting better scale, I guess?
Rick Smith: So, part of it was we've completed our migration costs from AWS to Azure. So, there were some duplicate costs, there were migration costs in there. So, some of that, we just benefited from having that complete and behind us. Jawad, do you have anything else to add?
Jawad Ahsan: That's exactly it, and also the fact that we continue to add users to the network, and we're getting scale there.
Glenn Mattson: Great. And last thing, just curious on the – seems like the TASER Cam and – I mean, the dock ebbs and flows, I guess. Dock was kind of – TASER – the Dock was a little weaker maybe last quarter, so maybe there was some catch-up, but TASER Cam was oddly strong this quarter. Was that just a few random orders maybe in the international orders?
Luke Larson: Yes, we had a really, really strong international quarter. It was actually a record quarter, and we're still selling some TASER Cams internationally.
Rick Smith: I can think of one major U.S. order as well. Probably – our U.S. customers typically don't like us talking about them with specificity, but there was at least one that I know who went with TASER Cams that was pretty significant.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. Great thanks guys. Congrats.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of Bill Baker from GARP Research. Your line is now open.
Bill Baker: Hi. My question is about artificial intelligence. I greatly appreciated you having some folks from that part of your business in the Analyst Day several months back. And just wanted to hear your thoughts about developing this internally, you've placed a lot of emphasis on that, and strategically how you're thinking about that. Because I see you passed on Avigilon, and a lot of my colleagues out here in The Street really were a little fearful of Motorola a year or two ago, and to see them do this deal, are you seeing this as a signal that there's a divergence in strategic thinking here among the two companies, and you're not going to be in that adjacent market? Or do you think internally you're going to be morphing beyond the straight police kind of applications over time?
Rick Smith: Hopefully, for sure. We're very focused on building our [indiscernible] as a core asset. I would say there is a bit of a difference. Some of our competitors are growing through like a heavy acquisition approach. And interestingly I was talking with some of our technical leaders, and the risk of that is you end up acquiring a bunch of technical debt because you're buying a bunch of things that weren't necessarily designed to play well together. And doing that integration, it's really hard to buy a lot of different things and then end up with an Apple-esque user experience where things really work well together. So, our approach is much more focused on building things in a highly integrated way. So, from an AI perspective, we're not doing foundational AI research on the scale of like a Google or Facebook. Our team is really focused on leveraging the best-in-class AI tools and algorithms, and we're building the data models based on this wonderful, you know we have one of the largest datasets in the world at 22 petabytes and growing exponentially.  Now, that's our customers' data. We'll be very clear. It is not ours. But our customers can now opt in to be able to have that data used to train our AI algorithms. They can then automate many of the mundane and boring and tedious tasks that law enforcement has to do with this data and, ultimately, to unlock the value that's inside that data. So, we believe having more data and a focused AI team allows us to build better features so we win more customers, which gets more data, which we can feed to our team to build better features and so forth, and the flywheel continues. So, we're feeling very confident about our approach. We do know that we're up against some people with deep pockets that are competing with us, and we're enjoying the competition. We feel really good that our strategy is one that, over the long haul – I'm just saying, let's just say we're confident in our approach, and we're excited to see how the future unfolds.
Bill Baker: Well, thank you, and again I appreciate having to have a chance to speak with some of your engineers. So, it is a really fascinating area.
Rick Smith: Great. Thank you.
Bill Baker: You’re welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Godfrey from CL King. Your line is now open.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Thanks for taking the questions and congratulations on the great quarter. I just wanted to start with VIEVU. From – Rick, from the comments, it wasn't clear to me whether you were leaving the customers on VIEVU hardware and then moving them over to Evidence.com or do you plan to migrate them to the full Axon solution immediately. How does – and what is the time frame for moving the existing customers to your solution?
Rick Smith: Yes, those are issues that we're working through right now in consultation with our customers. So, we don't – we don't have a firm time line on that. So, that's going to be determined, again, in close consultation with our customers to make sure that they have input on the path that we choose forward.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then, secondly, New York City and Boston, I think, are two Northeast cities that have been really slow to adopt the body camera solution. Given that New York signed a contract for 5,000 cameras with VIEVU, has their thinking around that changed? Have you been able to ascertain that?
Rick Smith: So, the biggest agencies in particular have asked us not to comment or hypothecate [ph] about what their plans are, although I do know that the mayor of New York has made public statements earlier this year about accelerating the cameras to full deployment. And if you – we'll have our IR team send you references to some of those statements, but we will be really careful not to speak on behalf of our customers.
George Godfrey: Understood. Okay, thank you. Nice quarter. 
Rick Smith: Thank you. We are pretty excited about it.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Rick for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Okay. Well, hey, everybody. It's hard not to smile when you see the fruits of the labor and the hard work that all of our people have done over the past few quarters to just pitch in on a quarter like this one. So, thanks for sticking with us, and we're really excited to have you all come out to our shareholder meeting and tune in for our calls in the rest of the year.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrea James - VP, IR Luke Larson - President Rick Smith - CEO and Founder Jawad Ahsan - CFO
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Mark Strouse - J.P. Morgan Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company George Godfrey - CL King Allen Klee - Sidoti & Company Glen Madsen - Ladenburg Diamond
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2017 Axon Enterprise Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference Luke Larson, President. You may begin. 
Luke Larson: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. I am Luke Larson, President of Axon. Welcome to Axon’s Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining on today’s call from management are Rick Smith, CEO and Founder; and Jawad Ahsan, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, Andrea James, our VP of Investor Relations, will read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Andrea James: Good afternoon. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. During our call we will be making references to our reported results which you can find by reading our quarterly shareholder letter and the supplemental materials both of which are available at investor.axon.com and on the SEC website.  We will start today's session with prepared remarks then we will move to a live Q&A session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. This forward-looking information is based upon on current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise and these estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption, Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as other SEC filings at investor.axon.com or at sec.gov by searching for filings under the Axon ticker AAXN.  Okay, now turning the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Thanks Andrea and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us and welcome to day one in the next decade of Axon's mission to protect life. 2017 was a big year for Axon and I am extremely proud of what our team has accomplished. We executed on our short-term goals and at the same time laid the foundation to drive continued top line growth and long-term profitability.  There were several highlights from the year that I want to recap. First and foremost we changed our name from TASER International to Axon Enterprise to better reflect what is now an unprecedented platform of devices, software, and technology. Next we completed the enormous task of migrating 20 million gigabytes or 20 petabytes of data onto Microsoft's Azure cloud. Let me tell you this was no small feat and I could not be more proud of our team who worked tirelessly to make it happen seamlessly for our customers.  Back to my recap of the year, we also launched our artificial intelligence group Axon AI. We accelerated market adoption of our Body Camera program, we expanded our product ecosystem with Axon Fleet, an in car video system and we started to take market share in this new market. We grew our booked license count on Evidence.com to more than 200,000 seats. We introduced Signal Sidearm which allows all of our cameras in a certain radius to begin recording after a firearm is drawn. We rolled out Axon Citizen which allows the public to submit evidence and we enhanced our Board of Directors and expanded our leadership teams across IT, product, and finance while promoting some of our existing superstars. Notably we brought in financial leadership that significantly deepens our bench and has already facilitated a new cultural -- a new culture of discipline that will enable us to deliver increased profits and drive greater shareholder value. I couldn't be enjoying working with anyone more than I have with Jawad this past six months, it is great to have you on board. Jawad will discuss our OpEx shortly but suffice to say we entered 2018 with good progress under our belt and expect to continue that momentum.  In 2017 we delivered record revenue of $344 million and we also ended the year with software and sensor bookings up 15%. Importantly we continued to make progress against our four key areas of growth which are, one, the TASER weapons; two, evidence management software and body cameras; three, Axon Fleet; and four, Axon Records. With that as a backdrop I'm incredibly excited about our plans for 2018 and the way our team has come together to embrace our new mantra of being scrappy to drive leverage.  We have long had a culture of excellence, hard work, and fun and what I view is a collegial atmosphere at Axon. That will not change but it will be enhanced by disciplined financial management combined with top line growth. Broadly speaking Axon is at a new juncture, we have a platform of innovative and interconnected businesses that will allow us to continue creating and dominating new markets. You heard our perspective and the path we are taking at our November Analyst Day. We believe our market position and the opportunity to drive shareholder value is unique. We've continued to shift our business model, our mission is clear, our teams are invigorated, and we're all looking forward to keeping you updated on our progress.  As you have no doubt seen today we also announced a new plan for me to lead this amazing company with amazing people through the next decade. Later this week I will report to accepting my last paycheck for the next ten years. I'll be shifting to a 100% perform compensation package based on stock options that only vests if we can increase the market capitalization to a range from starting at a doubling to ten-fold increase coupled with financial operating targets to ensure we are building both shareholder value and financial rigor. The planned development was led by Hadi Partovi and our compensation committee and is largely inspired by the recent program announced by Tesla for its CEO Elon Musk. And I will tell you I'm incredibly excited at the opportunity to earn back a share of the company I founded 25 years ago if we can deliver 10X results. I also relish the accountability of knowing that I will take home nothing from this plan if we don't at least double the market cap based on the six month averages starting today while either doubling revenue or tripling adjusted EBITDA just to get to the first milestone. Jawad can give some more details later and of course this plan is contingent upon you, our shareholders voting to implement it at our upcoming shareholder meeting in May. But I can tell you I'm pumped and ready to roll. With that I will turn over to Luke. 
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. You should all have our reported financial results and shareholder letter in front of you, let me add some color by taking a look at where our teams will be focusing their energy in the New Year. First, I'll talk about product development and second, I'll give some color about our execution. For product 2018 is going to be another year of intense innovation for us. We will be launching several new products including Axon Records a breakthrough record management system built to fully integrate audio and video data and to leverage artificial intelligence to streamline report creation in addition to several game changing enterprise software add ons.  Another product that fit into our four strategic growth categories highlighted by Rick, Evidence.com is constantly improving. For those of you who are new to Axon briefly Evidence.com is our cloud based digital evidence management system that stores body-worn and camera video and does so much more. We are constantly improving this product adding new features upon our customer's requests for our different pricing tiers and we sent out updates in real time to improve the user experience. For example most recently we dramatically reduced the time it take to search for videos uploaded at Evidence.com.  We are excited about the increasing utility of Evidence.com. Today the platform posts officer [ph] body cam videos and that's great but our customers need the software to do more. We're developing enhancements that will enable Evidence.com to seamlessly take in CCTV footage and other forms of video and audio evidence. We can't touch on all of our products today especially as our suite grows but I want to note that we are seeing good traction with Axon Citizen which is the community evidence submission tool that we announced in Q4. Oxnard Police Department out of Southern California put out a video to their entire community outlining how they could submit evidence via their smartphones to the police agency using Axon Citizen. Fort Worth Police Department in Texas also announced they were doing an entire agency wide trial of Axon Citizen.  The second area of focus I want to cover is our ability to execute on our growing TAM. Back office operations may not be that glamorous but it's important to get these things right and we feel really confident about the decisions we are making to support our growth. We're scaling up our offices across the world and we have set a priority in 2018 to cross pollinate our internal groups to ensure we execute against one vision for Axon. For perspective, in 2017 alone our net headcount increased by 250 reflecting 36% growth. We have recently added staff in key markets including Scottsdale, Seattle, London, Frankfurt, Finland, Amsterdam, Sydney, Vietnam, and New York. Our senior leaders are spending time on the ground in these areas and working across functions to keep the global team marching in lockstep.  We are also consolidating our global logistics group as we prepare for continued international growth. We recently folded our EMEA logistics and operations responsibilities into one global logistics group. During the past year this group dramatically improved our HQ customer fulfillment and warehousing operations. They also crafted a strategic warehousing plan and developed new key transportation partnerships. We also recently opened a distribution center in Melbourne, Australia which is becoming an increasingly important market for us. Hopefully you saw our announcement earlier this month that in the first quarter of this year Victoria Police in Australia ordered 11,000 Body 2 cameras and secured a five year subscription to Evidence.com. We believe we now have a solid foundation in place to provide even better support to our international customers going forward. Joined forces is one of our internal core values and encourages people to step outside of their individual silos. We already see this happening and we believe this will be critical to the organization as we continue to grow. Now I will hand the call over to Jawad who will talk about our financial results and outlook. 
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks Luke. One of the good things to talk about this quarter from a financial perspective, we delivered solid fourth quarter results with record revenue, strong gross margins and adjusted earnings per share above consensus. Fourth quarter revenue came in at $5 million reflecting 15% growth year-over-year. We saw strength across the board. Weapons revenue grew 10% and software and sensors revenue was up a healthy 27% reflecting a large number of customer add ons and another record quarter competitor conversion wins. We will come back to gross margin and operating margin in a minute but I wanted to jump down the bottom line first to point out that in Q4 we had an $8 million non-cash tax expense related to U.S. tax reform. This put us at a GAAP EPS loss of $.04 per share excluding this non-cash tax expense and also excluding a non-cash intangible asset abandonment charge, our Q4 non-GAAP adjusted EPS was $0.13 which we feel really good about.  Also you may have noticed in our shareholder letter that we are giving two non-GAAP EPS figures. This is because for the first time we're excluding stock based compensation expenses from income and plan to do so going forward. Excluding stock up our non-GAAP EPS was $0.18 in Q4. As you can see on our reconciliation tables, this is up from non-GAAP EPS of $0.15 in the same period a year ago. So to be clear the $0.13 non-GAAP EPS is what compares the consensus and the $0.18 non-GAAP EPS reflects a new adjustment that we are introducing this quarter. You have the tables in front of you so I don’t need to hit every number but I do want to take a few moments to unpack gross margin and operating margin.  Our consolidated gross margins were great this quarter coming in at 66.6%. This reflected strong pricing, lower data migration costs than in previous quarters and a favorable mix. We are proud of this result but we also believe that we had a favorable confluence of factors in Q4 that boosted our gross margin. And so we believe that 300 to 400 basis points of the gross margin performance was non-recurring. Drilling into gross margins a little bit more you'll notice that software and sensors product gross margin flipped from negative 5% in Q3 to positive 43% in Q4. This was mostly tied to strengthen pricing as well as the timing of shipments and favorable product mix. With all the puts and takes of the past few quarters behind us we expect software and sensors product gross margins to normalized to about 25% excluding Axon Fleet pass through hardware.  On operating expenses I want to take a minute and commend our team for working hard to implement and embrace robust cost controls in November and December. We've already started to see the results of their efforts as we started to bend the trajectory of our cost growth curve. Our Q4 operating expenses of $55.4 million include $900,000 in restructuring costs associated with a reduction in force. We believe that this reduction in force will lead to $4.5 million in annual cost savings starting this year 2018. Q4 operating expenses also included a $1.1 million non-cash charge related to an intangible asset write down. You can also see the results of our cost controls on the adjusted EBITDA line which came in at $15 million in Q4. This compares to $13 million a year ago and is up substantially from $7 million in Q3.  Turning to the balance sheet we feel really good about our financial condition with over $80 million of cash. Also we told you two quarters ago that we would take inventory levels to sub $50 million by the end of the year and we did exactly that. Inventory was $45.5 million at year-end. Before going over our guidance I will briefly discuss ASC 606, the new accounting standard is applicable to Axon effective January 1, 2018. This standard effectively eliminates the concept of contingent revenue which will result in accelerating some of our revenue recognition on new contracts while at same time moving previously stored up deferred revenue straight to the retained earnings line. We're still working through the details but our accounting team has worked hard to prepare for the accounting change and in 2018 we will disclose revenue results under both standard 605 and 606 starting with our Q1 2018 results.  Now to our 2018 outlook, we are providing the following guidance. Revenue growth of 16% to 18%, operating margin expansion of 300 to 400 basis points driven by strong gross margins and strict expense control. We're looking at a normalized tax rate of between 20% to 25% which can fluctuate depending on changes in our stock price and the geography in which our earnings are booked, and finally capital expenditures of $12 million to $16 million. Looking a little further ahead we're in the initial playing stages for a next generation manufacturing facility and headquarters building that will consolidate our four Scottsville locations into one complex. This is a long range project that would see us break ground sometime in 2019 with a target completion date of 2021. The expected return on investment for this project is compelling and as it would enable us to retool our Scottsville manufacturing lines, consolidate office space, and ultimately move our Axon accelerate user conference on to our own campus. We'll have more to say on this as we move through the playing stages. We appreciate your time today and will now be happy to take your questions. Operator we're ready to move to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Thanks good afternoon, nice quarter guys. As you dig in I guess a little bit to the margins in the software segments area within hardware guessing, wondering Jawad if you could be a little more specific around kind of the puts and takes that kind of drill that outperformance? And then on the software or on the services side of it gross margin was down year-over-year which seemed a little surprising given the bigger base, so maybe just a little more detail on the puts and takes there? 
Jawad Ahsan: Yes sure, let's start with the first part of your question there, so we saw some upside relative to product mix and really we had the heavier portion of software versus hardware in the quarter and generally when that happens we tend to see favorable margins. We also had some upside from adjustments to be made to inventory that came in at the end of the year as part of our inventory balance. And then the second part your question.
Steve Dyer: Yeah, just the lower recurring margins in the quarter, just on a higher revenue base?
Jawad Ahsan: Could you clarify please Steve? 
Steve Dyer: Yeah, I mean just as I read through it quickly it looked like the recurring gross margins were lower year-over-year, we can take it offline if you want to, I can kind of look up to specific numbers. I guess I'll just move on quickly so, your operating margin as reported was 3.8% in 2017, is that kind of the bogey that the 300 to 400 basis points of improvement is based on or are you -- is there something that needs to be backed out of there? 
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, that's correct, that is what it is based on. And sorry Steve I understand your other question now. We still had some data migration costs in Q4 since that was a bit of a headwind and then we do have some storage costs and that will continue to be in our financial profile going forward. The migration is complete, we do have storage costs. 
Steve Dyer: Okay, and then tax rate 20% to 25% is that also kind of the right way to think about the cash tax rate?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes.
Steve Dyer: Okay, great. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Mark Strouse from J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Mark Strouse: Yeah, hey guys. Thanks for taking our questions and I'll add my congrats as well. So Rick just wanted to start with the weapons order that came out whenever that was a week or two ago, we were encouraged to see the NYPD included in there with a fairly large order. I know you won't discuss any agency specifically but just generally speaking is there anything incremental that you're seeing regarding some of the larger agencies that makes you a bit more optimistic that relatively lower penetration can increase?
Rick Smith: Yeah, I mean I think we are continuing to see as of I would say a few years ago predominantly the larger agencies were sharing TASER weapons and I think we're now seeing that shift to where the larger agencies starting with LAPD a few years ago, with Chicago and others moving towards individual issue of the TASER weapons and I think we're seeing in New York obviously a continued expansion there. So, I'm a little bit biased on this topic but I believe every police officer who goes out with a gun should have a TASER and I think that is starting to become a more mainstream view of the world that -- in Ferguson, Missouri that officer did not have a TASER and consequences were catastrophic. And while we can't necessarily stop every tragedy from happening we think we can have a big quantitative impact and that's no longer seen as a sort of a futurist view. I think that's becoming the present. 
Luke Larson: Yes Mark, this is Luke here. We're actually in San Francisco doing the call today and I might add that in November of last year, November 2017 San Francisco voted to approve TASERs for that PD. Now that's going to be a process they have to work with to go through the actual procurement but they approved it and we were actually out on a walk here around the block and we saw the officers wearing the body cameras, so really optimistic. Every police officer in the country will carry a TASER weapon, wear Body Camera, and have a seat on the Axon network. 
Mark Strouse: Okay, thank you. And then can you just talk about for the remainder of 2018 how we should think about uses of cash as far as M&A opportunities, are there any kind of holes in your product portfolio or any just acquiring R&D if you will that you see that are out there that are compelling? And maybe an add on to that if there's anything new and different that you're seeing from competitors that might drive you towards one particular offering? 
Rick Smith: Got it, great question. So I'll take that with one, we recently announced the team that we hired in Tampere, Finland. I was just on a conference call getting them started this week and it is really exciting and energetic to have some really great talent around imaging that I think will help pick up our hardware game and sort of increase our hardware capabilities to drive future software capabilities. So we continue to be mostly interested in finding great teams that we can acquire. I don't know if there's any glaring holes in the product ecosystem but I would tell you I generally tend to be a skeptic on acquisitions, I’m a Chicago school guy that if we're going to look at an acquisitions it has got to have to pass a pretty high bar that it is more valuable but because it is part of us then it would be a standalone or part of someone else. So our strategy is not to go through acquisitions unless they either have a team that we really think exhilarates us or some other unique in sense of value that is unlocked by being part of us. 
Mark Strouse: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty and Company. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Hamblin: I'll add my congratulations. I wanted to ask going back to your November Analyst Day you noted a couple of things; one, it sounds like you're realizing maybe some of the cost savings a little quicker than expected. I think that you've implemented some incentive changes for your sales team as well to focus on selling contracts at better margins or better pay outs for lower discounts so to speak. Tying those two things together first, how has the change in incentive plans been received for the sales team? And then secondly you noted previously that you expected the Axon or the software and sensor side of your platform to achieve profitability in two years in 2020, is that still kind of the track that you're expecting today? 
Rick Smith: So why don't I take the first part of that question and then I will hand it over to Jawad here. On the cost savings we have just been delighted that the company has really embraced the new value that we're calling be scrappy. So I hosted an exec dinner, had the entire executive team the 10 person team, we ate pizza it was 100 bucks and I paid for it out of my own pocket. So we feel really good about the be scrappy initiative. On how we incentivize our sales team, we have really focused on segregating that team into hunters and farmers and so they're still -- their main incentive is to close business. We have put in some structures that we think will help facilitate lower discounts but we're still really incentivizing them to go out and win new business, get full penetration, and add our additional tiers profitably. And let me turn it over to Jawad on the kind of that two to three year outlook. 
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, I would add to that also been pleasantly surprised with just how well the cost controls and the discipline has been adopted within the company. And I would tell you we are sticking to the guidance that we gave. At this point we're not bringing anything up. We still feel good about the three year plan that we've communicated and that we've signed up for. There are lots of things that we want to do as far as investing in products and so the roadmap that we've got we're going to continue to execute on that and I would say at this point we're still on track with the guidance that we gave in November.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great, if I could sneak one more in quick here on the 16% to 18% sales growth for the year, on the weapon side are you expecting kind of similar like 10% growth on that, can you give us a little color on the weapons business outlook for 2018?
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah I would say we would expect certainly more of the growth to come from software and sensors. And we feel great about our opportunities internationally on the weapon side and so I think you're going to see -- continue to see as a mature business domestically for weapons, lots of great opportunities internationally. There is a bit of lumpiness given the sales like we have talked about that in the past. And then really the main growth engine for us will continue to be software and service centers. 
Jeremy Hamblin: But just confirming, you are expecting a little bit of growth on the weapons side this year? 
Jawad Ahsan: Correct. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Great, thanks so much for taking the questions guys.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of George Godfrey from CL King, your line is now open. 
George Godfrey: Thanks gentlemen and my congratulations, very nice job. Two questions, one is that you mentioned winning some competitive win backs, was that this quarter and can you tell us what cities those were?
Rick Smith: So yes, so the ones we were referring were this quarter. I don’t know that we have disclosed exactly which cities those are. 
George Godfrey: Okay, and I want to pay particular attention to the operating margin expansion, thank you for that clarity and just to be crystal clear because margins are always such an issue. If I go to the midpoint the 350 basis point improvement is that inclusive of Axon Fleet or a new product introductions in the year such that once all said and done you are target is 7.3, is there going to be adjustments for new product initiatives, I heard Jawad mention the software and sensors normalizing around 25% excluding the Axon Fleet pass through hardware? 
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, great question, no adjustments that is what we're targeting for bottom line.
George Godfrey: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Allen Klee from Sidoti and Company. Your line is now open. 
Allen Klee: Yes hi, you provided some for your adjusted income some tax affected adjustments, what tax rate were you using for that and what would you expect to be using going forward?
Jawad Ahsan: So we have tax in multiple jurisdictions. For that particular adjustment we used our U.S. tax rate. It was impacted that we do have some -- we had a tax structure in the Netherlands that we wound down and there is some residual effects of that in Q4 in our tax rate.
Allen Klee: Okay.
Jawad Ahsan: In the U.S. just to be clear, it's about 37%.
Allen Klee: And for 2018 when you provide these numbers will it be similar or will it be a lower number?
Jawad Ahsan: It will be lower as it -- the U.S. obviously we're going to see a lower income tax rate in the U.S. in 2018. And some of the items that helped our tax rate in 2017 we do expect some subset of those to continue in 2018. We had an R&D credit, we had -- there is obviously if you have seen the impact from the accounting change relative to equity and so that we continue -- we expect that to continue to help our tax rate. But there's some volatility there, we can't really obviously predict the stock price to the extent that that fluctuates and that will drive some volatility in our tax rate as well.
Allen Klee: Thank you and then for Mr. Smith you provided some, I missed it but some of the like the longer term targets to hit his new payment plan, can you just them?
Rick Smith: I'm sorry you are looking for specificity around the milestones themselves. 
Allen Klee: Yeah. 
Jawad Ahsan: Sure, so what we are effectively doing are, Rick needs to achieve 12 tranches and they are not time based, they are market cap based or milestone based and there are two sets of milestones, the first one is market cap and those are in successive increments of $1 billion from 2.5 billion to 13.5 billion. The second set of milestones are operational milestones and those there are eight revenue and eight EBITDA milestones. So 16 total and any 12 of those needs to be achieved to get effectively tied up -- tied into one market cap milestone. So to basically achieve the full award we need to -- we would basically need to be $13.5 billion market cap company and achieve 12 of the 16 operational targets. And those targets we included in our press release but effectively they start at $700 million of revenue hundred, $125 million of EBITDA. The highest revenue milestone is 2 billion and the highest EBITDA milestone is 230 million. And really I would think about those separately, while we thought we structured the revenue milestones independent of the EBITDA milestones because they weren’t really meant to be looked at together.
Allen Klee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Jawad I believe you had brought in some outside consultants to help you reorganize the operations and things, is that work complete now or is there still some more work to be done there? 
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah, that work is still continuing in Q1 so we're expecting to see there's an expense to that and actually it'll likely continue into a portion of Q2. There's a lot going on right now. I would say we brought those folks in but the bulk of the work has been done by the new team that we've got in place. I'm very excited about the team that we have in place now led by Jim Zito our VP of Accounting. And we brought in some great leadership under Jim and in conjunction with the consultants we've put in a new system to automate our revenue recognition. We're implementing a new HIS, we are implementing a new ERP or migrating over to a cloud based version of our earpiece. So there's a lot of work going on, and the consultants are one part of that.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, thanks that's helpful. Curious on the video hardware gross margins, I mean I think when you just say mix is the reason for the outperformance but I guess maybe it is the mix of flex versus body but I thought the cards -- the docking stations also carried very high margins. I know they were down year-over-year, was that -- can you help me get my hands around that a little better?
Rick Smith: So, yes the hardware that we shipped was at a significantly better margin than what we've seen in prior quarters. 
Jawad Ahsan: A large part of that was the international beachhead account that accounted for thousands of cameras the prior quarter. And then there was a little bit of adjustment the inventory was favorable. 
Rick Smith: Yes that's right.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, the shift in one other question on the RMS launch, when you start landing accounts with that product are you going to need -- is there like a professional services component where you need to have implementation process that help people pour it over from their old system to a new or is it more seamless than that? 
Rick Smith: No, for sure there will be professional services components and we've been building up that team which also when you install things like Axon Fleet you are working with agencies to be doing integration for their vehicles, also requires professional services. So Fleet has been a nice chance to cut our -- at that and then there's going to be employees we can achieve that through partnerships as well as company based employees.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you and we have a follow up question from the line of Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty and Company, your line is now open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thank you, just a quick one here on more current trends I think with the very sizable order that was received kind of a lot of nuance behind the shipment and timing on that. Can you give us a sense for typically you might provide a little color on where the quarter is tracking and how we should be thinking about kind of the current quarter sales, do you want to provide any color on that?
Rick Smith: We feel good about this current quarter. We don't normally give quarter-to-quarter detailed guidance. We believe we have got strong momentum thus far.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, I'll stick with that and thanks so much. Good luck guys.
Rick Smith: Thanks Jeremy.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we have a follow-up from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open. 
Steve Dyer: Yeah, that was just going to be kind of be mine as well typically, I think you give commentary around at least directionally. I know Q1 is usually down 5% to 10% from Q4 but it sounds like maybe this year's Q1 will be a little bit stronger than it typically is. I mean directionally should we think about it being down more flattish this year and then build from there?
Rick Smith: Yes Steve, I certainly appreciate the question. Last year one of the dynamics that was a little challenging for us was giving the guidance quarterly as far as revenue and OPEX. And so what we'd like to do is guide to the annual guidance 16% to 18% of the top line growth, 300 to 400 basis points in operating margin expansion. And I would continue to expect to see some fluctuations quarter-to-quarter but for the full year we expect to deliver.
Steve Dyer: Got it and then as it relates to guidance, is the intention to update that as needed quarterly or bi-annually or just see how it goes? 
Jawad Ahsan: Yeah every quarter we'll give you an update on how we are tracking to the full year.
Steve Dyer: Alright, got it, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you and I'm showing no further questions over the phone lines at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great, to the shareholders thanks for joining us today. And obviously we are pretty proud of the results team has turned in, proud of the team we've been building. I was in our Seattle office just yesterday meeting with some of our new employees and just continue to be dumbfounded at the level of talent that this organization has attracted. And we just couldn't be more excited to continue to grow and improve. To our financial team who is listening today, you guys are doing a great job. Jawad talked a little bit about Jim and got Andrea in the room here with us and a whole bunch of new folks that really make it Axon, setting the foundation for the next 10 years of growth. So, obviously I'm excited about this new competition plan that we've put in place. We are excited, I know I am going to be here for the next 10 years and it is going to be a lot of fun working with great people, doing great things. So stick around for the ride and we will talk to you guys in a few months for our next call. And we will see you at our shareholder meeting in May. With that have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a good day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-07 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrea James - VP, IR Luke Larson - President Rick Smith - CEO and Founder Jawad Ahsan - CFO Arvind Bobra - Director, Finance
Analysts : Mark Strouse - JP Morgan Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company George Godfrey - CL King Glen Madsen - Ladenburg Diamond Allen Klee - Sidoti Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter Axon Enterprise Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over Luke Larson, President at Axon Enterprise.
Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Axon’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining on today’s call from management are Rick Smith, CEO and Founder; and Jawad Ahsan, our CFO. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Andrea James, our VP of Investor Relations, to read the safe harbor statement.
Andrea James: Thanks, Luke. Our earnings are available on the SEC website and our Investor Relations site. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. Please note that the earnings shareholder letter as well as supplemental materials, including our key operating metrics, is available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. And we will follow the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon on current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise Inc. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption, Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as other SEC filings on our website, www.axon.com. With that, I will now hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Andrea, and good afternoon, everyone. Thanks for joining our call and thank for your interest in Axon. In Q3, we executed against our long-term plan of creating the end-to-end technology platform for policing and public safety. We are proud our revenue and product milestones achievements in the quarter. While we incurred some additional costs, they were necessary for the long-term success of our business. We are also taking a harder look at our operating margin performance and improving rigor around operating expenses. Specifically our domestic body camera business is now transitioning from the early market formation phase where growth is the dominant focus to our scaling phase where we are now placing significant emphasis on operating leverage and building the foundations of long-term profitability. Our strong quarterly revenue is indicative of our product leadership across all categories. There is no doubt about our market leadership and our strong customer relationships. Our record revenue in the quarter was driven by strength across our product segments including strong international weapons revenue growth. Our weapons revenue growth is quality growth. Giving on budget line item where police department grows the long term revenue stream from the customers by giving them a clear mechanism to be able to consistently upgrade every five years. Without these budget line items in place, we estimate our historic upgrade cycle was closer to the 8 to 10 years range. We believe that we can shorten that cycle to five years for agencies with a budget line item in place. We also believe that service plans for the weapon will pave the way for us to add software training and other service plans as upgrades to create additional customer value and revenue opportunities starting in 2018. Our operating loss in the quarter was caused by three key factors which we addressed in our shareholder letter in detail and which Jawad will cover in more detail. At high level though let me offer a quick review. First, when we enter a new market we usually do so with disruptive upfront discounting which compresses initial ASPs and gross margins. We did this with TASER weapons 20 years ago, with the domestic body-worn camera and Evidence.com starting five years ago. This is the case today as we penetrate international green field markets with body-worn camera as well as the introduction of our new fleet product domestically which began to scale in the third quarter. We are displacing several competitors with our fleet offering and we shift 1,600 fleet units in Q3 at higher discounted pricing and higher implementation cost as we iron out the new deployment processes required with this new product segment. We are gaining an important foothold with our in car video system. As many of you know, we've already converted several police on to our platform because fleet was coming. But the cost and discount did impact the profitability of both of our weapons and software in sensor segment due to how the accounting work which Jawad will cover in more detail. Under the generally accepted accounting principles, a discount on one element of this multi element deals must be proportionally applied across all the elements regardless of appearance on the customer invoice. So this not only caused compressed margin in the software and sensors segment in the quarter but also compressed weapons margin because of those fleet contracts where we also sold a bundle weapon. This effect can be a bit exaggerated with deferred contingent hardware under the current accounting guidelines. While there are many challenging aspects with the new 606 guidelines coming next year, this new guidelines will much better match the economics of our sign deals to the accounting. And as a result we expect to see significant improvement in body camera hardware economics starting in the first quarter of 2018. The second factor, gross margins were also compressed by $1.4 million in data migration cost in the quarter as we performed the largest cloud data migration ever with about 16 terabytes of data migrating from AWS to Microsoft Azure. After this data migration is complete, we'll have a strong sales partner in Microsoft and can leverage their relationships with customers around the globe as we grow our own product offerings. And the third factor, we made the decision in Q3 to bring closer scrutiny to our financial control functions. Jawad will go over this in a few minutes but I just wanted to point out that the investments in restructuring are international entities should yield a significant ROI going forward. We expect to see reduction in our effective rate over 10 percentage point as a result of these efforts. Although we plan to continue investing in R&D for future growth areas such as records management, artificial intelligence and fleet, we've identified other areas that would benefit in greater cost control in our company and we are taking a magnifying glass towards discounting practices to identify areas for improvement. Up until now we've been focused almost entirely on growth. Our key metrics including all the compensation metrics were focused primarily on growth and that’s exactly what the organization has delivered. As part of our pivotal profitability in body camera segment, we are adding profitability metrics to our compensation and long-term performance equity plans for 2018 and beyond. While we believe these strategic investments we made in Q3 with the right decisions to make for the long-term management of the business, we also wanted to highlight to investors that we have internal plans in place regarding cost control and slowing many areas of spend growth. We are committed to executing in this next stage of growth with more rigorous focus on profitability. I'd like to conclude by reiterating that our focus today has been on building the network of devices, apps and people so that we can create new highly valuable services that are only possible because of that network. And we've made tremendous progress today. We have over 6,000 agencies on the Axon network utilizing Evidence.com, we've added over 200 prosecutor's offices and are adding the crown prosecution offices across the entire United Kingdom to enable highly valuable and secured information sharing services. We have 245,000 camera sensors in the field today and have ingested over 16 million gigabytes of data or 16 terabytes, one of the largest datasets in the world. And we've added the industries leading artificial intelligence research and engineering team to develop advance AI services that will unlock the value in the data for our customers enabling the automation of commerce and business processes and creating high value services. In 2018 we expect to begin launching some of these premier services that are made possible by the network that we've built. These new services will create significant and unique value our customers and will create high margin services that will accelerate long-term profitability. And with that I'd like to turn the call over to Luke.
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. We had had exceptional bookings in Q3 of $78 million as we continue to lead the market. Bookings grew 36% or by $20 million from the prior year quarter similar to the 2017 second quarter, this quarter's strong bookings were not reliant on any one large order. Fleet bookings made a more meaningful contribution representing over 10% of this quarter's booking. Our customers see and appreciate the value in our end-to-end solutions which improved the workflow of everyone in the chain from officers to prosecutors to defenders. This was evidenced by 12 wins in Q3 where our body-worn camera or fleet offering displaced competitors. This is on top of 12 win backs we announced in Q2. It's not easy for any agency to switch body camera providers but the fact that they do and migrate to our platforms speaks to the quality and value proposition of this solution we are providing. We also saw four large customers' expansions in Q3 where agencies including the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department chose to upsize their contract and their reliance on the Axon network. Las Vegas was one of earliest body-worn camera customers and in Q3 they decided to renew their contract early and sign on to our officer safety plan. We are pleased with the pace of our product development which is accelerating and our software and sensors segment has seen a rise in operational discipline in 2017 as we've seen improvement in hitting product development milestones compared with past year. I want to touch on four product development milestones or accomplishments in this quarter. Artificial Intelligence, evidence.com, Signal Sidearm and Axon Citizen. First Artificial Intelligence. We are investing in AI and machine learning that will deploy across our product for enhanced functionality. We see AI as a productivity multiplier and not an end product in itself which differentiates us from competitors and offers us a clear path for monetization. While our AI research investments are still pre revenue, we received a major validation of our approach in the quarter. We had a really big win with the Las Angeles police department choosing Axon over several competitors to be the AI technology supplier for special video analytics project. A panel of reviewers evaluates each of the competitor's work via scientifically rigorous test. We were evaluated against benchmark such as categorizing the video, accuracy and work flow improvement speed up. LAPD received the federal grant to pay for the project and though it is not material to results we believe the win points to our strategic advantage of specifically focusing on solutions for law enforcement. Second our software development team sold out three new Evidence.com updates in Q3 as we mentioned in our shareholder letter. Not only this Evidence.com eliminate pain points for officer in the field but it will also solve problems in the back office that agency is helping department to make the best use of their body camera investment. For example, our update in the quarter to the device search feature now allows agencies to filter video by which camera recorded it. One of our customer said, I used the device search feature and the first day it was available it saves me hours of work. These are really meaningful features for customers. We also received encouraging feedback regarding feature updates that gives customers more granular control over who has access to evidence from an update that allows users to run a device summary report that brings together all the various device related details into a single place. One of the customers wrote, thank you, thank you, thank you for the device summary. Again, we are really connected to our customers and making VOC driven feature decisions. We take customer feedback very seriously. Evidence.com is continuously improving as we roll out mostly update to agency customers. Third Signal Sidearm, we continue to see strong interest from customers and our internal development is tracking to plan. We finished beta testing in October and the product is now available for shift for all Axon customers. Signal Sidearm is a smart sensor that attaches to most law enforcement firearm holsters, when a firearm is removed from its holster, a wireless alert is sent to all Axon cameras within range to begin recording and capture buffered video from before the firearm withdrawn. And fourth we've recently released Axon Citizen, a pubic safety portal that allows us community members to submit evidence directly to law enforcement agencies only for crimes under investigation. This is a specific product that was requested by our customers and has generated a lot of user interest. Finally, I'd like to update you on RMS which is still pre revenue and represents a large future opportunity. RMS on track to shipping 2018 to select agencies that our early access partners. In Q3, we signed up one major agency and a number of smaller agencies as early access partners. We are really encouraged by the level of customer interest shown for our Axon developed RMS at The International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference in October. And now I'll turn it over to Jawad who will discuss our financial results.
Jawad Ahsan: Great. Thanks Luke. Before I begin my prepared remarks, we want to briefly address the SEC's comment letter. We've been working to address the SEC's questions and earlier today we received a letter from the SEC stating that they completed their review of our Form 10-K filing. Turning back to the quarter. We had record revenue of $90.3 million in Q3 which represents 26% annual growth. On the weapon side we continue to execute in domestic weapons penetrating in deeper in agencies who are upgrading at a healthy pace. International weapons was also pretty exciting as we drove a lot of growth there. In software and sensors, we continue to add users to the Axon network and to shift hardware to new customers. That switchover 63% revenue growth of that segment in the quarter. Within software and sensors, Axon service grew 88% and hardware grew 42% as we shift nearly 37,000 cameras in Q3. This quarter's record camera unit volume was driven by continued strength in the domestic market, shipments to international customers and contractual upgrades on customers who have hit 2.5 year market in their five year contract. The third quarter also included $2 million in catch up service revenue previously held pending fulfillment of contractual terms or milestones. The 12% year-over-year increase in weapon segment revenue to $59.4 million was driven primarily by an increase in both international revenue and domestic revenue. International revenue growth was driven by strong X2 smart weapon sales in the UK and some large orders outside of our Tier 1 markets. For the first time this quarter, we offer our TASER 60 payment plan in the UK. This help drive our total weapon order on payment plan to 43%. Total international revenue in the second quarter increased $5.7 million or 51% from the prior year to $17.1 million. The growth was driven primarily by an increase in weapons and cartridge revenue and more than doubling of software and sensors service revenue. In the UK this quarter, we received continued benefit from the approval of sales of the weapon in the UK in the 2017 first quarter. Annual recurring revenue which captures the growth of our subscription base business, at the end of the third quarter was $63.7 million doubling our Q3 2016 number and representing 16% or $9 million growth sequentially as we converted approximately 17,000 domestic book seats to paid seats. Gross margins in the second quarter were 55.1% on consolidated basis. Weapons segment gross margin was 67.6% and was unfavorably impacted by greater mix of X2 weapons and the pricing impact of bundling with initial Axon fleet customers. In the software and sensors segment, we were impacted by several items leading a 31.1% gross margin in the quarter which is down slight 2.7% in the second quarter. Software and sensors' hardware margin was lower due to three items. First, we were impacted by our early fleet deals, some of which were booked more than a year ago where we offered both aggressive leader pricing and concession on accessories such as the routers needed for data flows. Our recently signed fleet deals do not have the same level of discounting and in fact we now charge $99 a month for fleet unlimited package plus the cost of upfront hardware. Axon fleet bookings are accelerating even at our full pricing which is highly disruptive in the industry. Second, we did not receive the full benefit we expected from standardizing the terms and conditions across our contracts which would have allowed us to recognize all the revenue allocated to the upfront camera at the time of shipment. We expect to see uplift in margins in Q4 if you are able to ship on a larger percentage of contracts with a standardized language. As a reminder, this contract change is expected to partially accelerate the hardware gross margin improvement we expected in Q1, 2018 under the new 606 accounting guidelines. Lastly, we were unfavorably impacted by the pricing on certain large international beachhead accounts at levels that we do not expect in 2018. Software and sensors service gross margin was 64% and was unfavorably impacted by $1.4 million of cost related to the previously disclosed migration from Amazon web services to Microsoft Azure's government cloud. As a reminder, this is a largest cloud data migration in history. We completed the first phase of the migration in October and are on track to be entirely on Azure by the end of Q4. However, we still expect up to $1 million of cost related to migration in the fourth quarter. Additionally, cost of services includes $520,000 of amortization related to the Misfit acquisition which was previously recorded in research and development expense but will now be classified as cost of good sold as it is revenue producing. Total operating expense in the quarter was $50.6 million. Selling, general and administrative expenses were $36.4 million, up from $31.8 million in the prior quarter. In the quarter, we had about $1.5 million of professional fees and contractor expenses related to material weakness from the Asian and international tax restructuring which we decided to prioritize in this quarter. After our last earning's call, when we forecast Q2 as a low point in margins, we had to make a call to bring outside help relative to three subsequent events. We weren't satisfied with the pace at which we were remediating our material weaknesses, getting ready for new ASC 606 accounting guideline or addressing lingering issues in our back office support capabilities. These are independent issues with different yet critical deadline that are important to hit. We were making progress against these goals but I felt it best to bring it outside consultants to help us ensure that we put these issues behind us definitively. We could have solved through these items with internal resources but it wouldn't have happened at the pace we needed it to. We are very excited about 2018 and made the call to deal with these items now so we can exit the year with a strong foundation on which we can execute with confidence and continue our great momentum. Overall, we've been working to bring our finance organization to world class level by bringing in new leadership and thought partners in key areas. This includes our new VP of Accounting Jim Zito, critical hires in other important finance roles, and a team at Ernst & Young led by Todd Stein that I previously worked with. A key focus of this team going forward will to be improved our expense and operating vigor to steadily drive up profitability. Additionally, flowing through SG&A, we had a sequential $1.4 million increase in expenses from increased commission in selling expenses, both type of revenues that beat our internal forecast. Research and development expenses were $14.2 million in Q3, up from $13 million in Q2. The increase was driven by a $2.4 million increase in headcount related spend as we accelerated our investment in new lines of business including fleet and RMS. The increase in headcount was partially offset by lower professional and consulting spends and the shift of Misfit amortization expense to cost of good sold. Below the operating line, other income of $1.4 million consisted of $1.1 million of gain related to foreign currency transaction adjustment and interest income which includes interest on a TASER 60 program which GAAP rules require that we allocate a small portion of customer payment on the TASER 60 to interest income as we are essentially financing the hardware for our customers. We are executing on our inventory management plan. Total inventory in the quarter decreased by $8.1 million to $52.7 million putting us on track to meet or exceed our target of $50 million by year end. Turning to our outlook for the rest of the year. As you have in our shareholder letter in front of you, we now expect full year revenue growth to exceed 25% which surpasses our original guidance of 15% to 20% growth in 2017. We expect modest sequential gross margin improvement and a sequential increased in operating expenses of 5% to 8% in Q4. We are actively working to adjust the trajectory of our operating expense growth rate to drive leverage as Rick stated at the beginning of this call. We look forward to provide an overview of our long-term vision at our Investor and Analyst Day next week in New York. And with that we can now move to the questions-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Mark Strouse of JP Morgan. Your line is open
Mark Strouse: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. So I just want to clarify something if I could. The one time items that way down on gross margin this quarter. Sound like they are still some impact in 4Q but by the time we get to 1Q of 2018 it will be much cleaner margin number, is that accurate?
Jawad Ahsan : Yes, that's exactly right. We have -- as we mentioned the data migration we had some of the leader pricing on the international beachhead account and we are expecting by Q1 that's going to behind us.
Mark Strouse: Okay, okay. And then as you mentioned transitioning into profitability phase you are now for the market. In 2018, you are going to have a pretty easy year-over-year comp for operating margin. So, I guess can you just kind of maybe I am stealing your thunder from next week but is there any kind of more specific target you can give for operating margins next year.
Jawad Ahsan: So that's absolutely something that we are going to discuss next week. I can tell you though that what I -- as Rick mentioned we are making this shift to profitability and we are going to be also Rick mentioned incentivizing our executive team and frankly all of our employees to be driving towards profitability.
Mark Strouse: Got it. And if I can just sneak in one more if I can. Rick just your high level thoughts coming out of IACP on the competitive landscape, people getting more aggressive and the competitors exceeding and then your latest thoughts on where you see Axon's market share in the domestic body cam space. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yes. I mean we feel really good about coming out of this. We are continuing to see lots of win backs. We are having discussions with some senior team customers that have gone on different platforms and are really struggling and they are hearing really positive things from the people who run at our platform. I was particularly delighted at the feedback on Axon fleet that product took us a little longer to get market that we initially we expected. I think we tried got on previous call, the complexity of immigrating into wireless networks and all the hardware in the patrol cars turned out to be big a little lift when we first launched that product. But I was just delighted at the positive feedback, every chief I talked to who had Axon fleet was telling me that they were just sort of blown away by the experience, the sort of connected nature of the cloud in their car was really compelling, the light weight hardware approach that we had taken it makes it easy to maintain, as well as giving really great feedback on the overall experience with our customer service staff we got to build sort of new function of people to be handling the customer installs and professional services related to that. So that I think felt a really good, we feel well position in the in car space. I had a great meeting with lot of state police colonels; they are very interested in our product. Then I think we are continuing to see a lot of customer excited around our AI strategy. A year ago we sort of announced going into record management with the idea that really video records and text records should end up in one system and ultimately the text record should be meta data that's extracted from the video record. And we made a lot of progress towards that with the build out of our AI capabilities in our team. So I think that is really resonating at a number of customers coming back and frankly tell us they selected us for their body camera vendor because they believe that vision is the right one that's much bigger than camera, so this is about a new whole new way to collecting and analyze information. So I think it was really solid show for us and we are feeling I mean better than ever about the overall competitive positioning.
Operator: Our next question comes Steve Dyer of Craig Hallum. Your line is open
Steve Dyer: Thanks for taking my question. On the software and services side even if I exclude the one time hits in the quarter for severance revenue, gross margin was still down year-over-year which sort of seems kind of intuitive given the bigger installed base now. Any other color you can add us to why that would be?
Rick Smith : Yes. I think there is two items. And one we had a big shipment on one of this older contract from last year internationally that just really not high margins particularly the way the contingent hardware is handled so those things were at significant negative margin actually the way they accounted for and then there was fleet. The fleet hardware was sort of some of our initial pricing which is more aggressive and as Jawad pointed out early on there were some confusions with some of our customers about supporting hardware that they might need such as in-car routers et cetera and we made the call in some cases we provided at our cost some of combinations to those customers and that we think that's the right-- most important thing when you are entering new market space is make sure your first customer is have a great experience and so in that case we determine the right thing to do was to ease the cost and get off on a greater advantage. I think that was the right call but it did impact the quarter adversely. Though we got pretty good deals on that we should see continued improvement in fleet although fleet relative to body cameras is going to -- that we are in still sort of market introduction phase there so the margin and fleet will be less favorable than they are in body camera. I think it especially started in Q1, we expect to see overall net improvements so they are significant particularly in the body camera segment. And then fleet will improve relative to its performance last quarter. But we will provide more detail on that in the future.
Steve Dyer: Great. And that sort of ducktails into our -- my next question. Just you talked about 2018 being a transition year more focused on profitability in the body camera market. Is that -- should I take that to mean the same thing as software and services or is that sort of deliberate distinction where there might not be as much profitability on that overall segment of the business?
Jawad Ahsan : You are good. Yes, I mean we are being very specific that body cameras are entering the profitability base. We do see that the overall software and sensors segment, at least what we have traditionally had in the software and sensors will be improving not only due to margin on hardware but also we will be launching some premium software services that are only possibly now that we build the network. It's going to help raise ARPU and those should be high margin services. The effect of fleet because of that using your product with lower gross margin will sort of counteract that a bit, the question comes out is how successful fleet is relative to body cameras. And that remains to be seen. Ultimately we've run the long term model on fleet; it is going to be very profitable segment for us. But we did -- when we call out that specifically as we think about these different segments, each of them are going to show their own S curve and they are on lifecycle and we are just calling it out now that very deliberately we think we had a hit a point now where body camera it is high on shift toward profitability.
Rick Smith : Steve, I want to clarify that this is also we are talking profitability in the body camera segment and we are making investment in other areas but at a enterprise level we are absolutely looking to drive leverage.
Steve Dyer: Right. I guess maybe relative to Mark's earlier question, I mean is it fair to expect improved operating margins next year at least directionally?
Rick Smith : Yes.
Steve Dyer: Okay. A quick housekeeping one Jawad and then I'll jump back in queue. The new effective rate is obviously a plus. When is that effective and I don't even know what that will be? Your tax rate is jumps around so much I mean how are you thinking about that in terms of modeling?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So it has jumped around a bit and we had a little bit of noise with that accounting change relative to equity this year but the headline point for us was that we simplified our tax structure that took effect in October and so we would expect that in Q4 you should start to see it come down. So at this point-- so it's hard to estimate what the impact is going to be from any of new equity tax changes but we are anticipating it will be south of 40%.
Steve Dyer: Okay, got it. I'll hope back in queue. Thank you.
Rick Smith: One thing I'd like to jump in adds is just Jawad only been here for a few months and the impact on the organization has been pretty significant. Right of the gate he identified our international tax strategy was not optimal and moved aggressively to rectify it. And to have that completed a few months into job I think was a pretty big accomplishment. I mean that took a lot of work of booking accounting and legal to figure strategy, implement and execute. And then frankly bringing Jim Zito in .over in accounting, Jawad moved aggressively there as well. So let you -- we know we have not been great at forecasting our expenses and that we really need more rigor in our financial systems here -- also the material weaknesses are not something that are acceptable going forward. And I have been very pleased to see Jawad brought in, known people he has worked with in the team at E&Y, he has been I think pretty awesome as well to make sure that we move aggressively to get all leasing dialed in so they are behind us as we move into 2018.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin of Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Hi, guys. I want to come back to the hardware margins and think about -- you mentioned that fleet was about 10% of bookings in this quarter and I am guessing that it's probably going to be even larger portion moving forward but you know that you expect hardware margins to return to the 25% level as we enter 2018 but you also know that excluding fleet. So from the perspective of what -- given the difficulties that you had with gross margins this year and the underperformance on that. Should we -- what type of level should we be assuming that the Axon fleet gross margins are going to look like? I mean is this going to be selling at kind of negative 5%, negative 10% gross margin or how much of an impact could that have on next year's gross margin overall.
Rick Smith: I think the question would probably better answered at our Investor Day where we are going go through a little bit more detail both between 2018 and the long term
Jawad Ahsan: Also I wanted to clarify Jeremy that we said excluding fleet pass through hardware not excluding fleet in its entirety. So they are component of the deal which are third party pass through and that's where we are excluding.
Rick Smith: Just putting more color there we got in your discussions there is elements like routers and servers that are frankly sort of commodity items where we've gone through the debate do we have our customers go buy those independently rather than having a significant portion of pass through at very low margin and ultimately we made the decision that we need to make it easy for our customers that's more important than trying to optimize the margins and how they look on our income statement. So we think that's right call. We also I think understand it better but a lot of the deals through this quarter were early deals where we didn't have a great handle on that. And so there are lot more accommodations that we expect to make in a future.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes, now that's helpful. I think what I am -- the heart of my question is there is -- that they had really, really difficult time forecasting gross margin this year including this last quarter when you expected them to sequentially be up from Q2 and yet they were down significantly from Q2. So what I am really trying to get at is thinking ahead to next year and forecast in next year it sounds like there will be some improvement but maybe not that much of an improvement.
Luke Larson: Yes. This is Luke here. I mean with these new products it's difficult to know exactly what the core cost is going to be. We owned that. We are trying to communicate that in such way where we can get more confidence in the products that have more maturity. With fleet we are very confident in the long term. With the storage we just had the largest data migration in history and it was hard for all of the parties involved to understand what are all the components of that transfer would be. And we did not have accurate visibility on that. And therefore we couldn't forecast it. That something that's now behind us. At the Investor Day we are going to sign up for bottom line growth over the next three years and we feel really confident about it. We are putting both annual as well as long term performance act in place for key leaders to hit those targets.
Jeremy Hamblin: No, I understand that Luke. And just to be fair even I add back the three times that were called out in your summary release. You still have gross margins that would have been just under 60%. So I am just trying to wrap my head around thinking is maybe kind of low 60s a better baseline to be thinking about rather than historically the company has been in the 63%, 64%, 65% range. And I just want expectations to be set appropriately.
Jawad Ahsan : So with something like fleet as we talked about it's tough to know what that pricing is going to do in the early stages. And as we shift that hardware there is going to be given the accounting rules, it is going to be some compression in the upfront margin but we are confident that over time these deals are going to be accretive to our margins and you may not see that effect immediately but again over time we do -- we are confident that that's going to be accretive.
Rick Smith: And just the silver lining on this fleet will be largely incremental to the existing business so it will be adding gross margin dollars even if a percentage rate may not be as high as the average segment so more the fleet we are adding the more gross margin dollars we will have in the business which is not maybe the same margin percentage.
Jeremy Hamblin: Let me move on to operating expenses which also came in higher than forecast. In terms of -- I just wanted to clarify the guidance for the fourth quarter is $53 million $54.5 million, is that or do we need to back out the recurring amortization expense for the Australian distributor. I mean since it's recurring I am assuming that's inclusive of your guidance. But I want to just pin down the range. $53 million to $54.5 million.
Jawad Ahsan: That's correct, it includes --
Jeremy Hamblin: And does that include any cost related to the free camera trial?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes.
Jeremy Hamblin: It does, okay, great. So let me transition to something that was a very strong positive. On your Evidence.com revenues it looks like they were up about $3.5 million sequentially to about $16 million. In terms of what drove that growth - how much did your active paying licenses increase in Q3.
Rick Smith: I am not sure I understand the question.
Jeremy Hamblin: Your Evidence.com service revenues right they occurred to roughly $16 million in the quarter. My question is how many active paying licenses, what was the increase in active paying licenses in the quarter. Paying licenses not the booking.
Jawad Ahsan: 17000 domestic
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, great. And then thinking into Q4, is there going to be a similar type of growth in terms of the number of licenses turned on or how should we be thinking about that.
Jawad Ahsan : Yes. We would expect to be roughly in line of that same growth rate.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, great, thanks guys for taking --
Rick Smith: One thing I am going to add there is just to punctuate this 2018 I think will be the first year that you start to see us adding additional up sales services that would tend to go back and the uplifting some of those existing fees to some of the additional services we are launching. So historically our primary focus has been on growing the size of the network. We are certainly going to be continuing to do that but some of the things we are doing with AI et cetera there is an opportunity to go back and increase revenue for existing customers.
Jeremy Hamblin: Yes. While you are already growing a pretty nicely on the service revenue side. So we look forward to continue growth and thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Godfrey of CL King. Your line is open
George Godfrey: Thank you and thank you for taking my question. So just to be clear on the Q4 so given the revenue growth on full year 25% and the OpEx so operating income should be a loss of about $2.5 million is what I am getting. Maybe a little bit more.
Jawad Ahsan: So I think we are not going to give guidance specific guidance on operating margins for next quarter. What I can tell you that first of all we acknowledge that we got an opportunity to better at our forecasting and so we are -- and I owned that right. That's part of what we are doing with the building out the team and ensuring our capabilities. And so we are trying to -- we want to give guidance that we felt we could hit for Q4 as far as operating expenses. The other thing which shouldn't be lost in the comments we've given you is that we are bringing additional expense rigor and it is absolutely our intention to call back as much as of the increase as we can. And we are not going to give any specific guidance relative to that. But it is our intention to get Q4 as close to Q3 as we can.
Rick Smith: Yes. And I would just highlight I think Jawad shown a lot of leadership here. This is a tough call for a new CFO to come in and say I want to add expense structure to get ready for the 606 change as well as remediate the material weakness and we could choose not to make those investments but we feel strongly and supporting that we enter into 2018 prepared for 606 as well as have this restructuring with our international entity in addition to really having a handle on these material weaknesses., and so Jawad made a strong push to come in and say let's bring in the right consultants, E&Y to get this done. And there is a cost to that and so I am supportive of that and I think we really believe this is the right investment for the company.
George Godfrey: I appreciate all that I am just trying to understand what the impact of these financial implications is in Q4 and where they are going to go over the next three years. What I was getting at is if we start at margin of minus 3 and will go back to the Investor Day a target margin of 30% and we take a three year timeframe and I realized they are probably won't work on a linear basis but that's 12 quarters of adding 300 basis points of operating margin per quarter. So my question is, are we resetting base expectations relative to where we were a year and half ago or just the 350,000 seats you are looking just Axon gets to that steady state 200% margin or these -- or those figures and number that we talked about a year ago, do they need to be reset?
Rick Smith : Yes. So we are obviously going to be resetting the forward looking models in just a few days. So rather than getting into some of the details here I would tell you just in general we are really - -we are not optimizing for EPS in the fourth quarter. We are optimizing of a very solid 2018 and a predictable trajectory towards high profitable business over the next three years. And we know that our -- it is not surprised nor shock anybody in this call our ability to actually be forecast expenses in the street is not going to be bright spot for us. And Jawad has committed that those days will be behind us as we roll into next year. So he is got a team that's really focus on it and we are going to improve our performance there.
Operator: Our next question comes from [Glen Madsen of Ladenburg Diamond] your line is open
Glen Madsen: Yes, thanks for taking the question. And just on the weapons little better than I expected. Can you talk about what drove that? There was one large deal that you called out, I might have missed that and I am just looking at the units. It doesn't look like there was any unit growth between X26 and X2; the decline in one offset the gain in the other. So what drove your revenue growth and maybe a lot of it attributed to cartridges as there is no growth in weapons. Can you give us idea why cartridges are growing fast?
Rick Smith: Yes. So couple of things. There were some big federal orders. The approval of TASER in the UK, in United Kingdom, Jawad, how many cartridges do they typically use in training for TASER, it's significantly higher than the US.
Jawad Ahsan: 15 to 20 per officer per year
Rick Smith: So right there the expansion of TASER in the UK that's significantly more cartridges they consume in training than our typical US customer. Then they are also launching LASER 60 in the UK is also have been helpful and helping them to sort of drive growth in bundle cartridges into service plan.
Glen Madsen: Sorry Rick what was the number on the cartridges?
Rick Smith: Jawad?
Jawad Ahsan: 15 to 20 cartridges per officer per year between training and --
Glen Madsen: Versus from what I remember in the US it was like 3 to 5 or something wasn't it?
Rick Smith: Yes, that's accurate.
Glen: And that's sustainable. I mean if they train everyone after a while they will stop using them at that rate or is that I mean it seems like --
Rick Smith: It's completely sustainable so much so that most of our UK customers are committing to TASER 60 premium which builds in that number of cartridges every year and so that's -- it's going to turn that way here now in UK specifically. It's something they are particularly proud of I'll tell you in the UK. If you talk to UK policing that they believe that they are making the proper investment in weapon handling and weapon training and it's we don't see that going way they would get other countries and that may have more misuse issues and they believe part of the reason they've got lesser than in UK is the extensive training they do.
Glen Madsen: Next question on you said international large beachhead accounts margins also, was that in video and could you give us more color on what you are talking about the new countries that we haven't heard about before or just a little color there Rick?
Rick Smith: No, again we don't like to give too much specific details but this is one very large customer that we signed last year. It was important flagship customer that opens international market for us and we shift a lot of cameras on that order.
Glen Madsen: Okay, great. And then one last point someone asked couple of questions ago about the video service sales growing sequentially but there was a one time catch up in that right. There was $2.5 million catch up or something. $2.5 million catch up.
Jawad Ahsan: That's right. $2 million catch up.
Operator: Our next question comes from Allen Klee of Sidoti. Your line is open
Allen Klee: Yes, hi. Two questions just clarifying some stuff you mentioned. First for going forward for fleet gross margins for new sales, can you give us a sense of what type of range that gross margin would be? And then -- probably well I will just start with that.
Rick Smith: Yes. I don't think we are prepared to release that number here today.
Allen Klee: Okay. And then for that - you said that you are going to add profitability metric to management compensation. Could you just tell us what profitability metric that would be?
Luke Larson: Yes. So the way we that we calculate our bonus plan is we have annual set of metric for the entire company is pay down and we are going to have one of the key metrics be tied to EBITDA and then for key executives we do long term three years performance [RQ] that will also be tied to EBITDA and next at the Analyst Day Investor conference we are going to lay out the plan for three year growth on the top line and the bottom line and we will kind be showing some targets that we are aiming at that we believe this incentive plan will align.
Jawad Ahsan: I actually want just to highlight something here so what you can takeaway from this is that we don't have any of those profitability metrics in our compensation today. They have all that historically we focused on top line growth and that's exactly what the organization delivered. It's the system is working really well to do what it was designed to do. And now with the shift this pivot towards profitability we are fully expecting that we are going to execute on exactly the same thing and gain profitability. And so I think -- I point to our execution on our top line growth over the past few years as a proof point and more near term there were some concerns recently about inventory but we've executed on that and we are very much trending towards the guidance that we gave by year end, we will also have a line of cash flow. So I think the team has got a track record of executing and when we introduce profitability into our compensation metrics and I am fully expecting that you are going to start see manifest itself in the P&L.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from Steve Dyer of Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open
Steve Dyer: Thanks. Just a couple of follow up. I guess directionally Jawad the puts and takes of 606 in your business I mean are there any obvious swing that we should be thinking about. I mean I have some familiarity with it. But as you look at what's gotten to be a fairly complex P&L. What's your sort of US puts and takes and opportunities here?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, good question. So on an overall level we are not expecting 606 to have a huge impact on the business. But there is a lot of complexity in our revenue recognition and when we talked about as far as modifying or standardizing our contract language would in effect mimic the effect of 606 which will allow us to accelerate the revenue on hardware components that are delivered upfront. And there is really no other meaningful impact other than that we are expecting.
Steve Dyer: So just to be really clear we expect to see hardware margins improves significantly based on 606 although there is going to be some other pressure, the other direction from fleet being at lower margin hardware product and --
Jawad Ahsan: That exactly right.
Steve Dyer: Okay, got it. And then I guess just bigger picture as it relates to operating expenses. I think one of the hard things about kind of giving operating leverage is there is always something new or really interesting new opportunity to invest in which sort of keeps it from -- keeps you guys from really optimizing the model. I think you will sound likes you will layout some bullies next week. But just in terms of the OpEx spend et cetera is there anyway you think about or you are willing to sort of take a stab at what you are guys are spending on a quarterly or annual basis on non revenue producing products or services? Because I mean the growth has been great and it's obviously important to see that pipeline but I think it would help investors a lot to know sort of what's going in the managing business and what's going into three years from those revenue.
Luke Larson : Yes. That's a great question, Steve. Currently we think about our business in four key value stream, TASER, our digital evidence management and body-worn camera business have include ancillary product like Axon Signal, we got Axon fleet and then we have RMS. We will at our Investor Day talk about how we are thinking about signaling, how we are having dents in the body camera business contribute to the bottom line. One metric that we are discussing is showing percentage of our R&D invested on net new products. So great question, we will have more to talk about at the Investor Day and how we are thinking about that.
Operator: Our next question is a follow up from George Godfrey of CL King. Your line is open
George Godfrey: Thank you. Just two quick ones I hope. Headcount at the end of the quarter?
Jawad Ahsan: We will get that. I don't have it on hand.
George Godfrey: Okay. And then just directionally and now that we will be lapping TASER 60 program, is working capital likely to be a drain or generator of cash in 2018?
Rick Smith: I would say that we are going to -- we are in this transition right now to the subscription model. Where historically we've been actually selling more booking shift and so you are going to see an impact on working capital but as our top line continues to grow I would expect that to normalize.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Mr. Smith for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Very good. So thanks everybody for joining us today. Obviously we are delighted with the top line growth that we experienced in the quarter. And we know we got some work to chop we got on expense issues. We've got some short term expenditures that we are making to really shore up our finance function. We are confident that we are in the right rigor in place so that we can improve more dramatically on both the top and bottom line as we roll out into 2018 and beyond. We look forward to giving you guys more details on that plan. Hope to see you all in New York. Thanks. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Rick Smith - CEO and Founder Jawad Ahsan - CFO Arvind Bobra - Director, Finance
Analysts: Mark Strouse - JP Morgan Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company George Godfrey - CL King Saliq Khan - Imperial Capital Allen Klee - Sidoti
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Axon Enterprise Q2 2017 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, President of Axon, Mr. Luke Larson. You may begin, sir.
Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Axon’s Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Joining on today’s call from management are Rick Smith, CEO and Founder; Jawad Ahsan, CFO. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance, to read the safe harbor statement.
Arvind Bobra: Thanks, Luke. Our earnings are available on the SEC website and our Investor Relations site. The identical release contained in the 8-K will be crossing the wire momentarily. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. Please note that the earnings release as well as supplemental materials, including our key operating metrics, are available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We will follow the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise.  These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail on our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption, Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as other SEC filings on our website, www.axon.com. With that, I will now hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Arvind, and good afternoon, everyone. We just finished our first quarter since rebranding the company as Axon, and our recent results underscore the timeliness of our name change. I am thrilled to report record Axon bookings of $82 million for the second quarter, approaching $10 million higher than any other prior period. And future contracted revenue continues to grow. At $446 million, we’re rapidly approaching the $0.5 billion mark. Our record bookings reinforce our strategic direction and validate our innovation leadership. We continue to consolidate and win market share because we’re make compelling solutions for our customers. And while we welcome the signing of large customers, the increase in bookings in the second quarter came from a diverse group of agencies. This speaks to the quality of our expanding technologies and the trust that law enforcement officers have for us across the board, that also leads to greater predictability in our performance over the long term as we generate recurring revenues from a larger and growing customer base. The quarter was very strong, but we’re just getting started. Our pipeline of new product offerings has never been better, and we continue to expand our international footprint. Our in car Fleet offering, which began shipping in the second quarter, and our international bookings combined represented less than 10% of total bookings in the period. As we continue to receive very positive feedback from Axon Fleet, we expect our solution will gain wide adoption and become a larger contributor to both bookings and in turn, revenue. Once again, this quarter, for agencies which added Fleet to their orders, we saw annual contract value per user was approximately double our average. Early feedback from customers has been encouraging, and one customer that reached out, saying, I’m so confident in Axon, their product and their people, I’d be more than willing to host additional agencies here, so incumbency, Axon Fleet themselves. We had two very significant win backs of agencies who had previously deployed a competing body camera solution. After extensive testing and evaluation, Alameda County, one of the major county sheriffs’ offices, converted over 1,200 officers over onto the Axon network. And Boulder, Colorado deployed 200 Axon Body 2 cameras as well as 50 Fleet vehicles. Our cloud connected in-car view system is one more integrated capability that increases the total value of the Axon network and our ecosystem for our customers. While international accounted for a small portion of bookings in the quarter, we continue to gain traction in our target markets that should lead to increased bookings in the next few quarters. Law enforcement agencies across the world, which tend to be larger and more centralized than domestic agencies, are beginning to recognize the challenges associated with organizing and analyzing a massive influx of digital evidence. This provides us with a clear and compelling opportunity for our products just as it does in our domestic markets. As we expand to new geographies, we will continue to put the right people in place to grow the Axon network abroad. I am particularly excited about some of the great work our team in Australia is doing and the traction we have on a variety of opportunities across the country. One key customer, the Queensland Police Service, has been studying the use of Axon solutions in domestic violence. With over 21,000 domestic violence-related files now in EVIDENCE.com, they have seen a 22% increase in reported assaults, coupled with a 60% to 70% decrease in police summary hearings, meaning offenders are taking pleas rather than going to court in light of strong video evidence. This ensures more fair and efficient pursuit of justice in these cases. And as a result, Queensland recently expanded the number of Axon cameras and licenses from 2,700 to 5,000 starting earlier this summer. Queensland took appropriate pride in announcing that this is the largest rollout of body cameras in Australia and the third largest in the world. Turning to product pipeline. One of our new technologies, it is particularly timely given some recent events, is the Signal Sidearm, which we announced earlier this year. Signal Sidearm is a wireless technology that alerts body cameras when a firearm is removed from an officer’s holster. Our solution is unique in that it wirelessly alerts every camera within a range of about 30 feet and is compatible with existing holsters. When law enforcement officers must draw a weapon, the last thing they should worry about is their technology. The Axon network gives officers the confidence they need to focus on the work they do. It also assures the public that transparency isn’t limited to certain situations. Considering some of these recent events, Signal Sidearm is needed now more than ever and releasing this product is imperative to allow our Axon cameras to capture escalated encounters. It is also an important step in extending the reach of the Axon network to connect to other devices. Signal Sidearm is in trial now and will be ready to ship later this year. Sheriff Leon Lott of Richland County commented to CNN that he’s very excited about this new capability, which will provide a new level of transparency to his agencies. Our technological innovation is central to the work we do, and just as our team at Axon works diligently to develop cutting edge products for law enforcement, we work with the same measure to protect what we have built. We aggressively defend our innovative technologies and reject any efforts of competitors to trade on our goodwill and reputation for quality. We have a proven track record in litigating these cases of patent infringement against infringers, and we regard a recent injunction in July against a competitor as a huge success. We shut down the third consecutive infringer. We believe we’re also well positioned as it relates to outstanding litigation regarding Video IP. We felt it’s important to make our position clear as we are seeing what we believe are some misrepresentations perpetrated by others on the public domain. In terms of our national free trial offer, the program continues to be a success. We’ve had over 1,500 customer inquiries about the offer, and it’s serving to restart or accelerate discussions with agencies across the country. We currently have many trials in place. And additionally, as customers learn more about our connected solutions, several of them have decided to bypass the trial process and proceed straight into procurement. This, again, is telling us how compelling our offering is for the needs of our customers. And we’ve been so pleased with the outcome of trial here in the United States that we’ve extended the offer to all law enforcement agencies in Canada. We’re now more than halfway through 2017, and I’m excited for the road ahead, from our bookings, to our free trial, to our exciting new technology solutions, we have tremendous momentum moving forward. I remain excited about the opportunity in our domestic and international weapons businesses. There’s so much more to come as we introduce new hardware product, develop record management systems and release our artificial intelligence capabilities. And with that, I’m now going to hand over to Luke Larson to go through the operational update.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We had an exceptional bookings quarter and strong revenue this quarter. I’m proud to share the highlights of our accomplishments. Bookings on our Axon platform were $81.9 million in the second quarter, an increase of 14% compared to the second quarter of 2016 and an increase of 36% sequentially. As Rick mentioned, this is a record for the company and speaks to the increased demand for the multiple capability sets we are offering on the Axon network. Annual recurring revenue in the second quarter was $54.7 million, including the contribution from international customers, an increase of 18% sequentially and 159% over the prior year. In the second quarter, we booked approximately 20,600 incremental new seats on our Axon platform. That brings our cumulative total booked seats to 169,000 since inception and represents 14% growth sequentially. Operating income for the TASER Weapons segment was $17.6 million at a 33.2% margin in the second quarter of 2017, up $15.1 million at a similar margin in the prior year quarter. The increase was driven by a 10% increase in weapons units and a 40% increase in cartridge units, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses. The ratio of lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the second quarter was 5.4 times, up from the 4.3 times in the prior quarter on higher new booked seats. As a reminder, this ratio was calculated only including current product at current price levels. We strongly believe the true value of each customer will be significantly higher as we are able to add premium service tiers and new products. We had several notable bookings in Q2 as we continue to lead the market. We closed another major city that moved to full deployment of our body camera and EVIDENCE.com platform to over 4,000 patrol officers. We’re working with this agency on the announcement but wanted to make sure this was noted as contracted in Q2. This win is yet another example of the trust and confidence large cities have in our platform and solution. I’m particularly pleased with the incremental contribution Fleet provided to bookings this quarter. The Fleet bookings demonstrate how we are expanding our ecosystem through technology innovation. Additionally, this quarter, we won a small in-car Fleet deal with an incumbent competitor. In fact, we’ve won several recent deals from incumbents. In the top 1,200 agencies, we won 12 deals in the quarter away from competitors. In aggregate, these 12 deals represented over 4,000 new booked licenses. Displacing an incumbent provider is never an easy undertaking, however, the benefits of our work flows and technology leadership far outweigh the near-term inconvenience for these agencies. I’m very proud of these wins as they reaffirm our R&D efforts are well placed in generating strong returns. In June, we held our second annual Axon Accelerate conference, and it was an absolute success. We had over 600 attendees, and our customers were very excited about the solutions we’re bringing to market to meet their needs and pain points. The conference featured 47 interactive sessions with our customers and provided them with an opportunity to learn about our new offerings and provide a feedback. We surveyed conference attendees, who rated the event 4.7 on a scale of 1 to 5. We believe Accelerate will become a unique conference to help our customers adopt to rapidly accelerating technologies and also give us a chance to promote our new platforms. At the conference, we also previewed our Records Management System offering. Initial feedback on the solution and its intended capabilities has been very positive. Customers trust our vision and ability to execute, and several are willing to commit to us even though our solution won’t be available until next year. As a reminder, we are currently working with several partner agencies to develop and trial an early version of the product. Most important, we left Axon Accelerate with a high level of confidence that the value we are delivering to our clients is well established. In addition, the efforts we are making to extend our technology offerings are in the right areas for our customers and will translate into increased revenues over time. We have tremendous energy and momentum as we move forward, and I’m really excited about the strength of our team and the opportunities of our integrated solutions that we’re bringing to law enforcement. And now I’ll turn it over to our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Thanks, Luke. We’re coming off another strong quarter with great momentum in the business. Revenue in the second quarter was $79.6 million, a 36% increase from the prior year period. Year-over-year growth was driven by more than doubling in Software and Sensors segment revenue and a 16% increase in Weapons segment revenue. Software and Sensors segment revenue represented 33% of total revenue in the period. A $13.4 million year-over-year increase in Software and Sensors segment revenue to $26.6 million was attributable to a 161% increase in our Axon service revenue and a 66% increase in hardware revenue as we shipped over 36,000 cameras in the quarter. This quarter’s record camera unit volume was driven by filling Flex 2 backlog, shipments to international customers and contractual upgrades on customers who have hit the 2.5-year mark on their 5-year contracts. The second quarter also included $650,000 in catch-up service revenue previously held pending fulfillment of contractual terms or milestones. A $7.5 million or 16% year-over-year increase in Weapons segment revenue to $53 million was driven primarily by an increase in international revenue and a small increase in domestic revenue. International revenue growth was driven by our continued focus in our Tier 1 markets. Domestic weapons growth was limited as certain Q2 opportunities moved to Q3. Further, domestic weapons sold on our TASER 60 and OSP payment plans dropped to approximately 25% in the quarter or 35% in the 2017 first quarter. As a reminder, we recognize the full purchase price of the weapons upfront on these payment plans. Despite the lower contributions from these programs in the second quarter, we still grew our Weapons business in the period, with higher contribution from the TASER service plans moving forward. Total international revenues in the second quarter increased $6.9 million or 105% from prior year to $13.4 million. The growth was driven primarily by an increase in Weapons revenue as well as an increase in Video hardware and service revenue. [Indiscernible] our Smart X2 TASER Weapon in the United kingdom is limited compared to the 2017 first quarter for the longer-term opportunity in the U.K. and [Indiscernible]  Annual recurring revenue, which captures the growth of our subscription based business, at the end of the second quarter was $54.4 million, representing an 18% or $8.5 million growth sequentially as we converted approximately 17,500 domestic seats to paid seats. However, we temporarily excluded the revenue in ARR from 4,500 seats in the quarter pending the contracts that we expect to complete later this year. [Indiscernible] addition of international seats in ARR this quarter. [Indiscernible] $81.9 million were up 14% in the prior year. This represents a $10 million increase from the 2016 second quarter bookings. As a reminder, the year-ago quarter included the $20.5 million LAPD win. This further underscores the strength of the recent quarter’s record bookings which weren’t reliant on any one large order. Fleet bookings made an incremental contribution but still represented a small percent of total bookings. As we look back to the second half of the year, we have considerable bookings momentum across the domestic and international body worn camera markets as well as our Fleet offering. It’s important to note that our bookings number includes contract renewals, which will become a larger contributor in the coming quarters. The incremental booked seats we provide in our supplemental materials are intended to be net of renewals and upgrades. Total deferred revenue increased by $8.6 million sequentially to $100.2 million. Over 80% of our domestic Video hardware contracts include the TASER insurance claim feature under which customers prepay for their future camera upgrades. Software and Sensors segment deferred hardware revenue or customer prepayments for future camera and dock upgrades represents $21.8 million of the total deferred revenue balance. These future hardware upgrades will have a lower implied discount in the initial camera purchase and as such, will flow through the P&L at a higher average selling price. Gross margins in the second quarter were 57.3% on a consolidated basis. Weapons segment gross margin remains relatively consistent at 69.7%. In the Software and Sensors segment, we were unfavorably impacted by several items, leading to a 32.7% margin in the quarter. Software and Sensors hardware margins were lower due to shipments on certain multiyear contracts with heavily discounted upfront cameras and docks. We are modifying new contracts to limit discounts on upfront cameras and docks and the allocation of revenue to contingent hardware, which is recognized over the life of the contract rather than when hardware is delivered. In Q3, we will still be shipping on some of the older contracts and expect to see some hardware gross margin improvement in Q3 and more improvement in Q4. This change partially accelerates the hardware gross margin improvement we expected in Q1 2018 under the new 606 accounting guideline to the second half of 2017. Software and Sensors hardware gross margin was further impacted by nonrecurring costs related to higher scrap rates on the new Flex 2 camera due to supplier related issues during launch, which have now been resolved. Software and Sensors gross margin was 70% and was unfavorably impacted by $600,000 of costs related to the previously disclosed migration from Amazon Web Services to Microsoft Azure’s government cloud. We expect to complete migration by the end of the third quarter but will still incur an additional $750,000 of migration costs in the third quarter. Consistent with our comments on last quarter’s call, we expect Software and Sensors hardware margin in excess of 25% by Q4 and service margins in excess of 75%. At those margin levels, our Software and Sensors gross profit in this quarter would have been $4.3 million or 50% higher. Total operating expenses in the quarter increased 3.5%, coming in favorable to our estimate of a 4% to 6% sequential increase. SG&A costs increased 3.1%, primarily due to increased headcount cost related to our Axon Accelerate conference and our rebranding. Research and development expenses increased 4.2%, primarily due to our investment in Records Management Systems and advanced artificial intelligence capabilities. Other income of $1.7 million consisted of a $1.3 million gain related to foreign currency, transaction adjustment and interest income, which includes interest on the TASER 60 program. Income tax expense in the second quarter was $232,000 for an effective tax rate of 9%. We had a favorable $400,000 discrete tax benefit associated with the gains related to stock-based compensation. This gain was driven by a change in accounting guidelines this year. Excluding this discrete item, our earnings per share would have been $0.03 compared to our reported EPS of $0.04. Our normalized tax rate for the year, excluding benefit associated with gains related to stock-based compensation, is expected to be approximately 40% for the year. Total inventory in the quarter increased to $60.7 million, a $12 million increase from the first quarter. Our inventory growth in recent quarters was driven by several factors: first, to support the potential high demand for dock cameras and docks for the national free trial program; second, to support our significant increase in the volume across our products, including cameras, weapons and cartridges; third, we’ve increased our inventory to improve customer fulfillment types; lastly, we’re in the process of simplifying our international tax strategy, which has required us to carry two full sets of inventory. We have a plan in place to significantly reduce our inventory balance over the next 6 months. We’ve set a target to be below $50 million of inventory by the end of the year, with further reduction in 2018. Turning to the third quarter. We expect revenue growth of approximately 15% year-over-year and continue to expect full year revenue growth to slightly exceed our 15% to 20% target range. We anticipate a 4% to 6% sequential increase in operating expenses in the third quarter as we continue to invest in R&D initiatives, add customer-facing roles and expand into new international markets. We could see a slight variance on either end of this range based on the timing of hires and some anticipated expenses within the quarter. This increase does not include expenses related to the national free trial offer. While the offer has generated significant traction, as Rick had mentioned, many of the customers who are getting deep into understanding how our solutions work are choosing to move straight to procurement. For those who are arranging trials, we typically see larger agencies wanting to test a limited number of cameras rather than for every officer. We view this as a very positive outcome that will result in a lower-than-expected cost in the back half of the year. We now expect to have $2.5 million of expense in the back half of the year versus our prior estimate of $5 million. We expect margin improvement sequentially in Q3 2017 from Q2 as we incur fewer nonrecurring camera hardware costs, improve hardware pricing, increase Weapons revenue and add users to the Axon platform. Our margin improvement will be partially offset by expenses related to the national free trial offer. And with that, we’re now going to move into the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mark Strouse of JP Morgan.
Mark Strouse: So congrats on the revenue and the bookings. I think we wanted to just dig into the cash flow statement though, if we can, to start. So cash from operations, you’ve been burning cash for the last 2 or 3 quarters now. Balance sheet is still in very good shape. But just kind of wondering if you foresee any need for a capital raise anytime in the near future?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, just to reiterate. Our biggest use of cash has been our increase in inventory. As we mentioned, we’ve got a plan in place to take that tax to a normalized level by the end of the year. Excluding inventory build, our cash from operations has been positive. [indiscernible] meaning our [indiscernible] potential builds [indiscernible] to provide any additional temporary liquidity in the business, we do have facilities available to us [indiscernible] that would be reduction in inventory by the end of the year that we will need to draw on those facilities.
Mark Strouse: Okay. And then with some of the future investments in RMS and AI, I’m just wondering if you have any updated comments around timing of when initial deployments of that technology could begin and when we should expect that to become more material.
Rick Smith: This is Rick, and I’ll take that one. We expect that we will be starting to field trials late this year. We’ll likely be making some announcements at the IACP Conference in October about some specific products related to some of these capabilities, and we expect, in 2018, that we’ll start to see revenue contribution.
Mark Strouse: Okay. And then just lastly, Rick, you mentioned on the Video IP lawsuits that are out there, you have one company, I don’t know, several companies may be misrepresenting the case. I’m just kind of wondering if you can give a bit more detail on your view of how this all plays out.
Rick Smith: Sure, yes. As you’ve seen, we’ve got a -- a competitor puts out press releases on just about every minor ruling in the case. Obviously, it’s going to be a complex case. We believe there’s very strong prior art to these patents. Some of the evidence is in the form of prior patents and filings that we presented at the patent office, which should be noted, they’ve accepted one of our 2 challenges. And that challenge will proceed to hearing in February on the first patent. Additional evidence, particularly related to public disclosure of our own inventions and marketing of this technology at least 3 years prior to Digital Ally’s patent filing, will be presented at the appropriate time in District Court. We also have strong arguments that our technology designs did not infringe these patents, so even if they somehow survive, what we see is very clear prior art that we’re presenting. We have strong arguments of non-infringement. And then finally, as with any thorough risk management plan, we’ve identified alternative technology pathways to achieve similar product value for our customers. So we believe we’re in a really pretty strong position.
Operator: And our next question comes from Steve Dyer with Craig-Hallum.
Steve Dyer: If I could dig in to operating expenses a little bit. It looks like about $25 million or so of operating expenses this quarter, on the software and segments business. As I talk to people who try to get a better read on the real profitability of the Video business, is there any way to kind of, I guess, estimate maybe what portion of that, particularly in R&D, is for projects that are not generating revenue, call it, this year?
Rick Smith: Arvind -- or I’m sorry, Jawad, why don’t you take that one?
Jawad Ahsan: So we are -- what we’re doing for you is continuing to invest in R&D initiatives and customer-facing roles to expand product offerings and geographic reach. We’re not disclosing the split of that business between the existing products in this still, but we are making, as you know, an investment in RMS in future products.
Rick Smith: Yes, the other thing that I would comment on, with our existing revenue streams that we have to market today, which is primarily around our body worn cameras and the digital evidence management system, we’ve got a long-term operating margin target with these net new technologies that we’re investing in, RMS, Records Management System, which will be a pure software play, it’s not going to have the storage cost or the associated hardware cost as well as artificial intelligence features. We expect these to have a lot higher operating margin that will bring up the total operating margin for the entire Axon segment.
Steve Dyer: Okay. Got it. And then, I guess, as it relates to gross margin, it sounds like the issue there has been hardware gross margin and the guidance there is for improvement. So is it safe to say, I guess, all things considered, that sort of near-term, Q2 will mark the operating margin trough for the business?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, we still feel that that’s the trough for the year.
Steve Dyer: Okay. Great. And then, I guess, a couple of housekeeping issues. One, as it relates to the inventory, working down the inventory through the end of the year, do you expect to have to write any of that down?
Jawad Ahsan: No. No. There may be some limited exposure, but the build is in primarily in high-volume items.
Steve Dyer: Okay. Great. And then lastly, I don’t if I know missed it, but the $1.7 million other income in the quarter, did you talk about what that was?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so $1.3 million of that, Steve, was related to a gain in foreign currency transaction adjustments.
Operator: And our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin with Dougherty & Company.
Jeremy Hamblin: I wanted to just get a little more involved with your international side of your business. I think you had indicated that was $13.4 million in this quarter. Not seeing as quite as much of a step-up maybe in that as we had expected as a total mix of your business. But Rick or Luke, can you give us a sense of where you expect that international mix of business to flow in the second half of the year? And then really, as we start to get into ‘18, we sense that you’re maybe on the cusp of some nice international wins. But could you speak more to that?
Rick Smith: So we don’t give specific guidance, particularly on these international deals. They tend to be large. I can tell you, we have some very large deals in the pipeline that it’s hard to tell whether they will close in the second half this year or into ‘18. I would say, overall, over the next 18-month horizon, we do expect international to be a growing contributor as a percentage.
Jeremy Hamblin: Is that something where you think that international mix could be over 20% though in the -- by the back half of ‘18?
Rick Smith: It’s certainly within the realm of possibility. But again, I’d -- a lot of it will just depend on some of these larger deals.
Jeremy Hamblin: And then in terms of some of the geographies you’re looking at, without getting specific, historically, you’ve been doing pretty well with the English-speaking countries. I know a big push has been to progress around that to some of the non-English-speaking countries. What kind of progress now with -- a new sales office in Europe opened up. What kind of progress are you making there?
Rick Smith: Yes, I think we’re feeling really good. We’ve got a solid team in most of the major Continental European countries now, and we’re engaged in customer -- meaningful customer conversations across pretty much all the major European countries at this point. We’ve also been expanding our presence in Australasia. We’ve added -- started to add some staff, not only in Australia, but up in Asia, and we’ll continue to make a few more investments there. We’ve also added some salespeople in Africa. I think we’re really sort of getting it dialed in. A few years ago, we really started to follow some of what we learned in the U.S., which was that, particularly for the Software and Sensors business, that we really had to have direct salespeople engaging with the customer because these are fairly sophisticated sales that are really kind of hard to accomplish through third parties. And we’ve seen that result play out in UK, in Australia, and we’ve followed that same model. And I think we’re seeing all but the same early indicators of success happening now in Continental Europe, and we’re, I’d say, even a little earlier in the process in some of the other Asian countries and in Africa. But we’re seeing a lot of the same sort of patterns that we saw early in the English-speaking countries, and we really have begun to internationalize both the product and the marketing. So we feel really good about those investments long-term.
Jeremy Hamblin: And then I want to come back to just the margin question and in getting the understanding of the guidance that I think had been put out there. I wanted to confirm, by Q4, was it -- was that when you’re expecting gross margins in the 75% range in Weapons and then back to 25% margins on Sensors and Software? Did I hear that correctly?
Rick Smith: Jawad, over to you. I believe that 75% was referenced to -- well, Jawad, you got it?
Jawad Ahsan: The 75% was for the service margins within the Software and Sensors segment, and the 25% was on the hardware margins in that segment.
Jeremy Hamblin: And then just thinking about the hardware in terms of giving us some confidence of working off that inventory. Does it -- should we have the sense that by the end of this year, that, that is fully resolved? Or is there still going to be some lingering issue heading into ‘18?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, this is a big focal point for me and for the leadership team, and we expect to have that resolved completely by the end of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from George Godfrey with CL King.
George Godfrey: Rick, could you give us a number of how many free cameras are out actively in the field right now...
Rick Smith: Yes, I don’t think we’ve disclosed that. I don’t think, for strategic reasons, that we’re planning to disclose that at this point.
George Godfrey: Okay. And I think you said some of them have moved right to procurement to go to a fixed model right after getting it. Is that -- did I get that right?
Rick Smith: Yes, what we’re seeing happen, so part of the reason for the inventory buildup was when we announced this program, we wanted to make sure we had sufficient inventory on hand to be able to fulfill on it. And what we have found is that the program was extremely successful from a public messaging standpoint. Remember, we bundled this together with the name change of the company, and it literally drove, I think, over 500 independent news articles that really helped get the message out about the name change and it really drove a lot of customer conversations. However, what we’ve seen is that customers, once they engage, in many cases, it’s as much work for them to do a free trial -- field trial as it is to go ahead and move into a procurement process. So it’s -- in many cases, it’s actually less total work for them maybe over the long haul if you just move into the procurement process rather than having a separate trial and then doing procurement later. So we have seen a good number of agencies that reach out to us as part of the field trial process, and then I think they just sort of -- they put it into their more standard procurement business process, which is great news. And then the other thing that’s caused us to draw down our expectation for inventory needed for this program is that the larger agencies that are looking for field trials are typically saying that they want to do a trial with a subset of officers, not necessarily take cameras for every officer in the agency. So again, our offer was compelling, and then it got their attention and they have engaged. But the net expense of the field trials are going to be significantly lower since they’re testing with subsets. The main thing for us is we just want to get them in the field trials or at least into in-depth procurement discussion. And in that respect, it’s really working quite well, and we do have some additional large agencies that had gone with competing solutions that are back at the table because of the field trial offer.
George Godfrey: Okay. So are you constrained either resource-constrained human capital, cameras or infrastructure to meet both the free demand as well as the paid demand?
Rick Smith: On the body cameras, no. I would say, on the Fleet cameras that we’re rolling out, some of the constraints around our ability to scale Fleet are that there is more installation and that’s a new product. So that portion of the business we are making, and that’s part of the other reason for some of the expense buildup, is to support the installation and customer support infrastructure for Fleet. But the body cameras, we have all that infrastructure in place so there really are -- there shouldn’t be any operating limitations to support the field trials and the ongoing business.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then my last question on the artificial intelligence side. Have any police departments come to and asked you to embed facial recognition software capabilities in the camera? And if so, would that require a new camera or a significant upgrade to the platform, or could that be an add-on feature to the installed base? And I’ll leave it there.
Rick Smith: Yes, great question. So there certainly is interest in artificial intelligence for facial recognition. As we talked about earlier, we believe that’s a very sensitive subject with the general public, and it’s one where both we and our customers need to move carefully to make sure that we’re doing this in a way that sort of respects privacy laws and general privacy rights in this country. So that’s an issue. We’re in the late stages forming an advisory panel on those ethics and privacy laws. The other piece I would tell you is, well, facial recognition technology is very promising. It’s a bit early, we believe, to be putting it out in cameras for real time identification, just the net error rates in facial recognition, even best-in-the-world cases, are still not at the level of reliability where you’d want to be feeding officers information on which they may make life and death decisions in the field.  So we -- as we look at this technology, there’s certainly customer interest, there’s issues we have to navigate around legal and ethics to make sure we get it right, and then there’s also making sure that we get to the right points of maturity of the technology. And so at this point, it’s not the limitation of the cameras per se. We have 1080p, high-definition recording capabilities. That’s plenty of resolution that is relative to the types of facial recognition technology that are out there today. But we’ve seen that there are less controversial, more mature and more high-value services that we can offer to our customers using AI that don’t carry some of the risks and baggage of facial recognition at this point in time.  So our team is really focused on some of those other areas at this point. But we do have -- facial recognition is something that we’re monitoring given all those other factors to find when that right product mix and timing would be.
Operator: And our next question comes from Saliq Khan with Imperial Capital.
Saliq Khan: Rick, you noted on roughly 1,500 customers for the trial program. How many of those trial customers are in the region which Axon is not in previously?
Rick Smith: I don’t necessarily have a good read on that. I mean, I would say, in terms of regions, we’re in all over the country. We have thousands of customers. We have 95% of U.S. law enforcement agencies using TASER Weapons. So in that respect, we’re pretty ubiquitous in the Axon camera and EVIDENCE.com. We also have -- we have customers in every region of the country, so I’d say I don’t know that there were necessarily new regions where we did not have a presence. We are seeing it sort of accelerate the conversation though, particularly in agencies that may be in the Northeast, where the Northeast has been perhaps a little slower, in some cases, to adopt a body camera technology.  So in that respect, I’d say it probably has helped the pickup and I’ve had some personal conversations with some large agencies in the Northeast that had previously expressed specific disinterest in body cameras that are now finding it worthy of some exploration.
Saliq Khan: Perfect. And I got just one further question, but I have a myriad, which is now that you’re more than halfway through the overall year, what is your outlook on the percentage of the trial users that could potentially become paying customers?
Rick Smith: Well, at this point, I would say most of the -- we’re only about a quarter into these trials. And what’s interesting, the smaller agencies are the ones who tend to make decisions relatively quickly, and it’s the smaller agencies where we’re seeing, I would say, a significant portion of those once they engage in a conversation are moving really more in towards a procurement than an extended trial. And then the larger agencies tend to move slower in general, so like a lot of the larger agencies are still gearing up for how they would do these trials. So it’s a bit of the bog out there, where the smaller guys are moving pretty quick and the bigger guys as sort of still getting moving because the -- for them, the limitation is less about the actual funding of the program, it’s more about the logistics and staffing and just sort of getting the program moving through a larger agency.
Luke Larson: Yes, and just -- so Rick addressed the timing on that. I would just comment on what we believe the percentage of customers that convert after a trial is very high. We haven’t lost a single agency where they’ve trialed over 100 cameras. And so we feel very confident when customers are trialing our product. Our head of sales like to say our competitor’s worst nightmare is the well-informed customer, and we feel really good about these trial programs and expect a high conversion rate.
Saliq Khan: And then I know you guys talked about this previously, but the bureaucratic process that is a part of this overall program of yours as well, has there been some sort of a hindrance to you and your ability to penetrate the marketplace? Or is there a way for you to be able to work around this and work with the agencies to continue to deepen the penetration level?
Rick Smith: So absolutely. You’ve hit the nail on the head. I would say, when we talk, where it’s been a number of years since the Ferguson, Missouri incident, and when we look at the penetration of body cameras in American policing, a lot of people say what’s the main obstacle, it really is just inertia. It’s getting these processes moving within these larger agencies. Just in -- and it just takes time, and you’ve got to identify advocates, you’re competing with other priorities. And in that respect, the national field trial, at least, is having the intended effect of where it’s getting that higher on their priority list as it’s creating a rationale for why they need to do this sooner than later and if there’s this opportunity over the course of the next year for them to have a no-charge field trial. So it’s helping, but I would say that still remains the number one -- our number one competitor is really inertia.
Operator: And our final question comes from Allen Klee with Sidoti. You may begin sir.
Allen Klee: In the Axon segment, you’ve given -- I’m sorry, you have a new name for now. The product and service gross margins going to 25% and 75% in the fourth quarter, how do you think about how that can improve in 2018?
Jawad Ahsan: So excluding -- we basically would have -- excluding nonrecurring items, we would have been at $4.3 million of profit or 50% higher. We still feel, for the long term, the guidance that we’ve given for that segment is 25% margins, which we -- or 20% margins, rather, which we feel is conservative. So without giving specific guidance, we do feel that there’s considerable upside.
Allen Klee:  And then for the tax rate for the quarter, can you explain -- it came in lower than I had modeled, and is there any reason why I should think that we should be using a lower tax rate going forward?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. This is very similar to the same phenomenon we experienced in the first quarter for the [indiscernible] for stock-based compensation that drove some favorability [indiscernible] quarter of $200,000. [Indiscernible] as stock price increases, you’re going to see favorability [indiscernible]. So we take it to use the -- some favorability, but at this point, we expect that our tax rate for the year, normalized, will be approximately 40%.
Allen Klee: Okay. Great. And then maybe just one last question, bigger picture. I know you’re spending to increase your total addressable market. But how do you think about balancing that with when you’re going to get operating leverage to basically that we can see the growth in the bottom line numbers? Is there any sense that, that needs to happen in a certain period of time or whatever color you can provide?
Jawad Ahsan: My perspective here is that there is [indiscernible] momentum in the business. And Rick [indiscernible] and get it for [indiscernible] his words in thinking of a long-term funnel. But what I don’t want to do is step on this great momentum. I think we should continue to invest in [indiscernible] to capitalize in the great momentum that we’re building. I wouldn’t put a horizon on when we would expect to see some margins improve. What we do know is that longer-term, we’re building a very profitable, sustainable [indiscernible] business to go with our profitable hardware business. And [indiscernible] horizon on it, but obviously, that’s something that we’re very mindful of, that we want to do this in a way that’s accretive.
Operator: And that concludes our Q&A session for today. I would now turn the call back over to Mr. Smith for closing remarks. Sir, you may begin.
Rick Smith: Great. Thank you. Everybody, we appreciate you spending time with us here today. Again, really excited at the momentum in the business. I would like to reiterate Jawad’s comment at the end. We are looking at the long-term profitability of all the investments that we’re making, and we believe the investments around Fleet, artificial intelligence, RMS and international, that each one of those can create revenue flows, highly profitable revenue flows, that are comparable in scale to our existing digital evidence management and body camera business. So when you look at it that way, the investments that we’re making really are to build out sort of 4 revenue streams, all comparable to the revenue stream where we’re already showing a significant momentum in growth. And when you view it through that lens, you’ll understand -- and not only are these additional revenue streams, all of them helped make the ecosystem more defensible, more valuable. Like we pointed out, some of the win-backs we made this quarter were because we had the new in-car capability. So that capability is helping us win body camera deals as well. So each of these capabilities are being built in a way where they are making our current solutions more viable, increasing our win rate, increasing the net value to our customers and frankly, the stickiness of the product and ecosystem long-term. So we’re, obviously, very excited to see the growth continue and also begin to really see some of the international markets start to kick in, in a more material way. And with that, we’re going to thank you for joining us, and we look forward to joining you in another 3 months for our conference call results on the third quarter. Everybody, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for attending today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-14 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Arvind Bobra - Director, Finance Patrick Smith - Co-Founder, CEO and Director Jawad Ahsan - CFO
Analysts: Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company Steven Dyer - Craig-Hallum Capital Group Andrew Uerkwitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. George Godfrey - CL King & Associates Allen Klee - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Welcome to the Axon Enterprise, Inc. Q1 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Luke Larson, President of Axon. Sir, you may begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to Axon's First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I'm going to turn the call over to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance, to read the safe harbor statement.
Arvind Bobra: This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the Axon Enterprise website. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials, including our key operating metrics, are available on our website.  Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We will follow the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding future and including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding Axon Enterprise. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to materially -- to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption, Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website, www.axon.com.  With that, I will now hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Patrick Smith: Thank you, Arvind and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to our first earnings call as Axon. As we announced on April 5, we rebranded the company as Axon Enterprise. Over the last several quarters, we've outlined our growing vision for the company as the platform technology provider to law enforcement, from TASER Weapons to Axon cameras to evidence management, records management and artificial intelligence, we've been expanding well beyond any single solution. Axon is a connected network of people, devices and applications. We're excited that our new corporate name now reflects the end-to-end integrated nature of our business. This is a change that was a long time coming and we're really excited to move forward as Axon.  We also announced a program to equip every police offer in America with a body camera and software for a free 1 year trial. No other provider in the market today can offer the same capabilities as Axon. With this program, we're removing any barriers to field testing. This gives us the opportunity to compete head-to-head in the field where it matters. The response to this offering has been tremendous. Since we announced the program in April, we've had over 1,000 inquiries, resulting in hundreds of qualified leads at this point. In addition to the Mecklenburg County sheriffs who had publicly announce will be participating in this field trial, we have several major cities, multiple major sheriffs, several state patrols and hundreds of smaller agencies in active discussions regarding this program.  I have personally participated in several meetings with key prospective customers where this program was a clear game changer. One major agency had previously told us they have no interest in body cameras, but once we began to discuss the national field trial offer, they've thought of 2 areas where they would like to trial the cameras and now say they will be moving forward. Another agency was a large department that we had lost to an on-premise provider some time ago. They are now experiencing how difficult and expensive it is to setup their own digital evidence data center operations. They also indicated that our national field trial offer will enable them to competitively test us against their existing solution. And once customers put our solution to the hands of end users, we really like our odds.  As Luke will discuss, this was the case in Alameda County announced yesterday. Darren Steele in our communications team did a fantastic job designing a program to combine the messaging of the company name change and the national free trial offer into one integrated campaign. It was the most successful campaign I've ever been associated with. They grow over 514 unique stories with over 4 billion total media impressions and the name change is driving exactly the conversations we want to be having with our customers, explaining our broader solution offerings in this new context.  Turning now to the first quarter. We're off to a strong start to the year as we continue to advance our innovation. In the first quarter, we ramped up to full production of our Flex 2, our industry-leading point of view camera. We added management tools to help us scale including proactive device monitoring and industry-leading features including multi-camera sync, dynamic map tracking and further to our enterprise integration APIs. Multi-camera sync is a great example of our value proposition where we utilize our cloud-connected ecosystem to continuously deliver more value to our customers. We're currently rolling out software updates to every Axon Body 2 and Flex 2 camera in the field. All these cameras, including the new Fleet camera will be able to detect the presence of other Axon cameras nearby. And now, if you search for a video at EVIDENCE.com, the system will tell you if there were other cameras on the scene. It will show you a list of those cameras and best of all, with a click of a single button, it will automatically synchronize all those videos and play them all back together. This is a huge time savings for agencies where this used to be a very time-consuming process. In fact, several agencies said that their inability to reliably find videos from an incident, could place criminal prosecutions at risk if they fail to find and disclose all relevant evidence. Also, some agencies told me that historically, it took forever for them to watch videos because they'd have to watch them one at a time, one after another, whereas now they can watch them all time synchronized at once. And this new groundbreaking capability pushed seamlessly to all of our existing customers were delighted and surprised to get this new functionality.  I'm particularly proud of the advancements we've made in improving our automated redaction during the quarter. This progress is a direct result of the machine vision technology developed by our newly acquired teams in Axon AI. We've had extremely positive response from our customers using this improved feature. The cost and time to redact video is often a hurdle that may even prevent some agencies from implementing body camera programs and this upgrade is a major step in automating that process in removing that hurdle and the cost associated with it.  In the second quarter, we'll begin shipping our Fleet in-car camera with a direct camera to cloud workload that is fully integrated with our digital evidence management platform. Fleet is a critically and strategic expansion of our ecosystem. It has unlocked our ability to compete in the state patrols and increased significant additional revenue opportunities for us.  Our Signal Sidearm holsters are still on track to be released in the third quarter. These investments we're making in R&D are yielding great results. We have a compelling series of differentiating features on the road map through the remainder of the year and we will continue to update you we release them.  Coming up at our user conference in June, we will preview our record management system. We're building software that works for the officers, rather than the other way around. Our goal is to put cops back on the street using sensors and software to gather information seamlessly, rather than through arduous manual processes. We do that by placing video with a hard record and by building an extensible, flexible system that works for police, prosecutors and the communities they serve.  We've selected our first development partner for RMS and we have several additional agencies in process to become development partners with us. We've assembled a stellar dev team and we're really excited about our progress. We're seeing strong leading indicators that Axon is gaining leverage from our international investors. In Australia and U.K., we continue to see increased adoption of both Smart Weapons and Axon and EVIDENCE.com. Canada as well as some European markets are beginning to consider both large X2 deployment as well as demonstrating increased comfort with cloud technologies. In fact, some customers in those regions are now requiring cloud application and storage as part of their RFPs and product assessment. We believe this sentiment will only become stronger over time as international law enforcement agencies are beginning to recognize the potential challenges associated with managing the massive influx of digital evidence in an on-premise system.  While slow and bureaucratic sales cycles will affect the timing of some of these deals, the international outlook is as bright as it's ever been across all product lines especially following the approval of the X2 platform in the United Kingdom towards the end of Q1. We expect a significant opportunity to upgrade the existing install base of Taser weapons in the U.K., the vast majority of which are all past their 5-year expected life.  We're well into an execution focus in 2017, focused on extending our leadership in the domestic body camera market, introducing new hardware products, developing records management, releasing AI capabilities and strengthening our international position.  And with that, I'll now pass it over to Luke to go through an operational update.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We had a strong first quarter of 2017 and I'm proud to share the highlights of our accomplishments. Revenues came in at $79.2 million with international sales contributing $14.5 million to the total. Bookings on our Axon platform were $60.1 million in the first quarter, an increase of 15% compared to the first quarter of 2016. We're coming off a record $72.5 million in bookings quarter as we were successful in closing several deals before year-end. Annual recurring revenue in the first quarter was $46.2 million, an increase of 15% sequentially and 155% increase over the prior year as we converted over 10,000 seats to paid seats. We ended the quarter with 7,000 Flex 2 camera backlog which will be recognized in future quarters.  In the fourth quarter, we booked approximately 16,400 incremental new seats on our Axon platform. That brings our cumulative total booked seats to 148,000 since inception and represents 12% growth sequentially. Operating income for the TASER Weapons segment was $20.2 million at a 35.1% margin in the first quarter of 2017, up from $15.4 million at 33.5% margin in the prior year quarter. The increase was driven by an 18% increase in weapon units and a 28% increase in cartridge units. The ratio of the lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the first quarter was 4.3x, down from 6x in the prior quarter on lower bookings.  As a reminder, this ratio is calculated only on including current product at current price levels. We strongly believe the true value of each customer will be significantly higher as we're able to add premium service tiers and new product such as our RMS offering, Fleet in-car system and AI-based offerings. Together, we see these offerings more than doubling the potential value of each customer seat. We may see temporary further decline in this ratio when we include the cost of the free trial body camera offer as part of our customer acquisition cost.  We had several notable bookings in Q1 as we continue to consolidate the market. We had a major city win with Sacramento, a major county win with Santa Clara and a major state highway patrol with Nevada. Our several recent state patrol body camera wins were enabled by our compatible and integrated in-car solution, allowing all video evidence to be managed under the same platform. Our largest booking in the quarter was Fort Worth, Texas which has agreed to go full deployment on our Axon body camera, TASER Weapons and Fleet in-car camera. Agencies are continuing to realize the value of the connected and integrated Axon network.  Yesterday, we announced a significant win with Alameda County, a member of the Major County Sheriffs of America. This was particularly strong in momentum shifting win. In 2012, Alameda selected another vendor for its body camera program. After a series of unresolved issues, they decided to conduct an extensive 4-month field trial after which Axon received the highest score of any vendor. This agency had previously been a key reference account for the incumbent. Alameda is a perfect example of why we strongly support head-to-head field trials and why we believe our national field free trial offer will have a very high ROI.  We also recently received notice that the city council in Albuquerque approved a 2,000-unit body camera contract, renewal and expansion, in a highly contested deal. This renewal win in a highly contested process reinforces the value we provide our customers and the lead we have on our competition.  I'm very excited about this start to 2017 and our road map for the rest of the year as we continue to focus on driving innovation at a rapid pace as we extend our leading position in the market. And I'm excited to introduce our CFO, Jawad.
Jawad Ahsan: Great, thanks, Luke. This is my first earnings call since joining in April and I'm excited to be onboard as part of the Axon team. I look forward to bringing my expertise to Axon, including my experience working with cloud-based software models as well as international operations.  I see a tremendous opportunity for Axon to continue to lead with innovation. Rick and the team have evolved the business into the robust platform provider that it is today. I look forward to working with the team to drive continued growth while maintaining our focus on financial discipline and sustainable long term profitability. I also plan to build upon our relationships with investors and analysts, to increase awareness and understanding of the Axon vision.  I'll now the move on to the discussion of financial results. Just a housekeeping note here that we -- since we've rebranded the entire company as Axon, going forward, we'll refer to the business segment we used to call Axon now as Software and Sensors.  Revenue in the first quarter, as Luke mentioned, was $79.2 million, a 43% increase from the prior year and another strong quarter of year-over-year growth. This quarter's increase was driven by more than doubling in Software and Sensors segment revenue and a 26% increase in Weapons segment revenue. The $11.9 million year-over-year increase in Software and Sensors segment revenue was driven by 105% increase in hardware revenue as we shipped over 23,000 cameras in the quarter and 140% increase in our Axon service revenue.  Our hardware and service revenue growth in the first quarter did not include the future anticipated contribution from the outstanding backlog on our new Axon Flex 2 camera. The first quarter also included $1 million in catch-up service revenue previously held due to the delay in meeting contractual terms or milestones. The $11.8 million year-over-year increase in Weapons segment revenue was primarily driven by an increase in domestic revenue.  Internationally, Weapons segment revenue was relatively flat year-over-year. Domestic growth was driven by the same factors as in prior quarters. Our TASER 60 and OSP payment plans which served to accelerate the upgrade cycle, continued success of our telesales team servicing the long tail of the market and demand for full deployment into existing customers. TASER 60 represented approximately 20% of our domestic unit volume in Q1 and weapons under our Officer Safety Plan represented approximately 15%. We continue to drive customers to our TASER 60 and OSP payment plan to help drive full deployment and shorten the upgrade cycle.  Total international revenues in the first quarter increased $1.4 million or 11% from the prior year to $14.5 million, the growth was primarily driven by an increase in video hardware and service revenue. In the prior year quarter, we had a single $6 million international weapons order which made for a tough year-over-year comparison. As Rick noted, this quarter, we benefited from the approval of the sale of the TASER X2 weapon in the United Kingdom.  Annual recurring revenue which excludes the impact of onetime catch-up revenue at the end of the first quarter was $46.2 million, representing a 15% or $6 million growth sequentially. Our Flex 2 camera backlog was 7,000 units at the end of the quarter which limited the increase in paid license count. We're actively working through this backlog and expect to clear it in Q2. Bookings of $60.1 million were up 15% from the prior year. International bookings were still less than 10% of total bookings, but are expected to contribute more meaningfully as we progress through 2017.  Domestically, our bookings pipeline remains very strong and we expect continued growth in 2017. As a reminder, we booked $254 million of business in our Software and Sensors segment in 2016 on 73,000 net new licenses on EVIDENCE.com. Total deferred revenue increased by $6.4 million sequentially to $91.6 million. Over 80% of our domestic video hardware contracts include the TASER Assurance Plan feature, under which customers prepay for their future camera upgrades. Software and Sensors segment deferred hardware revenue or customer prepayments for future camera and dock upgrades, represents $19.1 million of the total deferred revenue balance. These future hardware upgrades will have a lower implied discount than the initial camera purchase and as such, will flow through the P&L at a higher average selling price.  Gross margins in the first quarter were 61.4% on a consolidated basis. We were unfavorably impacted by an approximately $1 million amount of nonrecurring cost of services related to the migration from Amazon Web Services to Microsoft Azure. Excluding this nonrecurring expense, gross margins would have been 62.7% in the first quarter on a consolidated basis compared to 66.5% in the prior year period. Gross margin in the Software and Sensors segment was 41.8% in the first quarter. Excluding the nonrecurring migration cost, Software and Sensors segment gross margin was 46.5%.  We expect to incur approximately $150,000 a month in incremental cost until the migration is completed which we expect to happen in Q3. Software and Sensors hardware margin was 7.9% which reflects customer mix. We continue to expect Axon hardware gross margins to increase back to the 25% level we saw in the first half of 2016, though we may still have some quarterly fluctuations. Longer term, we see the impacts -- or excuse me, the opportunity for the Software and Sensors segment hardware margins in the 50% range as service plan upgrades start to meaningfully kick in.  Weapons segment gross margins were relatively unchanged at 68.7% for the period. SG&A expenses increased to $30.9 million compared to $24.8 million in the prior year period. This increase was due primarily to increased headcount and related expenses. In the first quarter, we also had $900,000 of CFO severance cost. SG&A expense was relatively flat sequentially from the fourth quarter. R&D expenses increased to $12.5 million compared to $6.7 million in the prior year. The increase is driven by the impact of our 2 recent acquisitions or investment in RMS, increased headcount and higher professional fees. Sequentially, R&D is up $2.9 million, primarily due to the impact of the acquisitions and headcount related to investment in RMS.  Our total operating expenses, excluding the impact of acquisitions, were up approximately 4% from the fourth quarter coming in at the low end of our 4% to 6% increase guidance we provided on the last call. This increase again was driven primarily by R&D. Income tax expense in the first quarter was $1 million for an effective tax rate of 18%. We had a favorable $1 million discrete tax benefit associated with the gains related to stock-based compensation. This gain was driven by a change in accounting guidelines this year. Excluding this discrete item, our earnings per share would have been $0.07 compared to our reported EPS of $0.09. Our normalized tax rate for the year is expected to be 42% to 44%.  Turning to the second quarter, we expect revenue growth of approximately 25% year-over-year. As a result of our strong Q1 and anticipated Q2 performance, we expect full year revenue growth to slightly exceed our 15% to 20% target range. We're anticipating a 4% to 6% sequential increase in operating expenses in the second quarter as we continue to add customer-facing roles, continue to invest in our R&D initiatives and expand into new international markets. We could see a slight variance on either end of these range, based on the timing of hires and some anticipated expenses in the quarter.  We expect margins to decline sequentially in Q2 2017 from Q1 with margin improvement sequentially in the third quarter as we add users to our Axon platform and continue to make inroads internationally. Our margin improvement will be partially offset by nonrecurring expenses related to the national free trial offer which we still expect to have a $5 million P&L impact in the back half of the year.  I'm currently doing a deep dive into our existing cost base and required spend the new growth initiatives. I've already identified some areas where introducing process rigor will help us drive growth with improved profitability. We're on a tremendous growth trajectory and I'm focused on driving leverage in the business as we grow the top line.  We're now going to move into the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty and Company.
Jeremy Hamblin: Congratulations on the strong results. I wanted to just get in real quick to the operating expenses. I believe, Jawad, that you said you're looking for a sequential increase of 4% to 6% versus what we just saw in Q1. Is that -- do I have that right?
Jawad Ahsan: That's correct.
Jeremy Hamblin: And as we look forward a little bit in terms of just thinking about your base and where operating expenses are likely to grow, do you see kind of a commensurate growth rate in the R&D side versus SG&A? Or are you going to continue to see the R&D side grow at a much faster rate given the number of staff that you brought on earlier this year?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. I'm a month in and I'm still really getting the lay of the land in understanding the cost structure. What I can tell you is that for Q2, we're expecting the 4% to 6% increase sequentially over Q1 which again is going to be primarily driven by our investments in RMS, AI, also in international and in Fleet. And for the rest of the year, we're still calibrating where we expect our cost structure to be relative to our revenue and bookings growth.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And then for Rick and Luke, if you could just provide a little bit more color. You mentioned that you had 1,000 inquiries since the free camera offer was initiated. You mentioned that you've got kind of concrete leads potentially on hundreds of agencies. Could you provide a little more color in terms of where you're seeing the best traction? Are you seeing at those mid-level tier agencies? Or are you seeing a lot of the growth here on much smaller agencies that maybe you thought that body cameras were years and years off, but because of this software, we're seeing a pull forward on that? Or is it much larger tier cities?
Patrick Smith: Well, I would say we're seeing pretty even interest across the board and I mean that quantitatively, most of the inquiries are coming from small agencies, right, because there's, what I'd say about 17,000 small agencies in the U.S. and a thousand big ones. We're seeing really good interest. If I were to characterize the one pleasant surprise has been the sheriffs have really -- seem to be coming on strong, where a few years ago, I think we talked about that sheriff's offices tended to be less interested in body cameras than the major cities in the early phases. I think we're now seeing that really a spike in interest from the sheriffs. And hard to say if that was just happening on its own organically or if we -- if spurred that with the trial offer.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And then in terms of the trial offer itself, are you looking at all towards extending that deadline because I think when you initially discussed it, you were looking at really 1 year providing that? Or is this going to be something that's kind of an ongoing marketing effort for the company?
Patrick Smith: I think our plan at this point is that we're going to offer this for a 1 year period, meaning that agencies would have up to a year to sign up and from the point that they sign-up, we would give them a year-long trial, but I don't envision at this point that we would continue it beyond that in that it's a pretty sort of breakout program that we're doing. I don't know if we'd leave it indefinite that we would do free trials for every agency for every officer indefinitely. I think will always have free trial programs. But this is really something that's on a pretty large scale and I think part of the philosophy here is that we saw this is a unique moment in time, where now is the time for us to do something out of the ordinary to help accelerate the market forward. But again, we're learning. We pride ourselves on being a business that experiments and learns. So I don't know. I could draw a line in the sand and absolutely, we would not extend it. But at this point in time, that's not our intention.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. Last one for me. On the gross margins, it came in a little bit lighter, I think, than most expected. I think a lot of that obviously is being driven by mix. And I think you noted kind of the onetime nonrecurring payment that I think you said adjusted gross margins were 62.7%. As we look forward, is there kind of a natural time line at which you see those gross margins bottoming out and then starting to lift as we move forward and as most of the U.S. market has been divvied up on the body camera and video side of the business?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes. So in the Axon or the Software and Sensors segment specifically, the margins there were driven by the customer mix which really includes the strategic decision we made, the pricing decisions around some of our international beachhead accounts to open up those markets. And we would actually expect -- part of our model is that we would expect those margins to improve over time. As you're aware, there's a discount on the hardware upfront and we expected in the near term margin to improve to 25% and over the longer term on those contracts to get to 50%.
Jeremy Hamblin: On the hardware?
Jawad Ahsan: On the hardware upgrades, yes.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum.
Steven Dyer: As it relates, I guess, initially, Jawad, to your commentary around Q2, that implies an 8% or 9% sort of sequential downtick in revenue which as far back as I can remember, has never happened. So I guess I'm just trying to figure out if that's just conservatism on your part or if maybe you pulled something into Q1 that you had anticipated in Q2? Or how we should think about that?
Jawad Ahsan: So actually, Steve, do you mind maybe adding a little color on where you're getting that number?
Steven Dyer: Well, I think, I guess what I heard was Q2 revenue up 25%, year-over-year. Maybe I heard that wrong, but that would imply like a 73-ish million dollar revenue quarter which would be obviously down from the 70, 90, just...
Patrick Smith: We did see some revenue coming in earlier and -- obviously, Q1, we had really strong quarter particularly coming out the heels of the U.K. approval, with weapon sales starting in the U.K. So there was some -- revenue became -- we had a really strong quarter. And I think some of it too, we're being a bit conservative in our outlook.
Steven Dyer: Yes, okay, got it. On the weapons side, you know, growth there just continues to be really, really good. You have -- it certainly helped penetrated things are in North America. Maybe a little bit of color as to where you're seeing that. If you sense is there's a lot of upgrades, I know that the 2 outsold the X26P for I think the first time that I've seen, had a really strong quarter. Any color around sort of what's driving that at the moment?
Patrick Smith: Yes, I think -- well, part of it, again, is the U.K. approval, of the X2. We think that's really got a nicely -- it just opened up a key market for us. And we see actual opportunity for expansion in the U.K. We've obviously seen some pretty terrible events happening there recently where the national police union has been pushing for every officer that wants to carry Taser, to have the ability to carry one. We believe that there's actually some traction there and we'll see some expansion. So not just a replacement of the -- the X26Es that have been out of production for a few years, the only weapons that were in the U.K. up until this approval. So it will see continued growth in the U.K. and the TASER 60 and the Officer Safety Plan, these payment programs are continuing to drive some of that growth and we think there's still some fuel in that tank.
Steven Dyer: And I think looking forward long term, I mean, is that 20%, 25% of weapon sales being toward the TASER 60 program? I'm mean is that kind of what you think is a reasonable number going forward? Or do you sense it will be more than or less?
Luke Larson: Yes, great question, Steve. So approximately 35% of our customers purchased on a payment plan either TASER 60 or OSP. Now our goal would actually be to get as much of our revenue as possible on these payment programs. A lot of the law enforcement still has discretionary funding that they get from asset forfeiture or other seized assets and will never turn down those deals, but our goal would be to push as much of our business possible on these subscription plans. So I think it can be much, much greater than 35%.
Steven Dyer: Okay. And then real quickly on the, I guess, the old video side sensors, the sensors business now. The bookings rate seems to have kind of found a level maybe between this 60 million and 80 million. Is that your sense of sort of the new normal, just because you gobbled up so much of the market already and so forth? Or does that still have room to grow in your view?
Luke Larson: Yes, so I think that's a good insight, Steve. Q1 is seasonally slower a quarter with less overall activity than Q4. Our pipeline still remains strong and I think we're looking at future growth opportunities with product expansion, specifically Axon Fleet and then our next RMS product.
Steven Dyer: Okay. Lastly for me and then I'll hop back in the queue. We're probably, I'm guessing, coming up at sort of towards the end of the initial video contracts that were being signed. I'm just wondering anecdotally if you have any commentary about what you're seeing in terms of renewal rates. In other words, has it proven to be sort of a sticky as you had thought kind of initially? Or any color there would be great.
Patrick Smith: Yes. So I would tell you what we see is if agencies are using this system at any scale, I think they almost all renew. The only agencies I'm aware of it didn't renew were people who potentially flock the products and then weren't using it, smaller agencies. Those are literally the only agencies that I'm aware of, where when it came up time to renewal, hey, is anybody using this? And they weren't using it and they didn't renew. But if they're using it, they renew. Probably the best example there is Albuquerque. With the approval we just got from the city council. Those of you who have been watching over the years, Albuquerque had no shortage of controversy. They're one of our early adopters many years ago. And the Chief in Albuquerque used to come and speak in a lot of our conferences because we absolutely turned their program around.  They've started with the standard off-the-shelf camera and when they transitioned onto our platform, it was a real game changer. There was again some controversy around the Chief speaking at our convention et cetera, to where it was sort of a politically challenging environment in Albuquerque and I think when they actually -- and so there was a lot of scrutiny on the program and they tested multiple vendors. And what they found was our solution just really stood out. And not only did they renew, but they expanded the program in Albuquerque with thousands of additional cameras. So we really do stand by the customers that use our product find tremendous value in it. And just like we saw in Alameda County, getting an agency to change is really hard. They got to retrain their officers, et cetera. And -- but if we get that opening to go on and tested, all the investments we've made, building out a great hardware and software team and all the support functions, you know it really pays off because when customers actually try the solution, we're in a really great position.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz from Oppenheimer & Co.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Luke, I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you expect gross margins to increase over time. One, is that based on what's already been booked in the contracts you have there and just a matter of time until those hit? Or two, does that require further upsell on some of the new software features you guys are developing?
Luke Larson: Andrew, great question. So Q1 margins are primarily driven by 2 factors. The customer mix which includes strategic pricing decisions on the international beachhead accounts to open up additional markets. And also discounts on upfront camera purchases on multiyear contracts. We're really confident as we continue to add more high value-add features and expanding the product, that those margins -- we'll see margin expansion in that Sensor and Software segment.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Great. And then my second question is around bookings. If you could share with us, was -- dash camera or auto-related cameras, was that material in the quarter as far as bookings go? And how do you see that shaping bookings in the back half of the year?
Luke Larson: In this quarter, it was roughly 10%. We're still -- just to clarify, we're still not in full production in shipping that. We did -- we had some very high-profile betas and at the end of Q2, we expect to be shipping product. And so in the first quarter of shipping, I would suspect that it's not going to be meaningful. By the end of the year, we suspect that will be a meaningful bookings contribution with the Fleet program.
Andrew Uerkwitz: And then my last question. You guys have continued to have kind of a backlog on the camera side. You're ramping dash cameras. Should we expect to see some larger than expected CapEx going forward on manufacturing expansion or plant moves or anything along those lines?
Jawad Ahsan: No. No, we -- at this point, we're not anticipating any unusual CapEx related to that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of George Godfrey from CL King.
George Godfrey: Two questions. Based on the revenue guidance and the OpEx guidance for Q4. It looks like the operating margin for the company is going to be probably around 4% give or take or maybe 3%. Do you view that as the low-water mark given that you expect the margins to ramp up in Q3 and Q4 as we move out into '18 and '19?
Patrick Smith: Yes, I think our general expectation is would be the low-water mark at this point.
George Godfrey: Okay. And then secondly, you mentioned some cost related to the Microsoft transition from Amazon. And I was just wondering, have you seen any sales benefit from being with Microsoft versus Amazon on helping opening accounts or customer education or anything like that?
Patrick Smith: Yes, absolutely. In the U.K., the CEO of Microsoft U.K. went with me to the London Met and they were absolutely critical, up until that point in time, the London Met was on track to build and run their own data center and that would have been really disruptive for us. You have to sort of run EVIDENCE.com in a customer's data center that's not going to have all the sort of standardization you'd get in a major cloud data center. And Microsoft was absolutely critical there. They've been very helpful in other international markets as well and here in the U.S. with federal agencies, we've co-presented in several places. So yes, they had really -- Microsoft sales channel is really effective and they've been a good partner.
George Godfrey: They don't carry a quota, but they're very helpful in generating conversations would that be fair?
Patrick Smith: Yes, they don't carry a quota specific to our solution, but since the new CEO took over at Microsoft a few years ago, it's been palpable. I mean they've made -- they've really -- it's been impressive how they pivoted their organizational focus and they just been on fire about cloud and they see us as a very strategic account because of all the progress we've made and really being the first mover in public safety and they courted us, frankly, really hard and they made a compelling case that together, we did really sell effectively and they've delivered on that.
George Godfrey: And my last question, I don't have a full cash flow statement in front of me, but it looks like working capital due to the inventory build, a pretty significant use of cash. How do you see working capital this year versus '16 on impacts on cash flow?
Jawad Ahsan: Yes, so in first quarter, that was really primarily driven by the build in inventory which we had discussed. We don't expect that operating activities are going to be a significant use of cash for the remainder of the year. We're expecting towards the back half that the inventory levels will normalize and that trend will continue.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg Thalmann.
Glenn Mattson: Just a couple of things. On the SG&A, being a bit lighter than you had anticipated coming in, was that a result of not being able to hire fast enough or perhaps the bookings being a little softer than expected? What was the root cause of that?
Luke Larson: Yes, so actually, while we were transitioning to Jawad coming on board, we did slow our hiring a bit just to make sure when he was coming in, we had a good base for him to understand the cost structure.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. Sounds good. And then the other question I had was on the -- I mean, I guess you could try and back into it through the percent of people on the TASER 60 plan, but the growth rates in Weapons have been abnormally high for a relatively mature product, the last 3 quarters which coincides with the time when you introduce that plan. I think 34%, 25% and then again, 25% this quarter. So after Q2, I guess, then Q3 of this year, you'll start to lap that, anniversary that plan. So what would be a more normal growth rate for the weapons once that surge kind of has run its course?
Luke Larson: Yes, I would probably not give a specific gross percentage. I think the 2 key items that we're focused on is international growth will continue to be a contributor. And we're also looking to get -- we want full penetration in the U.S., every officer to carry a weapon and that weapon to be on a payment program. And so for the next few quarters at least, we continue to see growth.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Allen Klee from Sidoti.
Allen Klee: My apologies, I jumped on late. Maybe you touched on this, but have you -- did you -- have you said anything about the impact of the free trial on the quarter? Your thoughts on kind of how that impacts your kind of analysis of lifetime profit to cost acquiring a customer? And any impacts from customer responses to this program?
Patrick Smith: Yes, I'll take that one. So in general, we have not seen that it derails deals because for the most part, if you're in a law enforcement agency and they're moving through a procurement, procurements are frankly somewhat painful process to go through and most people don't want to hit the restart button. And so what we found is what -- we just need to reassure our customers is sit down and take them through the economics that yes, you could take the year free, but -- or what you're effectively doing when you sign up with us is we'll have discounts and other incentives that gets you to as good a deal or better, as if you've taken the free year. And we're finding in most agencies, as long as they feel we're being transparent, they're being fairly treated and the deal is sensible, most of them say, let's just take this through to completion. We don't want to like pause, take a free year and then start a procurement over. But again, I think it's one of the reasons why we're really are focused on these payment plans for agencies to be able to just get on a program where they pay a known fee and we're upgrading their hardware regularly. That's really great for us. It accelerates our upgrade cycle and makes our business more predictable. But our customers I think love it even more than we do because for them to go back and have to do onetime purchases, it's just bureaucratically painful for them to do. So if we can streamline that process, it's great for both sides.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, CEO, for closing remarks.
Patrick Smith: Great. Well, everybody, appreciate you joining us today. I'm really proud of the team and the work they did across the board. Josh and the sales team really delivered this quarter. You have Darren and the communications team, I think just did a great job with the name change and the national field trial offer. And we're really excited to add Jawad on board, bring a fresh perspective here and really look forward to seeing how the rest of the year plays out, feeling great about the momentum across the board. We just had our international sales meeting and we're really feeling great about the team that we have on the field globally now and tons of opportunity there for growth. So appreciate you all being shareholders and being part of the company and we look forward to hopefully seeing you here at our Shareholder Meeting here in Scottsdale later this month. And if you can't make that, then hopefully we'll have you on the next earnings call. So thank you, everybody. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Arvind Bobra - Director of Finance Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder
Analysts: Mark Strouse - J.P. Morgan Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Capital Group LLC Saliq Khan - Imperial Capital, LLC Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company LLC Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Andrew Uerkwitz - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. George Godfrey - C.L. King & Associates
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TASER International Incorporated Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Luke Larson, President. You may begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s fourth quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Arvind Bobra: Thank you, Luke. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the TASER International website. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials including our key operating metrics are available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We will follow the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the forward statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail on our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. With that, I will now hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Great. Thank you, Arvind, and good afternoon to everyone. Before we begin, I’d like to share some news on the TASER team. As we announced last quarter, Dan Behrendt, our CFO, will be transitioning out of TASER after filing the company’s 10-K for 2016. On January 31, Dan was hit by a vehicle while he was cycling. And following the accident he was hospitalized for an extended period of time. Since the event, Dan has not been able to act in his CFO capacity, and he will likely not be returning. We are thankful that he is now been released from the hospital, and he is now recuperating at home and is expected to make a full recovery. Dan has been colleague and friend for 12 years, and we wish him a speedy recovery and success in his future endeavors. We are in active negotiations with a strong candidate and look forward to announcing the appointment of a new CFO in the coming weeks. In the interim, [Maurie Mesanga] [ph], our Controller has been acting as Principle Financial Officer. Maurie and Arvind, along with the entire finance team, are doing a wonderful job ensuring a seamless transition, and that’s in reference to Arvind Bobra, our Director of Finance. And now, turning to our business, our fourth quarter represented a really strong finish to a tremendous year. In 2016, we booked $254 million on our Axon platform, an increase of 88% over the prior year. We now have over half of the major U.S. city policy departments on the Axon network. We grew our weapons business by 25% over 2015, shipping nearly 130,000 weapons and 2 million cartridges to our customers. We launched two new industry-leading cameras the Axon Body 2 and the Axon Flex 2. We also began rolling out our in-car camera, Axon Fleet. Fleet trials are currently underway with several agencies. And we have already received notice we’ve been awarded several contracts. Customer feedback has been very positive, particularly around the simple cloud-based workflows and instantaneous upload of critical incident videos. In the past few months, we have won major body camera contracts with our first three state patrols, which we believe was enabled knowing that we have a compatible in-car solution coming to market. We have multiple state patrol field trials going on currently and we expect accelerating momentum in this important market segment in 2017. In addition, to our extended market share gains in the U.S., in 2016 we expanded our presence in our Tier 1 international markets. We announced significant Axon bookings in the UK, including the London Met, South Wales and West Mercia and in Australia including Queensland and the northern territory. We were excited to end the year with record quarterly revenue for our international business, and international accounted for 23% of total revenue in the recent period. Our focus throughout 2016 was on continuing to scale the Axon platform and enhance the industry-leading ecosystem as evidenced by our new product and feature releases. We are continuing that momentum in 2017. We just announced the new Signal Sidearm yesterday, the first wireless sensor to alert Axon cameras when a firearm is removed from an officer’s holster. Signal Sidearm is a seamless Sidearm that works with majority of holsters in use today and offers high reliability and maintainability with a battery life of around 1.5 years. It is a strategic addition to our ecosystem adding an important capability to sense fire draws. And we do expect that kind of signal to have a high attachment rate with our cameras and add solid gross margin contribution. We will continue to develop and launch new sensors and devices to round out our offering to drive adoption and usage of the Axon platform applications. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of two industry-leading teams in artificial intelligence, Dextro and Misfit’s computer vision group. In doing so, we are moving forward aggressively with the implementation of AI technology to help our customers make use of all the data that they are recording while significantly reducing their workload. As many of you know, our Axon platform is based on the concept of a network of people, devices and apps. They collect, analyze and put data to use. AI represents the next step in harnessing the power of this data. To build a world-class AI platform in a specific space, you need three elements: one, access to lots of data for your specific problem; two, access to users for training the system on how to interpret the data; and three, the right machine learning expertise to research tailored deep learning models and engineer the machine learning infrastructure. All three are critical and we now have achieved a uniquely powerful combination of these three elements. We have the largest community of users in public safety with over half the major cities and over 100,000 users. Evidence.com now secures over 6 million gigabytes or 6 terabyte of law enforcement video data, and its growing along in exponential curve. And now through the acquisitions of Misfit and Dextro, we now have state-of-the-art machine learning pipelines and a world-class team of experts dedicated to applying artificial intelligence in law enforcement. These two strategic investments will highly differentiate our offering in a way that no one else can deliver, and can create a highly defensible platform that will continue to pull further ahead of our competition. Additionally, we do expect AI related services will create entirely new lines of revenue generating business. Our company’s advantages in AI aren’t just somewhat better than our competitors, it’s structurally superior. All systematic incentives for progress in AI for us are aligned towards deepening our market lead in users, which means deepening our market dominance in data, which means deepening our market lead in AI. Our initial focus will be around redaction in video, which is a very repetitive and time consuming process for officers today. With our existing Axon capabilities, we have been able to reduce the time it takes to redact one hour of video in half, from eight hours using other solutions to four hours using our solution today. We expect to reduce that time from four hours, down to just 90 minutes by the end of this year with our new AI team and capabilities. This will represent a huge savings in time and resources. And within the next five years, we believe that number could drop to zero as AI does all of the work without requiring any human interaction. With application of technology like this through our Axon platform that will automate data gathering and records management, bring up officers to focus on the human element of policing, so that they can spend their time interacting with the community. We’re really quite excited about how AI fits in with this vision. And we look forward to updating you on our progress. We will hold our second annual user conference in June, where we help our customers learn how to better utilize and deploy the cutting edge technologies available on the Axon platform. At the conference we will also unveil our records management product and share more on the value our RMS product will bring to customers compared to the current options. Today, officers around the world spend about two-thirds of their time on data entry and paperwork, and only one third of their time doing actual police work. We now know based on the extensive field experience we have that body cameras record far richer and far better information than the handwritten forms of yesterday. All the information needed for police reports can be easily captured in the audio/video record from our ecosystem of cameras and sensors. The only information not captured are the perceptions of the individual officer, which frankly can be more easily dictated to the video after the incident than being painstakingly typed on the keyboard. The remaining challenge for us is to extract this information into a searchable format, that can be utilized to transform the business processes, reviews, and the prosecution and litigation processes that currently run on text data. This is where our ecosystem of devices, software and users now powered by AI will be a game changer. Our AI tools will extract the information for the police record system. And in the future that we are building, records will be recorded not written. The value proposition for our customers is enormous. We can free up the two-thirds of their time their officers spend on tedious data entry. This will be akin to tripling their force and police officers on the street. And all the while, the backend data will be far richer qualitatively similar to the archive of televised sporting events, as compared to the newspaper accounts that predated televised recordings. You can tell we are incredibly excited about the market opportunity for RMS in conjunction with our sensors, cloud and AI capabilities. In summary, the long-term outlook for the business is stronger than it’s ever been. In the fourth quarter, we booked orders of over $130 million, across both our Axon and our weapons business segments, continuing to execute at this pace would drive GAAP revenue over $500 million per year in the next three to five years, roughly doubling the business. However, the investments that we have made and/or making are not intended to do simply maintain our current revenue bookings rate. We see opportunities for significant continued growth from here. As one example, we’ve looked at some of the early Axon Fleet orders and the revenue per user over contract term roughly doubles when agencies add fleet to their body camera program. Now, that’s for agencies that have a vehicle for every officer. We are just now starting to see our international investments really contribute to Axon bookings, which we believe can scale to a size similar to our U.S. business, if not larger. With Fleet international growth plus the Record Management System and Axon AI, we now have visibility to $1 billion annual run rate business predicated, of course, on continuing our strong execution. Actually, we’ve on-boarded our new CFO. We plan to hold an investor event, and provide you all with an update on our long-term business model, financial outlook and strategic vision. We are on truly exciting trajectory from 2016 going into 2017, executing across the organization and adding the right people and resources. We will maintain discipline in our investments in our quest to transform public safety through technology, while building a highly defensible and profitable business for our shareholders. I’ll now hand over to Luke to take us through an operational update.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We had an exceptionally strong fourth quarter and full-year 2016, and I am proud to share the highlights of our accomplishments. Revenues came in very strong at $82.1 million with international sales contributing $18.6 million to the total. Our other key metrics also showed continued strength within the quarter. Bookings on our Axon platform were a record $72.5 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 62% compared to the fourth quarter of 2015 and up 26% sequentially from the third quarter. It is important to note this number exceeded the bookings of Q2, which included the very large LAPD order, yet, without any similar singular large events. We see the achievement of this milestone without any outliers as strong evidence of the general momentum of this business unit. Annual recurring revenue in the fourth quarter was $40.2 million, an increase of 26% from the third quarter as we converted over 17,000 seats to paid seats. In the fourth quarter, we booked approximately 21,400 incremental new seats on our Axon platform. That brings our cumulative total booked seats to 132,000 since inception and represents 19% growth sequentially. Operating income in the TASER weapons segment was 36.1% in the fourth quarter of 2016, down from 38% in the third quarter. The slight decrease was driven by higher research and development expense, as well as end of the year physical inventory adjustments. Our last metric, the ratio of lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition costs in the third quarter was 6X up from 4.9X in the prior quarter on higher bookings. We view this ratio as one of the key operating metrics used by management to evaluate the effectiveness and validation of our strategy, as we invest in the customer acquisition, and should be noted that this ratio is calculated only including current product at current price levels. We believe the true value of each customer will be significantly higher as we are able to add premium service tiers and new products such our RMS, Fleet, in-car systems and AI based offerings. Together, we see these offerings more than doubling the potential value of each customer seat. We had several notable bookings in Q4 as we continue to consolidate the market. The Louisiana State Police went with full deployment on the Axon platform on our unlimited plan for all officers. Other notable Q4 wins included Seattle, Winston-Salem, Garland and Chattanooga PD. We’re excited with the pace of innovation at TASER. We’re not satisfied with just maintaining our position as a leading provider. Instead, we’re pushing the bounds of technology applications for law enforcement to truly deliver on our vision of an end-to-end experience. As Rick noted, we’re extending product lines and developing future revenue streams including Fleet, RMS and artificial intelligence offerings. With nearly two patrol cars for every three officers and the increasingly positive feedback from our trials, we see the Axon Fleet in-car camera as a tremendous opportunity to extend our capabilities. Investments in Records Management System, the central technology hub of public safety, we believe is the best way to expand our current offerings from the Axon platform. As we mentioned on our last call, we estimate the addressable market for RMS as nearly double the size of our current offerings on the Axon platform. We expect to start shipping full fleet deployments beginning in the second quarter of 2017 and we will unveil our RMS product at our Axon Accelerate user conference in June. I’ll now move on to the discussion of financial results, which I will be reviewing this quarter. Revenue in the fourth quarter was $82.1 million, a 46% increase from the prior year and our third consecutive quarter of record revenue. The increase was driven by a 154% increase in the Axon segment revenue and a 25% increase in weapons segment revenue. The $14.4 million year-over-year increase in Axon segment revenue was driven by a 167% increase in hardware revenue as we shipped over 28,000 cameras in the quarter, a 140% increase on our Axon service revenue. We continue to add users to the Axon platform and ended the year with almost 95,000 active paid licenses on our Axon platform. The fourth quarter also included $1.5 million in catch-up service revenue, previously held due to the delay in meeting contractual terms and milestones. The $11.6 million year-over-year increase in weapons segment revenue was nearly evenly split between international and domestic revenue growth. Internationally, weapons segment revenue growth was driven primarily by our focus on our Tier 1 markets. Domestic growth was driven by our TASER 60 and Officer Safety Payment Plan, a continued success of our telesales team servicing the long tail of the market and demand for full deployment into existing customers. TASER 60 continues to resonate well with customers representing approximately 20% of unit volume in Q4. And we expect this percentage to increase in 2017. We continue to drive customers to our TASER 60 and Officer Safety Payment plan to help drive full deployment and shorten the upgrade cycle. Total international revenues in the fourth quarter increased 53% from the prior year to a record $18.6 million. The growth was primarily driven by an increase in TASER weapons and cartridges with approximately 80% of international revenue coming from our TASER weapons segment. We continue to have strong momentum in the Axon bookings in our target international markets. As we’ve discussed previously, due to the seasonal procurement patterns and the typical size of international orders, we expect to see some revenue lumpiness from quarter to quarter in the international part of our business. For the full year, total revenue increased 35.6% to a record $268.2 million driven by a 25% increase in our weapons segment, and an 85% increase in our Axon segment. This growth rate significantly exceeded our internal expectations and we’re really proud of these results. Annual recurring revenue which excludes the impact of a one-time catch up revenue at the end of fourth quarter was $40.2 million, representing a 26% or $8.2 million growth sequentially. We expect to see relatively consistent growth in ARR through 2017 as we add users to the Axon platform. We’re experiencing some initial backlog on our new Axon Flex 2 camera, as we ramp up capacity to meet demand. Our backlog on the Flex 2 is currently approximately 9,000 units. As a reminder, we began recognition of service revenue in the month following the shipment of the camera. We’re actively working through this backlog and expect to clear it in Q2. Bookings of $72.5 million were also record for the company, up 62% from the prior year and 26% from the third quarter. This exceeds our prior record of $72 million in Q2, which included $20.5 million in the LAPD booking. The largest booking this quarter was $5.3 million, showing broader body camera adoption across all agencies. International bookings were still less than 10% of total bookings, but are expected to contribute more meaningfully to bookings in 2017. Domestically, our bookings pipeline remains very strong and we expect Fleet bookings to begin to contribute incrementally as well. Total deferred revenue increased by $7.9 million sequentially to $85.2 million. As a reminder, over 80% of our Axon contracts include the TASER Assurance Plan feature, under which customers prepay for their future camera upgrades. Axon hardware deferred revenue are customer prepayments for feature camera and dock upgrades, represent $21.1 million of the total deferred revenue balance. These future hardware upgrades will have a lower implied discount in the initial camera purchase and as such will flow through the P&L at a higher average selling price. Gross margins in fourth quarter were 60.6% on a consolidated basis, due primarily to a significant decrease in Axon segment hardware gross margin. This decrease was driven largely by nonrecurring items including inventory write-downs related to the end of the life of Flex 1 and year-end inventory adjustments. We expect Axon hardware gross margins to increase back to the 25% level we saw in the first half of 2016, that we can still have some quarterly fluctuations based on the customer mix. Longer-term, we see the opportunity for the Axon segment hardware margins in the 50% range as service plan upgrades start to kick-in. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased to $30.7 million compared to $21.9 million in the prior year period. This increase was due primarily to increased headcount, variable compensation, legal expense and professional fees. In the fourth quarter, we also had $600,000 of CFO severance cost. And we will have another $900,000 of CFO severance costs in the first quarter of 2017. R&D expenses increased to $9.6 million compared to $6.6 million in the prior year. The increase is driven primarily by increased headcount in our Axon segment and higher professional fees. Due to the strong momentum in our business, we elected to increase spend in areas where we expect to generate superior levels of return. As a result, our 2016 full-year operating expense was $138.7 million. This was above our target range for the full-year of $130 million to $132 million, which excluded non-recurring expenses in Q3 of approximately $2 million in the Q4 severance expense of $600,000. As previously noted, we continue to ramp investment levels. As we saw the opportunity to drive revenue and bookings level higher. Income tax expense in the fourth quarter was $3.2 million for an effective tax rate of 33%. We recognized some favorable R&D tax credit adjustments, which were partially offset by the losses in foreign entities, which we do not currently expect to receive a tax benefit from. We expect the first quarter of effective tax rate to be in the 41% to 44% range. Turning to 2017, we expect first quarter revenue growth of approximately 25% year-over-year. However, we expect Q1 to be down sequentially due to seasonality around municipal budget cycles. For the full-year 2017, we expect year-over-year revenue growth consistent with our stated objective of 15% to 20% growth. We anticipate 4% to 6% sequential increase in operating expenses in 2017 first quarter as we continue to add customer facing roles, invest in R&D initiatives and expand into new international markets. Our areas of R&D investment in 2017 consist of new hardware technology, including the signal holster we announced yesterday, next generation Axon body cameras, Axon Fleet, Records Management System, Axon artificial intelligence and continued feature enhancements to our Axon digital evidence management platform. We are confident that our investments will continue to drive revenue and bookings growth and expand our addressable market over time. We will continue to calibrate our expense level relative to bookings and revenue, and carefully accept the return on our spend. We expect to see margin pressure in Q1 2017 with margin improvement sequentially through 2017 as we add users to our Axon platform and continue to make inroads internationally. Please note that the anticipated sequential increase in Q1 operating expenses is in addition to the expenses relating to our two recent artificial intelligence acquisitions. The combined impact of the two transactions is expected to approximately $6.5 million of incremental R&D expense for the full year, of which $2 million will be non-cash amortization expense. We’re now going to move to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Mark Strouse of J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open.
Mark Strouse: Thank you very much for taking the questions. Dan, if you’re listening, best of luck. Wish you a speedy recovery. So, guys, just wanted to talk about the timeline for new offerings here. I understand Fleet in 2Q, and you’re going to introduce RMS at the user conference. But when can we expect RMS and a bigger presence of the AI to be commercially available?
Rick Smith: I think those will be - AI would be late 2017 and RMS would really be 2018 revenue.
Mark Strouse: Okay, okay. And then with the OpEx, I understand all the color there. Thank you very much for that. Just long-term though, are we still expecting - I think in the past you said that you expect bookings to outpace the growth in OpEx. Is that still your target?
Luke Larson: Yes. Just to add a little more color there, specifically I think it’s important to add a little context around the fourth quarter. A majority of the increases relate to our cost structure to support the accelerated growth. So in Q1, we expect a 4% to 6% sequential increase in operating expenses. We’re not providing guidance past Q1. And I would just want to reiterate the largest drivers of these cost are going to be towards quota carrying sales rep as well as engineers developing net new revenue streams for our business.
Rick Smith: Yes, and I would just add in general, we believe bookings can continue to outpace or at least match the spend rate. Now, again, maybe bounce around little bit quarter to quarter, but we’re really keeping a close eye on how we’re spending, how we’re investing, so we’re building something that’s long-term will be very profitable and defensible.
Mark Strouse: Got it, okay. And then just one more quick one if I can. Just pricing of Evidence.com, are you seeing any shifts either towards the low end or towards the high end of your pricing scheme? What are we seeing over the last quarter? Thank you.
Luke Larson: Mark, that’s a great question. And I think coming out of Q4, there is a lot of questions around pricing pressure in regards to the NYPD deal. And we really pointed analysts to the Seattle deal as a good proxy. I would say, the other large deals that we announced on the call today would be kind of in that similar vein as Seattle. And we still feel really confident in the price structure that we have.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Dyer of Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. On the weapons side, based on the units and the revenue, the implied ASP appears to be very higher or - either that or there was a one-time sort of other piece of revenue that fell in that. Any - or maybe it’s just the way that that TASER 60 is recognized. But any sort of commentary on that? It looks like about $6 million of upside either came from higher ASPs or something one-time in nature.
Luke Larson: Yes. I would say - I would just talk to two items there. Approximately 20% of the Q4 deals came in from TASER 60 program. And then, we also had a strong international quarter, which is going to have a slightly different ASP than the domestic deal.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And just to kind of refresh, the TASER 60 revenue is recognized upfront and it’s the cash flows that come ratably over the five years, is that right?
Luke Larson: That’s correct except for the warranty. So we recognize the TASER handle and the cartridges that are delivered, and then we spread the warranty at over time. But the cash flows do come in like you said.
Steve Dyer: Okay. On the Axon side, gross margin as you noted on the hardware side was basically zero. If you backed out, I guess, could you give us little more color on the one-time issues whether it’s end-of-life inventory adjustments, et cetera? If you back that stuff what would gross margin have been sort of versus previous quarters?
Luke Larson: That’s a great question, Steve. I don’t know that I have the number off the top my head. I would say, the biggest two reasons were kind of deal mix in combination with some inventory write-offs for Flex 1 as well as end of year inventory adjustments. We do feel pretty confident that we are going to see margin expansion there especially the original cameras that are sold in are often discounted. And the next cameras that comes through will see a higher ASP, so we think that’s going to drive up the margin.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And then we are probably far enough along into this cycle that you’re starting to have some Axon deals come up for renewal. Any color around, I guess, renewal rates are sort of the tone you get when you go back sort of for the second or for the renewal of that contract?
Luke Larson: It’s still not a big enough sample size, but we are going to give the exact data on it. But that’s a great question, Steve, and I would say we feel really, really confident with having a very low churn rate. And actually, we are seeing just a lot of moment in these kinds of bundled deals with things like OSP and tightening the integration with our TASER line of products with offerings like Signal. And so, we feel really confident in a low churn rate.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And then I just want to make sure that I’m clear on the OpEx increase here. It was $40.3 million in the quarter, but that included some severance and then subsequently you made a couple of acquisitions. So, I mean, should we just think about the $40 million in add 4% to 6% sequentially?
Luke Larson: Yes. That’s correct.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And then presumably that will grow at some level sequentially after that or do you feel like you’re getting to the point where most of that fast growth is behind you?
Luke Larson: Yeah, we are not really going to provide annual guidance at this point. As Rick said, we are still putting together the plan to monetize these acquisitions. And so, I think as more information comes to light, we’ll communicate that at our user conference in June, and have more information at our investor events that we are going to hold once the CFO joins.
Steve Dyer: Got it.
Rick Smith: Yeah, I would add on that as well. Last year we provided some expense guidance, but then the business frankly grew significantly faster every quarter. The bookings numbers in particular were well above what we were expecting. And we were calibrating every quarter to the bookings, opportunities in front of us. So we ended up making so many adjustments to the annual number, that I think at this point we felt the most productive approach was to give you some guidance on Q1; and just let you guys know that if we see the opportunity to keep growing the business, we are going to keep making those investments. But we tend to give little more color I think quarter-to-quarter based on how we are seeing the business continue to grow. How Fleet gets accepted is going to be really a significant opportunity for us. And that’s where some of the investment in the fourth quarter came in, adding the right roles and people to be able to support the whole new implementation of rolling out in-car video and then the international space. So we’ll continue to calibrate relative to the bookings level.
Steve Dyer: Okay. One last question for me and I’ll hop back in the queue. Inventory was up pretty meaningfully, sequentially almost doubled year-over-year. Anything to read into that, is that just gen-2 Axon backlog or was there any sort of year-end push or pull around that?
Rick Smith: Yeah. I’ll take that one. We’ve really been in - at this point, we think it’s most important that we are able to satisfy orders quickly as the bookings have continued to grow. And frankly, earlier in the year we had some times where we felt we were not providing right customer experience. And so, we strategically made the decision that it made sense for us to ramp up some of our finished goods inventory to make sure that we are able to fulfill demand in a really timely fashion.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Saliq Khan of Imperial Capital. Your line is now open.
Saliq Khan: Great. Thank you. Hi, Patrick. Hi, Luke.
Rick Smith: Hi.
Saliq Khan: Hi, just two quick questions on my end. First one being is, if you take a look at the international bookings, there is still a relatively small part of the total bookings. So what do you need to do on your end to make sure that international bookings become a much larger percentage of the total bookings?
Luke Larson: Yes. So we see international as a really big opportunity. And what we really see opportunity is to have markets where we can sell our full product suite with both TASER, Axon and the service. Today, we see really, really big opportunities in the UK, Canada and Australia, where I would say we become kind of the market leader in terms of capturing significant footholds, and we’ll continue to drive out full deployments in our offerings there. And then our next big focus is on Continental Europe. And we’re in key discussions. Rick has actually spent a lot of time in Europe and might be able to add a little more color on that.
Rick Smith: Yes. So, again, I think we now got to the point where we’ve got really good momentum in our Tier 1 countries. So some of that required investing ahead, acquiring our formal distributor in the UK. And some of these beachhead accounts, we found sometimes getting into a market that we got to be more aggressive on pricing to get a foothold. And then we tend to see pricing return to more normal levels as we start to scale up in each market. So really at this point, what we need to do is just continue to execute really well. We feel great about the team we got on the field. We spent the last two years, really revamping our whole structure going much more with the direct sales force internationally. Now long-term, that’s going to lead better margins and a more reliable customer relationship. The downside of what we’ve seen over the past couple years is that you’ve got to invest in teams of people probably two years ahead of when you start to see meaningful revenue. But we should start to see some - we think that the tier 1 market will become more significant this year that the bookings are going to really start to become material. And then we should start to see some of what we considered in Tier 2 markets, start to place some initial orders and start to get some footholds.
Saliq Khan: Great. The other question I had was, previously you talked about the Tier 2 market. That market opportunity being roughly about $1 billion and so with little bit over 100,000 [ph] that you guys talked about previously. From the conversation that you had with your country managers, particularly in France, what feedback are they giving you right now regarding either the competition from low price providers that are out there or other reasons why they think that either 2018 or 2019 there could be other things outside of low price solution providers that could serve as headwinds as opposed to what they previously thought?
Rick Smith: Yes. I would say the main thing we’ve learned globally is we got to help our customers get to field trials, so that they are actually deploying the products in the field. That is where the game change is. When you’re buying it off of some arcane bureaucratic purchasing process that’s where you get things - like late last year, we had a large U.S. order that didn’t go our way and there was no field trial. So we’re really trying to be frankly aggressive in educating our customers. You can’t buy sophisticated technology with procurement processes that were built 20, 30 years ago for buying belts and holsters and that sort of stuff. So we’re really working proactively with our customers to enable field trials both in the U.S. and internationally. I think that’s our most powerful weapon. As our head of sales like to say, our best advocate is a well-educated customer. And we’re starting to see some real momentum around that where we’re starting to see a shift in perspective where agencies are starting to do some more field trials.
Saliq Khan: Great. Thank you, Rick.
Rick Smith: Yes. Thank you. Good questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin of Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Hey, guys. Congratulations on the terrific year and quarter. I wanted to ask a couple questions about the weapons side of the business for 2017. You saw 25% growth year-over-year. Can we safely assume that you expect that business, that segment I should say, to grow in 2017?
Rick Smith: We are still expecting growth. 2016 was really a banner year. I think we’re still prognosticating double-digit growth. We do see some opportunities where we could see some upside to that. But I would model it or plan on sort of double-digit - low double-digit growth - it’s not clear that we would be able to replicate the same level of growth we had this year.
Jeremy Hamblin: No. I understood. And just embedded within that you saw significant acceleration in the second half of the year on your single cartridge sales. In terms of why - what is driving that, is that really attributable to TASER 60, is that partly attributable to field usage on increasing, because you simply have more officers carrying the product. I think…
Luke Larson: Yes, Jeremy, that’s a good question. I would say attributable to the three things. You’ve got our service plans that include TASER 60 and the Officer Safety program, overall the strength in the business has reselling more TASER’s going to be selling more cartridges. And then we’ve actually introduced an unlimited cartridge plan as well, where officers can sign up to pay for their cartridges with the predictable line item. And so those kind of three key drivers are where we’re seeing the strength.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And then in terms of just a follow-up on that on the international side. You’ve obviously seen some success on body cameras, but in terms of the weapon side of your business. The profitability that you’re getting overseas on your weapons segment. How was that comparing to what you’ve seen in your U.S. markets, in terms of kind of your margin profile?
Rick Smith: This is Rick, I’ll take that one. I’d say generally international is somewhat favorable to the U.S. in general.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Best of luck this year.
Rick Smith: Yes. All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Glenn Mattson of Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi, question I guess for Luke. The 9,000 unit backlog, I believe it was in the video segment, is that can you talk about how that’s going to flow through as the year progresses?
Luke Larson: Yes. So as we mentioned Glenn, good to talk to you. There is a backlog of 9,000 seat today due to at just launching Flex 2, making sure we have good quality. In Q1, we expect to clear some of that, but the bulk of it is going to be cleared in Q2.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. So I’m just trying to think about the guidance for 25% sequential revenue growth, that was the number correct? - 25% year-over-year, right?
Luke Larson: Yes. We committed to 15% to 20% for year-over-year for the whole business.
Glenn Mattson: Okay.
Rick Smith: Hey, not for the whole year. In the first quarter, I think we are projecting 25% revenue growth for Q1.
Glenn Mattson: Right.
Rick Smith: That’s over Q1 of 2016.
Glenn Mattson: Right. I guess in order to get there, I mean weapons has been so strong. A part, I’m guessing due to the TASER 60 program. You have that kind of a significant down quarter and weapons assuming that video as imagine, the service business is not going to be down sequentially, maybe hardware fluctuates a little bit. But I wonder, what’s the thought process behind the drivers of the weapons being down so significantly sequentially?
Luke Larson: Yes. So seasonality in our business Q4 is always very, very strong quarter with it. So we believe year-over-year Q1 is going to be up from the previous Q1, but not sequentially the Q4 and that’s just normal business conditions for our market.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. It just seems a little more severe than in previous years the sequential. And then perhaps you’ve been just cautious, and maybe there was some driver in Q4 that was stronger than expected.
Luke Larson: Yes, Glenn. International in Q4 was a record for us. And so that’s also going to drive some of our thinking around what we’re communicating for Q1.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. Great. And then the free cash flow was affected this year by the changes in working capital, is that those changes expected to continue to affect free cash flow in 2017, or do they stabilize here of talking about like inventory and receivables growing?
Luke Larson: Arvind, I don’t know, if you want to comment to that?
Arvind Bobra: Yes. We would expect free cash flow to be relatively stable. We don’t expect working capital be a significant tap in free cash flow for 2017. Of course, we have some long-term receivables driven by our TASER 60 program, which may see a continued increase in 2017.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, great. Thanks for the color, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz of Oppenheimer. Your line is now open.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey, thanks, gentlemen. I’m not sure if you address this in the comments before. When you do the dash cameras, you start selling those commercially. What’s going to be the accounting treatment for those, will those be similar like an Officer Safety Plan will be more TASER 60 like you walk us through the different pieces there. And then additionally will you package dash camera with Officer Safety or with the weapons introduce the new program?
Luke Larson: Yes. So on the accounting, it’s going to be very similar to the body cameras, upfront hardware and service towards license. And then any kind of warranty will spread out over the deal.
Andrew Uerkwitz: And then implementation time for dash cameras, is that long like the body cameras where we could see an implementation over multiple quarters or just the pretty quick introduction?
Luke Larson: No, I think it’s going to be similar to the body cameras where you’ll have an agency and they might buy just for example several hundred, but they might rollout that over a couple of quarters.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Got it. Thank you. And then on RMS, I think Rick you mentioned, you can see that sometime in 2018. You could restart to see like a new product offering overall, and how you tackle rolling that out either discount some of these other program to get RMS in there or how do you see selling that into the end markets, once it gets close to being ready.
Rick Smith: Yes. At this point, I’d say strategically we haven’t announced anything and probably we don’t want to give too much color, operating in some pretty competitive spaces already with cameras, and so the RMS were new entrant. So we are certainly looking - one of these that, I think if you look at all the new products and services we’re talking about they share two characteristics. One, they increase the value of the ecosystem. They’re more valuable as a part of ecosystem, we’ve already built and make the ecosystem what we have more valuable by adding the new service. And each of them are new profitable, highly profitable product opportunity. So none of these things are big loss leaders, each of them will be able to stand on their own more profitability perspective. And then in terms of how we end up selling RMS in terms of bundling and what we do with fleets in the body camera programs. We tend to be very customer driven looking at what are the hot buttons frankly that matter to our customers, they did make the offers most compelling to them. One of the examples if I just sort of look back to history with body cameras, what we found in lot of cases is that customers really appreciate discounts on the hardware upfront. And we’ve been very successful gaining market share, and I think we’re now going to see the benefits of that is we start to get in to, I think in 2018 - 2017, we’ll start to see the kick-in where customers have gone on these replacement plan. And you’re going to see those second and third cameras, as the hardware goes in it’s going to be much more profitable on the back end, because the way we structured our programs is really catered to the way our customers what they were focused on. So I guess it’s a longwinded way of say, we’re not going to give any more color on it right now, then I could tell you we will apply a lot of creativity based on where our customers see values in bundling them together.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Sure. Understood. I appreciate that answer. Last question, as you guys have done a great job of penetrating Tier 1 cities. How do you see your sales force size? Is it sized appropriately as you approach Tier 2, Tier 3 and maybe even Tier 4 cities going forward to kind of drive that bookings growth?
Rick Smith: Yes. I think Andrew, we’re, go ahead, Luke.
Luke Larson: Yes. I think domestically, we’ve really built out a strong sales channel, where we got great coverage in all segments to the market. So their sales channel is going to be relatively flat, where we may continue to add additional SG&A cost, should be on kind of post-sales support and implementation, specifically around products like Fleet and RMS. But in terms of our domestic sales force, we feel like we felt just a really strong channel there today and that’s just remained relatively flat.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Great. Thanks, guys. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from George Godfrey of C.L. King. Your line is now open.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Good afternoon, gentlemen.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
George Godfrey: Just two questions, I mean, I wasn’t clear on the free cash flow from working capital impact in 2017. Historically, working capital has been a net contributor. Do you expect it to be a net contributor or a drag on free cash flow?
Luke Larson: Working capital in general?
George Godfrey: Yes.
Luke Larson: It’s tough to tell. But it generally should be relatively flat. Going into 2017, we have two kind of offsetting factors that we hadn’t had historically. We primarily had the prepayments for the hardware upgrades being a source of cash. But we have that little bit offset by the TASER 60 payment plan. So it really depends on the level of TASER 60 uptake in 2017 that really drive how much working capital we generated, cash in working capital.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then my other question, on the fleet camera. Is the pricing of the service component similar to the body camera or is there anything different depending upon the tier that shows in?
Luke Larson: George, great question. It’s going to be similar to the body camera.
George Godfrey: Okay. And then just to follow up on that. You said you already have some orders. So a two-part question. One is, I guess, there for some departments there isn’t a concern of overlapping services or cost as such an issue that they still feel the body camera on the officer as well as in the car as something they want. And then the flipside of that is, are you still - are you having to educate departments on the value of having two cameras or departments continuing to push back, say, no, we’ll choose one or the other but not both? Thank you for taking my questions.
Rick Smith: Yes, let me take that one. I would say, a few years ago I was under the impression that body cameras would obsolete the need for in-car cameras. And it turns out we’re dead wrong. Particularly for the state patrols, we had zero uptake in the state patrols until this last quarter. And now we won three of them and we got a bunch more that are going into testing. And the rationale was really the state patrols felt that they really needed the in-car camera. Frankly, I think it’s just become so much a part of their operating use case. So this is a qualitative statement. But I would say, in general, what we’re finding is not just the state patrols. That once agencies have gotten used to dash cams, I would say the vast majority of them want to maintain dash cams even if they add body cameras. And they typically already have preexisting budgets where they’ve just built it into. When they buy a patrol car, they’ve got budget money there to onset the car with an in-car camera and to allocate money towards the backend. And so we - I mean, we certainly aren’t having to educate them on the need for both. I would actually say, our customers educated us more on their need for both, namely if they’ve already had in-car.
George Godfrey: Understood. Thank you for taking my questions.
Rick Smith: Yes, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith for any further remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, thanks, everybody. I know it’s been a little bit of a long call. We had a lot to talk about. And, man, what an exciting year it was in 2016. As we’ve told you, we’ve been very focused on consolidating the market. We made a ton of progress there. And we’re really excited to continue that momentum this year and with some of the new service offerings we’re bringing out to start to launch some additional revenue streams. So it’s really exciting time to be at TASER. We are delighted to have you shareholders. And we look forward to seeing you all at our shareholder meeting coming up in May. And with that, I wish, everyone a good day and we’ll see you all soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-09 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer and Founder
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Jeff Kessler - Imperial Capital Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann David Burdick - Dougherty & Company George Godfrey - CL King
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the TASER International Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn to your host for today’s conference, Mr. Luke Larson, President. Mr. Larson, you may begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s third quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the TASER International website. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials including our key operating metrics are available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We will follow the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Inc. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date in which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in a press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as our other SEC filings in our website, www.taser.com. And with that, I will hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Dan and good afternoon everyone. I have the distinct pleasure of once again being able to report great results that are the result of tremendous work by just a fantastic team of people that I am blessed to work with. We had a tremendous quarter, with strong domestic and international revenue growth across our Axon network of connected devices, applications and people, a network which now connects over half of the major city police departments in the United States and dozens of the major prosecutor offices. Our results reflect the continued strong demand for our range of technology solutions and reinforce our belief that our vision and strategy continue to resonate with our customer base. In the third quarter, we expanded our major city presence with wins in Cincinnati and Atlanta, an agency which we won back from a competitor, where the agency had initially selected a competing body camera and yet ultimately saw this was much bigger than body cameras and they saw the value in joining the Axon Network. Since Q3 of last year, we have added 12 major new cities on our Axon platform and we now have an active presence in 35 of the 68 major U.S. cities. Our pipeline remains stronger than ever and we are optimistic about our outlook for the rest of this year and into 2017. Our customers value the advantages of our platform, including cost savings, intuitive features, proven reliability, the ability to scale and peace of mind. Most importantly, the value of our network of people, devices and apps continues to grow in value as we add more people and technology into the ecosystem. I am excited to report that we shipped over 30,000 cameras in the quarter, which to put it into perspective is approximately equal to the number of cameras we shipped in the first three quarters of 2015 combined. The strong camera shipments, along with our push to realized contractual milestones and fulfilled terms on held revenue, led to a 51% sequential increase in annual recurring revenue from $21 million to $32 million. In 2016, we have executed on establishing a strong beachhead presence in our focused Tier 1 international markets. We now have several major accounts in the UK, including the three largest agencies in the UK in the National Rail Police. We have major accounts in Australia and several active trials in Canada. We are pushing deep into our current Tier 1 markets. In the third quarter, international revenue was $11.3 million or 16% of our record $71.9 million of consolidated revenue. We are coming off another strong showing at the IACP, the International Association of Chiefs of Police held in San Diego, where we had over 3,000 visitors to our booth. Our virtual reality experience gave officers a unique 360-degree immersive view of how the Axon Network of people, devices and apps enables them to go with confidence from the field to the courtroom. We also announced our all-new point-of-view Axon Flex 2, a camera with unmatched durability, best-in-class HD retina low-light image quality and enhanced wearability. The Flex 2 is the first wearable camera that has the polymer molded directly around the electronics encasing them in a solid brick of protection from abuse and weather. We know how tough cops are in equipment and the Flex 2 takes our durability up another notch. We have also increased the retention strength by over 300% while improving the user interface of all of our mounting options. This is one of our critical differentiators for the Flex product line. And of course, we have extended our industry-leading retina low-light capabilities to full 1080P HD video and yet we still remain – retain the ability to buffer video for a full 12-hour shift, even in 1080P. Customers love the new Flex 2. And initial shipments are expected in December with full production ramping in early 2017. During IACP, we laid out our vision to reboot the entire enterprise software ecosystem of public safety built around video and multimedia at its core, phasing out paperwork and labor-intensive manual data input, but automating data collection through our sensors and our apps. We see this as a breakthrough capability only possible with our network of devices, apps and people. We are uniquely positioned to extend the concept of body-worn video. From today, it’s something that protects an officer – an individual officer in high-profile cases to a capability that automates the entire process of gathering, analyzing and acting on information in every incident of every kind. We see an opportunity to expand our current offerings on the Axon platform with the addition of a next generation records management system, or RMS. RMS is the central technology hub of public safety, including law enforcement, fire safety and medical emergency response. RMS systems are typically – they are just simple digitizations of the same paperwork driven workload of the last 100 years. We think multimedia information is far richer and far more compelling and can actually be far more efficient to gather and analyze. Just as smartphones with apps like Twitter, iMessage, Facebook and Snapchat have changed the way that we all communicate in our personal lives we believe wearable cameras with the Axon Network can revolutionize the backbone of public safety information infrastructure. And we are well along on the hardest part, which is building the network, getting the nation’s leading law enforcement agencies on the network platform. And they are now deploying over 100,000 of our camera nodes. Now, we can leverage this unique network to replace the outdated manual information systems that are prevalent today. Now another key development that’s moving us forward in this strategy around our creation of this rich, hardware software ecosystem was the addition of Todd Basche to our management team. Todd has a long history of innovation both as an entrepreneur, where he helped create the category for personal portable scanners and as an executive. While he was at Apple working directly with Steve Jobs, Todd proposed consolidating a number of different software products into the iLife suite, which included iTunes, iMovie, iPhoto etcetera. Jobs approved the project and appointed Todd to lead the effort. Now, as we discussed our strategy with our customers, we sometimes use the analogy that we are building something very similar to the Apple ecosystem, only we are building it for public safety rather than the consumer market. What a wonderful advantage we now have to have one of the leaders of the Apple transformation bringing that DNA into our executive team and into our product development programs. Todd has only been here for a few weeks, but I can tell you, I am having a ball working with him. His creativity, imagination and operational rigor are going to add tremendous value to our company. And I hope you, as our shareholders, can understand how excited I am to have him on board. We are going to do great things together. Todd, if you are listening, welcome aboard, man. Alright. As the next step in our evolution, we have started development of this cloud-based alternative to digital RMS, which I talked about. Now, the domestic addressable market for RMS includes all law enforcement, including both patrol and non-patrol officers, both sworn officers and civilians of all public safety, including fire and emergency medical services. As a result, the RMS market is more than double the size of our current addressable market which was primarily patrol officers. RMS represents an extension of our Axon platform and customers would also pay a monthly service fee for this new service. We believe that TAM, or the total addressable market, for RMS will more than double the TAM of this – that we have today for our current digital evidence management solutions. We have informed our customers that we will preview the Axon RMS solution at our user conference in June of 2017 and we had very strong interest from agencies interested in joining us as development partners as we develop this customer driven technology platform. We look forward to updating you on our progress on this exciting program in 2017. Now, we have gotten some questions about the long-term model that we published at our last Analyst Day. We remain very bullish on our model and our ability to build a large, sustainable, sticky and profitable business in our Axon segment. With the addition of RMS, which more than doubles the total available market, we see even more growth opportunity to build our business with high margin sustainable solutions. Before turning it over to Luke Larson, our President for additional details on the quarter, I would like to say a few words on today’s announcement that our CFO, Dan Behrendt, will be transitioning from TASER in the first half of 2017. Dan has been a tremendous contributor to the organization in his time with us. He has brought financial discipline and focus to the organization through several major inflection points in our development as a company. I want to thank him for the critical role he has played and the dedication he has demonstrated throughout. I also want to thank him for agreeing to stay on Board through Q4 reporting and filing the 10-K as we navigate this transition period and identify someone to fill the big shoes that Dan will be leaving behind. Dan, thanks for all you have done and for being a good friend to me and to the company and a good steward for our shareholders over the last 12 years. And with that, I am going to turn it over to Luke.
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. We had an exceptionally strong third quarter in 2016 and I am proud to share the highlights of our accomplishments. Revenues came in at a record $71.9 million, with international sales contributing $11.3 million to the total. Our other key metrics also showed continued strength within the quarter. Bookings on our Axon platform were $57.5 million in the third quarter, an increase of 56% compared to the third quarter of 2015, but down sequentially due to $20.5 million LAPD booking in the second quarter. Annual recurring revenue in the third quarter was $32 million, an increase of 51% from the second quarter as we converted over 22,000 booked seats to paid seats. Our active paid seat count increased as we shipped over 30,000 total cameras in the quarter and worked through our Axon Body 2 camera backlog. In the third quarter, we booked approximately 15,600 incremental new seats on our Axon platform. That brings our cumulative total of booked seats to 110,600 since the inception and represents growth of 16% sequentially. Operating income in the TASER Weapons segment was 38% in the third quarter of 2016, up from 33.2% in the second quarter. The increase was driven by record revenues in the segment and manufacturing efficiency. The ratio of lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the third quarter was 4.9, which was up slightly year-over-year and is a reflection of strong bookings resulting from our investments. On a sequential basis, it was down from 2016 second quarter, which benefited from higher booked seats related to the LAPD award. I am really excited about the momentum we have in all parts of our business. For our TASER Weapons, we are seeing broader adoption and deeper penetration both domestically and internationally. Our TASER payment plan programs, TASER 60 and the Officer Safety Plan, are helping accelerate sales domestically and increasing our warranty attachment rate. Our growing installed base of weapons is helping drive cartridge sales, which is a source of recurring revenue for TASER, though not reflected in our ARR metric. In the Axon segment, customers continued to resonate with our current product offering and the vision of the future. As we expand into additional solutions for law enforcement and bring them onto our platform, this creates enormous value to our customer base. Internationally, we continue to win major accounts on our Axon platform in our Tier 1 focus markets. In Australia for example, we have won two key counts with Queensland and the Northern Territory. We have several active trials in key accounts in Canada, Australia and in the UK. We continue to welcome new agencies to the Axon platform. During the period, we announced major city wins in Cincinnati and Atlanta. Atlanta was an especially meaningful win for us because they had previously chosen one of our competitors. However, the city realized the need for a full end to end hardware-software ecosystem and have now decided to join the Axon network. Following the close of the quarter and earlier this week, we received notice that we were awarded the Seattle Police Department body cam and digital evidence management contract. So there had been some noise in the market of late around less well-established competitors trying to blunt our momentum and gain market share with lower priced offerings. The recent Seattle PD win is a great example of the strong customer acceptance of TASER and the demonstrated performance of our platform as a key differentiator. In our press release on the Seattle award, we linked the preliminary and final scoring of our product versus our competitors. And the initial scoring, based on written evaluation, TASER was virtually tied with two other competitors, as with most large agencies, though. Seattle PD opted for a thorough product testing of the full hardware and software solution and also was made aware that certain competitor capabilities were not yet developed. After thorough testing and review, we received the highest score by a wide margin and were subsequently awarded the contract. This is very noteworthy and indicative of the real value of the platform. Time and time again, agencies that undertake field tests recognized the superiority of our offering. When our customers trial our products in the real-world situations, difference between us and the competitors is clear between how our full solution stacks up to the commodity camera offerings of our competitors. This is a testament, in part, to the time we spend with our customers to best understand their needs and then innovate and expand the platform feature set to meet their requirements. When field tests have been conducted as part of the process, our win rate stands at nearly 100%. Price is often a consideration and we work with our law enforcement partners to ensure that we are responsive and competitive. But time and time again, field tests provide agencies with the assurance that they will be purchasing a vastly superior experience with TASER and that others simply cannot deliver at scale regardless of how they price their body cameras. I am really happy about the progress we have made in 2016 and we expect to close out the year strong with lots of momentum to carry us into 2017. And while it’s too early to discuss any financial expectations for the coming year, I am excited about shipping full deployments of Axon fleet, continuing to consolidate the major cities on our Axon platform, adding new customers on our TASER payment plan and growing international bookings and revenue and developing our record management system on the Axon platform. And now, I will turn the call over to our CFO, Dan Behrendt.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Luke and thanks Rick, for the very kind words. It’s been a tremendous opportunity to work with both of you along with everyone else at TASER over the last 12 years. When I joined TASER in 2004, we are focused solely on our weapons business with annual sales of just under $68 million. Today, we offer a comprehensive cloud platform solution along with our weapons products and combined revenue for the recent quarter was nearly $70 million, which surpasses our full year revenue total in my first year. And then on a trailing 12-month basis, revenue is now more than $240 million. That significant revenue growth and diversification has required the build-out and scaling of our finance capabilities and processes. I am proud to have led that effort as we have established the top notch finance team with the capabilities and resources required to see TASER through its next phase of growth. I look forward to working with the team over the next – over the coming months to ensure a smooth transition. And now onto the results for the quarter, as Luke said, revenues for the third quarter set yet another record, increasing 43% from the prior year to $71.9 million. The increase was driven by a 34% increase in the Weapons segment revenues and the 75% increase in the Axon Video segment revenues. The increase in Weapons segment was driven by growth in both domestic and international sales. Domestically, we are seeing continued success of our TASER payment programs such as TASER 60 and the Officer Safety Plan in agencies of all sizes. In fact, the top three domestic deals – weapons deals in Q3 were all TASER 60 deals. The growth in the Axon segment is driven by the shipment of over 30,000 body-worn cameras as they work through the Axon 2 backlog, as previously anticipated. This drove up an increase in both our hardware revenue and the number of active paid seats, which narrowed the gap between the booked seats and paid active seats. Total international revenues in the third quarter increased 69% from the prior year to $11.3 million or nearly 16% of the total revenue for the period. We saw strong sales in several markets with no single country accounted for more than 25% of our international revenue. We continue to have strong momentum in both Weapons segment and the Axon bookings in our targeted international markets. However, as we discussed previously, due to the procurement patterns and typical size of our international orders, we expect to see some revenue lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter in the international part of our business. On our last call in August, we mentioned that we shipped 10,000 cameras in July we are on track for record shipments in the third quarter. We ended up shipping approximately 30,000 cameras in the quarter more than doubling our previous record of 13,300 cameras set in the previous quarter. As anticipated, we do not see a commensurate increase in camera revenue due to additional discounting initial camera purchases, but the gross margins on the underlying contracts continue to meet or exceed our expectations. As a reminder, over 80% of our contracts include the TASER Assurance Plan feature, under which customers prepay for the future camera upgrades. Future hardware upgrades under the program will have a lower applied discount in the initial capital purchase, and as such, will flow through the P&L at a higher average selling price. Axon segment service revenue grew 78% sequentially driven by the additional active paid seats to the Axon platform and a $1.7 million in catch-up service revenue. The catch-up revenue was due to the recognition of service revenue previously held due to delay in meeting contractual terms and milestones on certain of our contracts. Annual recurring revenue in the third quarter which excludes the impact of the onetime catch-up revenue was $32 million, representing a sequential growth of 51%. During the quarter, we are also able to reduce the delta between our booked seats and active paid seats by almost 7,000 seats. As a reminder, there will always be a delta between the booked and paid seats due to the customer request for stage deployments and the lag of service revenue beginning the month following the shipment of cameras. Camera shipments on new orders remain strong and we expect continued growth in our annual recurring revenue. As we look to our full year 2016 results, Q4 is typically the highest revenue quarter of the year. But given the strength of the Q3 results, the $1.7 million catch-up in service revenue and the shipment of the backlog cameras, we expect that Q4 revenue will be relatively flat with Q3, which we still view as very encouraging, indicative of the momentum in our business. Bookings were up 56% from the prior year, but down $14.5 million from the second quarter due to the $20.5 million LAPD booking in the second quarter, which made for a tough sequential comparison. Excluding the LAPD contract, bookings were up sequentially. Our bookings pipeline remains strong and we expect to see continued wins in both small and large agencies. Future contracted revenues at September 30 were $302 million, an increase of 15% sequentially from the second quarter, which was driven by our strong bookings, which made up of about service and hardware components. Gross margins in the third quarter were 64.8% on a consolidated basis compared to 61.7% in the prior year period. The increase in gross margins was driven by manufacturing efficiencies in Weapons segment and the benefit of the $1.7 million of catch-up service revenue and favorable mix impact with the higher margin service revenue taking up a larger proportion of our total sales. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased to $28.1 million compared to $17.8 million in the third quarter of the prior year. This increase is primarily due to increased headcount, variable compensation and consulting expenses. Additionally, in the third quarter, we had approximately $2 million of non-recurring legal expenses and professional fees. Research and development expenses of $7.4 million compared to $6.5 million in the prior year. The increase is almost entirely driven by increased headcount in our Axon segment. As we mentioned in our last call, we expect our operating expenses guidance to increase by 2% to 3% to end up in the range of $130 million to $132 million for the year. Our strongest sales and bookings growth results in increased wearable compensation, but excluding our non-recurring expenses in Q3 of approximately $2 million and Q4 severance expense, we still expect to stay within our prior range. We are pleased with the results of our investment growth initiatives and continue to do opportunistic investment initiatives that drive customer adoption, broaden our customer reach and expand the offerings on our platform, our message, the one area that Rick highlighted which complements the continued development of our Axon cloud platform solution. In the third quarter, we had approximately $700,000 of other expense related to exchange rate fluctuations between the British pound and the U.S. dollar. Income tax expense for the quarter was $6.8 million for an effective tax rate of 63.9%. We are adversely affected by losses in foreign entities, which we do not currently expect to receive a tax benefit from. Additionally, we recognized unfavorable provision tax return true-up relating to our 2015 tax return filed in September. The combined impact of the foreign entity losses, which we do not currently expect to receive a tax benefit from, and the return provision true-up is approximately $1.5 million or $0.03 per share – $0.03 per diluted share. We expect the fourth quarter effective tax rate to be in the 44% to 47% range. Operating cash flow in the third quarter of 2016 was $11.6 million, a decrease of $7.7 million compared with the third quarter of 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by an increase in inventory, long-term customer receivables and prepaid commissions offset by an increase in accounts payable and net income. As a reminder, as the number of TASER 60 deals increase, we will see an adverse near-term effect on cash from operations, because customers will pay for the weapon over 5 years rather than the entire amount at sell-in. For most TASER 60 customers, weapons revenue will be recognized at sell-in and the warranty revenue will be recognized over the life of the contract. We still believe this is a very attractive tradeoff as it allows agencies to purchase weapons and upgrade their weapons at a schedule with lower upfront cost, while also increasing the warranty attachment rate. One of the things we announced in the Q that we are filing today as we have canceled our Rule 10b-5 share repurchase plan based on the initial success of our TASER payment plan options in order to allow us to have flexibility as we run the business going forward. And with that, I am going to turn the call back over to the Q&A session of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Steve Dyer with Craig-Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Thank you. Dan, best of luck. You will be missed. Thanks for everything. Great quarter, guys. A couple of different questions. Weapons overall was very strong in the quarter, both handles as well as cartridges. Can you elaborate a little bit more on what drove that? Were there any large one-time orders, especially on the cartridge side? Any more color there whether it was domestic or international, etcetera?
Rick Smith: Yes. This is Rick. The – really, the subscription payment plans are really being well received. I think our three largest orders all came in on some sort of subscription plan. And in those, we have bundled together for the customer what they may like is it we are sort of taking a lot of the unpredictability out of the cost. So, we include things like warranty and service, but also 5 years worth of cartridges in many cases or at least in some of those plans. So that can also help drive the cartridge volume. So, it’s primarily domestic, I would say, is what was driving most of that volume.
Steve Dyer: Got it. And then just from an accounting standpoint, do you actually send out the cartridges right away or is that just you are recognizing the revenue for those and we will send them out as the contract progresses?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. Yes, typically, we would be sending the cartridges out with the handles. They have a shelf life that’s certainly the life of the weapon itself, so there is no issue with delivering them upfront.
Steve Dyer: Okay, great. And then on the Axon side, you obviously worked through a lot of the backlog did you still have some remaining Axon 2 backlog entering Q4 or did you work through all of that?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. We always have a little bit of a backlog just orders received in the last few days of the quarter, but we certainly built up our camera backlog to the point where we are certainly able to meet the demand as it comes in. We don’t have the significant backlog we finished Q2 with.
Steve Dyer: Okay, okay. I guess, just back on the weapons then. I am wondering, as you kind of think about future growth rates and it seems like you always talked about sort of 10% to 15%ish on a CAGR basis. Does anything changing there or are you pulling some weapons demand from future years forward because of the offer and the terms right now or how should we think about sort of overall growth?
Luke Larson: Yes. I think we are still really confident in that 15% growth target. I think the service plans are seeing a lot of traction with TASER 60 and OSP. We currently don’t disclose what percentage of the deals, are on those service plans, but that’s something as it becomes a bigger part of our business, we will think through how we communicate that to investors. The other item I would say internationally we still have a lot of opportunity, the need for a non-lethal alternatives is a universal problem and we feel really good about the teams that we are building out in those markets.
Rick Smith: If I could add in there as well, Luke, this is Rick, obviously, we have seen some of the larger agencies this year start to expand towards full deployment with LAPD now moving towards putting TASERs out for every officer. But the mayor of Chicago has made comments that they are going to make TASERs available to all their frontline officers. We are hearing rumblings from some of the other largest agencies in the country that idea is really gaining traction in the world that we live in now. Frankly, with cameras everywhere, including the ones that cops are wearing everything that they can do to avoid using lethal force is becoming an imperative. So we see the expansion in the larger accounts and then these subscription plans are helping agencies accelerate their deployments. And we also feel pretty confident that that’s also going to accelerate the upgrade cycle, which if we can take the upgrade cycle from like an 8-year to 10-year proposition, which if you include people who haven’t upgraded, that’s maybe about where we are sitting today, if we can accelerate that down to a 5-year upgrade cycle, that basically doubles the size of the business over a 5-year time horizon in terms of the replacement cycle. So we think between that and the international segments that there is just still so much white space that we are feeling really good about the growth opportunities in the quarter.
Steve Dyer: Great, that’s very helpful. And then last question for me and I will pass it along, I know you don’t want to talk probably too much about next year, but as we think about OpEx, it’s been a little bit of a moving target and now we sort of seem to be zeroed in on a level, is next year the year you can sort of find some leverage on that, I mean do you feel like you are at a point where you are well staffed and spending to sort of still grow or are there still a lot of things to spend on and a lot of growth in the expenses as well?
Luke Larson: Steve, great question, 2016 has been a fantastic year for us year-to-date with revenue up over 30%. We expect to have some tailwind going into 2017 with a lot of our paid seats coming back. We are actually still working through our budgeting process for next year. And I think our philosophy here is as long as we continue to see the opportunity that aligns with our investors, we will continue to build out the core teams that we need to gain the dominant market share.
Rick Smith: I would add in a little bit there, too. I would say that especially with things like RMS, we are going to continue to see some growth in R&D to support something that doubles the total available market. And I think given our position, where we are at now with this unique position of having the majority of the market now on our platform is our ability to develop and deploy, frankly a business that could match the size of our current Axon business. And it should be a lot more cost effective than it was to build that first business over the past 7 years or 8 years. That we – we are going to continue to see, I would say, some investment in R&D and then in the SG&A with international opportunities. We are really starting to see some fruit there, right. You are looking at what’s happening in the UK, Australia, in Canada and then we have got some of the non-English speaking countries that do some of the formative work we did over the last year, I think we will start to see next year. So we are continuing to watch things to make sure that the overall revenue growth trajectory of the business is heading the right direction such that the investments we are making are all being looked down on an ROI-type basis. And we will be getting back to you guys, obviously as we get into 2017. We are still kind of fleshing out our model. Frankly, part of what happened this year is the bookings growth in particular and the revenue growth really exceeded our internal expectations. So as the year went along, we were sort of recalibrating spend to sustain and augment the growth. So we are now going through really analyzing 2017, so we can give you some good numbers in the first part of the year.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Thanks again and congratulations.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Mark Strouse with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Mark Strouse: Yes. Hey guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Congrats on the strong 3Q here. Dan, I would also like to say best of luck and thank you very much for all your help over the years. So Luke, I know you don’t want to get into details, but I just wanted to press here a little bit more on Seattle, so I can appreciate your commentary around quality versus the price based competition, but – from our side of the house here, is it fair to say, generally, that the Seattle contract will be similar to pricing to your other contracts that you have already secured despite the NYPD noise?
Luke Larson: Yes. I think Seattle would be a good proxy for how we would handle the majority of major cities. I would like to add a little bit of color just on how we think about NYPD. We think that that’s kind of an anomaly in terms of how they play into the market. It’s drastically larger. We also – with that deal, we think there is still an opportunity for us to come back and win that over the long-term with one of the solutions that we bring to market. And fundamentally, we think the landscape hasn’t changed. Our head of sales likes to say, an informed customer is our competitor’s worst nightmare. And we really believe that when they do these trials, they see the value of the system that we have created, specifically around the value of the workflow and when you start to add in the cost that it takes for them to do these processes manually as well as the exposure that they would have, if they were to have a security breach. In Charlotte, had a major high profile video where they had several groups calling for the release of the video and we worked with Charlotte PD to handle that situation. And I think that’s something that none of our competitors could do is provide that level of security.
Rick Smith: We put our security operations team hand in hand, so we were working with the customer, threat monitoring, monitoring network traffic and taking very proactive info set capabilities to help our customers out.
Luke Larson: So to just answer your question Mark, we do think Seattle is a good proxy for the rest of the major cities. And final point for me on this is when agencies field trial, we feel very confident in our solution. And then the last item I would say is, it’s just part of our strategy to get them onto our platform and then we can expand the platform with future capabilities like RMS, which Rick talked about in his section.
Rick Smith: And just to be super clear, the Seattle pricing is consistent with prior contracts. So – and hen one other thing I would add is it’s not just about – your question talks about quality. This isn’t just about quality. It’s really about capabilities. I think fundamentally, what we are competing with are camera vendors selling cameras. The majority of our investments has been around the integrated hardware-software experience. And unfortunately, we had New York and frankly Phoenix PD, both just kind of tested cameras and priced out cameras and like the price of cheap cameras. We are doing everything we can. And frankly, I don’t think those are fully baked yet, where some of the people are asking questions, given the complexity of deploying thousands of cameras, maybe a field trial is in order. And it’s not just again the quality of the cameras, it’s the full ecosystem of information management and sharing. There is a pretty rich enterprise software program on the back end of this. And once we get agencies looking at that, there is no one else in the market that can deliver on it. Now of course, everybody can put together a PowerPoint that says, we are in the cloud and we will do this. And sure, we will have docks that connects the cloud by sometime in the middle of next year if you give us the deal, it’s a whole lot different when people ask to deliver on it. And one of the things that we – our customers will tell you and we take great pride in, our customers do not fail. We do not allow them to fail. And that’s a combination of the investments we made in technology, but also customer service and support and field engineers and sales engineers and training staff. And all of that has to come together for a large scale program to roll out effectively.
Mark Strouse: Got it, okay. And then just one more and I will hop back in queue here, it’s my understanding that the deployments under the London Met program have begun, were there – are you able to quantify how much of an impact that was, if at all, to 3Q bookings. And then how we should think about those deployments and that the impact of bookings over time? Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yes. I think so the London Met was included in bookings. There was a little bit of a small true-up in the quarter. They are a very strategic customer for us, as we have talked about. Some of the dynamics in first mover agencies, beachhead accounts in international agencies, maybe on a more different or aggressive pricing model, but we are not going to shine a lot of visibility on it frankly, for strategic reasons.
Mark Strouse: Great, okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Kessler with Imperial Capital. Your line is now open.
Jeff Kessler: Thank you. Thank you for taking my question. And Dan, for the short time we have known each other, congratulations. Of course quickly on – on IACP, did you demo enough video multimedia integration to show that somehow you could get the end user to believe that that upgrade cycle because of greater technology, greater integration that was needed that you got feedback saying that their upgrade cycle might be shortened by – on the services side?
Dan Behrendt: I think the service – we are talking about the service plans increasing the – I am sorry, decreasing the length of the upgrade cycle.
Jeff Kessler: Yes.
Dan Behrendt: That’s primarily on the Weapons side. The upgrade cycle on the camera side is actually kind of built-in, because the majority of our customers on the Axon side actually choose service plans that include automatic upgrades that happen every 2.5 to 3 years. So, that’s kind of baked into the service plan.
Jeff Kessler: Okay.
Dan Behrendt: And so, yes, it’s something like 80% are choosing those plans. So, it’s really that same dynamic we are trying to replicate over in the weapons side of the house. Now we don’t have a lot of data, because those agencies really are just maybe in the next year starting to come up, the first agencies, who went on these service plans 5 years ago. But I would say, as long as we have got compelling new products for them, cops really like weapons. I mean, it’s an important part of what they do and we are pretty confident that what we have identified is the budget cycles have a main impediment, but if we are bringing on compelling new product offerings and they have already got a budget line item assigned to it, yes, we think that really should help accelerate it, but we do – it’s still too early for us to have statistically relevant data on that.
Jeff Kessler: On a real-time basis – on a real-life basis in discussion, how are you getting – how the sales – or how to get your clients to upgrade to RMS, what is the pitch and what is the mechanism by which they are doing that?
Luke Larson: Jeff, that’s a great question. So, we have really started these discussions at this year’s IACP about the capability of the ecosystem. We have got a great user conference lined up for next year, where we are really inviting a lot of our existing Axon and Evidence.com customers, actual users of the system to come to that user conference where we will talk to them about the RMS capabilities. And the real benefit that we have is that just the TASER brand strength and the customer experiences they provide, the vast majority of our customers really value the TASER experience that we have created. And I talked with probably over 300 customers at IACP and the general response which was very high was customers were interested in expanding to more capabilities on our platform.
Rick Smith: Yes. And really what we are setting up here is a record management system is the core ERP of a law enforcement agency. So, these things have very longer sales cycles and long implementation timelines historically. So, we are beginning the process now of discussions with our customers and frankly getting them the opportunity to be participants in how we are developing and with how we are prioritizing the features of this, but ultimately if you think about it today records and police work are primarily text-based. It’s the cops who need computer typing about stuff. That’s sort of the world of 50 years ago, right? We used to get our news and information reading the newspaper. Now, we are totally transitioned where we are consuming multimedia information, photos, videos, whether it’s Snapchat, or frankly watching a game on TV as opposed to reading a newspaper about a sports game. Similarly, a law enforcement activity or report, when you can show people a video, it is a 1,000 times more informative and more credible and more transparent than anything you could ever achieve with all the time we spent creating paperwork. And so what we basically have announced is a vision that says we are going to use these videos to be your report and we will extract from those videos the information that needs to be searchable and shareable and redefining what a police report is for the 21st century. And I would say that vision absolutely struck a nerve where customers were like, yes, I had one guy I think the Minnesota chief came up to me, he was emotional and he was like I have been talking about this for 10 years. It seems like it’s finally happening. But we are early in the process, where we have the June conference, where we are going to be showing sort of the initial product and helping customers help us iterate on it, but you don’t expect this to be a revenue product in the short-term, but it can be a very large one in the long-term.
Jeff Kessler: Okay, last question about that and that is the feedback you are getting from customers on this, are you beginning to develop analytics that are going to create the type of user experience that they want? I mean, that’s an obvious question, you are going to say yes to it, but the real question is, is the value proposition that you present how is that going to be reflected in the way – in the suggestions they are giving you to put into this new product?
Rick Smith: Got it. So, what we think about it, all the information that we would ever need for a police report is based on what an officer sees, hears and thinks during an incident. Our cameras can capture what he sees and hears and with a little bit of dictation, we can capture what he thinks or what the perceptions were. So, very – really, this is about – our sensor is doing the information gathering into the back end. Now, where we need a lot of customer input is what are the most important features early on and what should the user experience feel like and what do they want to dictate versus what they do want to type and where do you selections and drop-down menus? And this isn’t going to happen overnight where we have this incredible artificial intelligence robot or agent that’s able to watch the videos and write the reports for us. So, there is sort of an element of crawl, walk, run, as we move into the end state, where ultimately we do want to get to where the AI tools that are so rapidly evolving or machine learning and natural language transcription sort of the big data use your buzzword of the day, all these technologies that are rapidly advancing in sort of the core tech industries. For us, it’s the sort of magic here is we don’t – we are not going to develop all those groundbreaking tools, but it’s us mapping them on top of the right user experience that’s appropriate given the maturity of the technology today and developing the user interface that just works for a street cop with minimal training. So, just one quick example, one of the first things we launched is transcription. So, our customers can now mark any video or any segment of the video and say, I want this transcribed. Now in the future, we would love to have a computer do that transcription, but the fact is today computers are not that great at transcription, particularly of sort of messy audio like you would get in a police report. So, that is – we have taken that business process and we have managed that through a partnership, with a partner that has lots of people that are court certified transcriptionists. And in many states, actually if you are going to submit a video to court, you have to have a transcription. Well, now for our customer, that’s as simple as clicking a button. You have to pay for it. We have all the back end of transporting that through court-certified transcriptionists and it will the next day or so magically show up in Evidence.com. So again, this is sort of mapping that what level of things can we do with technology versus people services and then taking that into the future and having a good strategy and good understanding of where the right technologies meet the right customer needs at the right point of maturity.
Jeff Kessler: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Great questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi, congrats on the results for the quarter, guys and Dan congrats on moving on in a great job at TASER. So, I just want to highlight on the weapons outperformance again this quarter. In the subscription plans and how it’s recognized, so you said you are going to recognize 5 years worth of cartridges upfront, but the weapon, the handle itself that gets recognized over time? Is that right?
Dan Behrendt: So typically, we will recognize the handle and the cartridges delivered upfront. There is a couple of different TASER safety plans, one that includes just a few cartridges, one that includes more cartridges, depending on which plan people will record with a hand on the cartridges with the sell-in and then record a long-term receivable. TASER recognized overtime is the warranty.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. It feels – I wonder if the cartridge number is going to be inflated for a couple of quarters and then drop off. And I guess unless there is a big pickup in overall handles, is that kind of how that would smooth out?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. And a lot of it will depend on how many of the TASER 60 programs we sell. I think one of the things we are seeing at least early on is that people are buying more weapons at upfront. So, instead of buying, say a fifth of their arsenal each year for 5 years, they buy them all upfront, because the cash flow impact is the same and they can sort of upgrade their entire installed base at the same time. So – and as a result, we sell more cartridges at that point as well. So, I think it’s – certainly, we will see how it flushes out, but we see this as being just a big net positive for just the weapon segment in total.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. And then – but other than that, you said the three largest deals were on the subscription plan. But I just wonder if those plans would take some time to hammer out and come into the quarter, I think you guys were kind of guiding to just kind of flattish or down after a big front half of the year in weapons, so – but the demand kind of surprised you in the quarter, I guess?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. It’s definitely stronger than we expected. And again, I think that these subscription plans are making a difference. I think they are helping to drive business and helping to make the overall deal sizes a little bit bigger. So again, some of this is potentially buying. Our cash flows maybe are going to be as reflective as the deal size because people are paying over time. And on a revenue perspective, we are seeing just larger revenues because people are gravitating towards these plans and buying more products.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, great. And then – with the comment you made on the flat – I think you said, typically Q4 is a lot higher, but you think it’s been closer to flat to Q3, was that regarding the total revenue or was that one segment, I didn’t quite catch that?
Dan Behrendt: That’s the total revenue.
Glenn Mattson: Total revenue, okay. But that’s minus the one-time catch-up payment, right, excluding that, I mean...?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we expect – I think the one-time catch-up is one of the reasons we expect it to be relatively flat because we had some items that certainly helped Q3. So we think Q4 will be in line with Q3.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. Alright, great. Thanks guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin with Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
David Burdick: Hi there. This is David Burdick on for Jeremy. Thanks for taking my question and great quarter guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
David Burdick: I just wanted to touch on the Axon service revenue growth, it looks like it had quite a big jump of 80% sequentially, just wanted – hopefully, you could provide some more color on that as well as I wasn’t sure if I caught it or not, but could you tell us the active users growth in Q3 by chance?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I will start with the last part. We didn’t say the exact growth. We did narrow the spread between the booked seats, which we disclosed and the active paid seats. We don’t disclose the exact number for the active paid seats. But Q3 was benefited from few things. One is the catch-up service revenue of $1.7 million. So that certainly helped and then the fact that we had a lot of the cameras that we shipped in Q2, were shipped in June. So you saw a lot of those cameras come in through the service revenue in the third quarter along with the 30,000 cameras we shipped in the quarter. So I think that really led to almost a – roughly a 50% increase in the ARR. And as a result, we are seeing that in the quarterly service revenue.
David Burdick: Okay. And then just on maybe the SG&A, on the Axon side, it grew I think 98% while the sales on that sector grew about 75%, I was just wondering why there was such – usually those are maybe a little more connected?
Dan Behrendt: Well, we are certainly continuing to add sales people both domestically and internationally. We are starting to pay attention more to the bookings growth versus the GAAP revenue sales, just because GAAP has to be sort of a trailing indicator. The other thing I would say is that because we – with the much higher bookings we are seeing higher commission and variable selling expenses as well, which is part of what’s driving that as - and then we have got some additional marketing expenses.
David Burdick: Okay, great. And then just on the TASER 60, I know you guys mentioned a few benefits and offers as well as its – it seems like it’s finding some success, just hoping to maybe get a little more color on that as well as maybe just when looking at the cost for your customer, what kind of incremental benefit do they gain by choosing the plan over just maybe a one-time purchase?
Luke Larson: I think they get a few benefits. One is they are getting the warranty sort of bundled in. They have got the ability to spread out their cash flows, which I think is important to them. And because of that, they have the ability to upgrade a larger proportion of their installed base at once without having to outlay more cash. So I think that sort of certainly comes with that. I think has really resonated well with customers.
Rick Smith: The other thing I would say is any time you are doing a big purchase there is a certain amount of bureaucracy that they have to navigate. And one thing that we are finding resonates well with them is, if you are going to navigate that bureaucracy, go get special one-time dollars. You could spend that same amount of effort to get budgetary approval to put it in your budget and now you are not going to have to go fight that fight every time you want to upgrade your equipment. And there is real benefit to these guys, like great this is one – they can see it can be a future pain point that’s eliminated because they sort of plan for this as an ongoing program, not something you just buy once and then have to deal with it again down the road. And that goes for both of us.
David Burdick: Okay, alright, great guys. Thanks and good luck in Q4.
Luke Larson: Thank you.
Rick Smith: I think we got for one-time – for maybe one more set of questions.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from George Godfrey with CL King. Your line is now open.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Just made in under wire, congratulations on a great quarter, two quick questions, the customers that chose the TASER 60 program, can you segment what percentage were Greenfield, new customer buys versus upgrades of existing weapons?
Luke Larson: I would say the majority – we don’t have – we are in 95% of agencies across the country. So I would say the vast majority, nearly all of them would have been existing customers. What we do see, especially in the smaller deals, is that when they buy on one of these payment programs, we are seeing a great indicator that they are actually buying more unit handles than they would have if they just bought with a one-time expenditure.
George Godfrey: So we could have been selling the weapon to an existing customer, but now they are rolling it out to a larger percentage, so I am making this up 50% of existing offices who had weapons and 50% are all new officers?
Luke Larson: Yes, correct. That’s right or they are upgrading their entire installed base all at once versus doing it over time.
Rick Smith: Which also really helps the upgrade program since a lot of these guys are like, well I want to – I have got maybe for some years upgrading, I have got 500 TASERs, now I want to upgrade them, but I can only afford to do 100 this year. And we say, great, guess what if you can just put us in your budget, we will give you the 500 now and then un-stick the deal because otherwise, they will think, now we have got to support two different weapons in the field, two different types of training. Here, we can say, look you got a clean program cutoff what’s upgraded all your officers and pay for it over time. And so that deal, otherwise might not happened at all because of the sort of complexity of having a mix fleet of devices.
George Godfrey: Right, understood. And then the second question. On the records management system, which sounds very exciting, two pieces. One is after you would show it in the June user conference next year, would you expect GA to be in the second half of ‘17. And then the second part of that is, the pricing, would you price that as a standalone recurring monthly model, augment existing contracts, how does the accounting work on how you roll it out to a customer that has evidence.com and now wants to go with RMS?
Rick Smith: Yes. I hate to say this. I think it’s premature for us to comment on either of those, but just at this point, I do know that we would have – it partly depends on how wide and complex the initial version of the product has to be to meet customer requirements. If it turns out that a fairly narrow product that covers the 80% of interactions they have is sufficient, then that’s going to be launched sooner than if they – if what we learn with customers is no, no, no we need to even have these hedge cases covered before we could upgrade to it. And then in terms of pricing, those are decisions we are going to refine based on how the products evolves. So we know that it will be a significant incremental – there are budgets for this today and of some courses from law enforcement, our ultimate pricing, I think is going to turn it – depend on strategically how we can determine the best make that work for customers.
George Godfrey: Got it, understood. Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Dan Behrendt: Best of luck.
Rick Smith: Thanks, everybody. Obviously, exciting day for us here, I appreciate it. I saw some comments on line back and forth, we have got some shareholders who’ve been with us for a while sort of exuberated today’s results. Delighted we could surprise you with some great results here. But surprised us as well as our customers continue to just really find value in what we are doing together. So everybody have a fantastic holiday season. Happy Thanksgiving, and look forward to talking to you all in 2017.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Dan Behrendt - CFO Rick Smith - CEO and Co-Founder
Analysts: George Godfrey - CL King Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Andrew Uerkwitz - Oppenheimer  Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your TASER International Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. Luke Larson, President. Sir, you may begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you, and good afternoon to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s second quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO, to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the TASER International website. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials, including our key operating metrics, are available on our website. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We’ll follow up the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date in which they’re made, are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These results are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as other SEC filings our website at www.taser.com. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Dan, and Good afternoon, everyone. What’s an exciting time to be at this company. Second quarter results were yet another record for revenue and bookings. Our strong results reflect the demand for our range of technology solutions to meet the needs of law enforcement. Axon bookings reached a record $72 million for the period and right now our 2016 bookings for the first half of the year are approaching the full year bookings from 2015. Axon segment revenues grew 49% year-over-year driven by a 65% increase in service revenue and a 41% increase in hardware revenue. Weapon segment revenue grew 20% year-over-year driven by an increase in both weapon and cartridge unit sales. These results reflect the positive return on significant investments that we’ve made previously we’ll continue to make to extend TASER’s leadership position in public safety technology. Specifically the Axon network lead the industry in bringing the power and truth to public safety by connecting people and technologies. While we view both the segments as complimentary. It’s important to note that for the second quarter in a row Axon bookings didn’t simply surpassed weapons revenue Axon bookings surpassed revenue by $13 million as Axon bookings grew over 135% versus last year. We start investing in these connected devices and software in 2008 because we believe from the outset that the inherent benefits of video for law enforcement would be significant. Today these systems are seen as indispensable in helping to address suicidal challenges. For private served law enforcement and communities that they serve as we offer most sophisticated and scalable, found in wearable camera solutions available anywhere in the world. As evidenced by an important milestone, more than half of the major cities of the United States now deploy our Axon network and cameras and more than 80% of the major cities that have wearable camera programs have selected Axon as their platform. Law enforcement officers put their lives at risk everyday in the field. Therefore our passionate mission heritages to provide the best tools in technological solutions to ensure their effectiveness and their safety. We serve as a trusted partner and listen to our customer so that we can bring the most advanced solutions with the right capabilities to market. Our mission to protect life and to protect crew is more relevant than ever. The need for technology and law enforcement will only increase and we will continue to leverage our scale and resources to maintain our leadership better. We intend to further invest to build the infrastructure to support our record growth of revenue and bookings and to develop new features and solutions. We shipped approximately 13,350 body cameras in the second quarter, a 55% increase from the first quarter. And we are on pace to significantly exceed this number in Q3. During the second quarter we added two more major cities to our Axon network Philadelphia and San Jose. As a testament to the value agencies receive from our platform we also add two major agencies who are already users of our body cameras and TASER Weapons, who place follow on orders to make both our body cameras, our TASER Weapons and our Axon and Evidence.com software platform standard issue for all police officers, for all patrol officers. You know it’s been really encouraging to see how officers had responded to body cameras. Back in 2006, when we started down this journey conventional wisdom was that cops would never wear cameras in court. And just in the past -- since our last conference call, I was at a conference, where I had a chance to talk to one of the people, who served on President Obama’s mission on 21st Century police and this is a guy, who is ahead of one of the major police unions in his country.  And he shared a story with me, where he said Rick years ago I used to hear our officers really resistant to the idea of wearing body cameras. And now to a person, when I talk to them, they tell me, they don’t want to go on control without this, not in the environment that’s out there right now for sure. And not in the sort of amount of world where there is an expectation that there will be a video of these events. So obviously encouraging for me to hear that, especially coming again for a major union head. The LAPD moved to full deployment for all 7,000 front line officers, resulting in the single largest booking in our company’s history at over $20 million. Minneapolis PD selected our solution to be standard issue for all patrol officers. Again, including body worn cameras, weapons and our cloud-based digital evidence management capabilities. The agency is excited to have another tool to help increase public trust and transparency.  The order is received in the first quarter and shipped in the second quarter. Both LAPD and Minneapolis feels we’re on our officer’s safety plan, which led to our 35% of seats booked in the quarter on this plan. As a reminder, our officers safety plan includes our higher tier software service as well as TASER Weapons all purchased on a monthly subscription, including cameras as well. And replacements of the TASERs and cameras overtime. Internationally, we continue to make key hires in our tier one markets and expect to see continued traction in international bookings later this year in the Axon bookings. We’re generating momentum and building efficacy in our target markets for both our TASER Weapon and our Axon network.  Building beachheads remains our number one priority in order to capture market share and frankly to replicate the successful strategy we’ve seen in the U.S. Our recent deal in Australia is illustrative of the results we look forward to seeing from our investment in our tier one markets.  The Queensland fleet service, the third largest fleet agency in Australia moved from a 500 camera trial to a 2,700 camera deployment and a subscription to our Axon cloud solution. The orders expected to ship in phases through the end of 2016. As a reminder in Q1, we also shipped a single $6 million weapons order to a Tier 2 country. So we do continually look for incremental opportunities in our Tier 2 countries. As of today, I permanently relocated back to the United States; however, I will continue to contribute to the development of our international teams and markets. We now have an excellent team in place in Europe, to manage the day-to-day operations I am confident they will continue to build on the relationships and momentum that we’ve built in the key markets. To conclude, I’m extremely pleased with the progress we’ve made in realizing the strong financial results from the investments we made in prior quarters. Both our Axon and TASER business continue to perform well. And I want to thank the entire team here for their continued efforts to deliver the most advanced technology solutions, which will benefit to both law enforcement and the communities they serve. And now over to Luke for additional details on the quarter.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. We continue to execute in the second quarter of 2016, and I’m proud to share the results of our continued success. Revenues came in very strong at $58.8 million, with international sales contributing $6.5 million to the total. Our other key metrics also showed continued strength within the quarter. Bookings on our Axon platform were $72 million in the second quarter, yet another record and an increase of 135% compared to the second quarter of 2015.  Annual recurring revenue in the second quarter was $21.1 million, an increase of 16.9% during the same period. In the second quarter, we booked approximately 20,200 incremental new seats on our Axon platform that brings our cumulative total of book seats to 95,000 since inception, and represents a growth of 28% sequentially. As Dan will discuss, we did see an increase in the GAAP between booked and paid seat, however, we are increasing capacity to meet the demand.  Operating income in the TASER Weapons segment was 33.2% in the second quarter of 2016, which partially reflects higher international sales expenses and additional infrastructure and investments. Over the near-term, we reiterate our expectations that as we build out the international team and gain beachhead accounts, there could be some pressure on these margins. We will continue to evaluate future investments to ensure continued operational efficiency. The ratio of lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the second quarter was 6.2, a continued increase over prior periods. Our focus investments continue to produce incremental bookings growth. We continue to expand our lineup of Axon solutions. During the second quarter we shipped our first trials of Axon fleet our in car camera solution, which is the only in car product offering that seamlessly linked the devices to the cloud. Initial feedback has been very positive and I am proud of our team’s execution in bringing the new product to market so quickly and effectively. Initially demand for Axon Interview is also strong and we expect to complete installations in meaningful quantities in the coming months.  Our Weapons business delivered a very strong performance in the period and included a single $5 million order the largest domestic weapons order in the company’s history a state highway patrol agency upgraded all of their weapons and moved to standard issue with a 3,400 unit X-2 Smart weapon order. Additionally we saw our first large TASER 60 order with Jacksonville deploying 2,500 smart weapons. Customer response from the TASER 60 installment payment program has been extremely positive and we believe the program will be helpful for agencies to move older plan and help them upgrade their weapons on a schedule without a significant outlay of capital upfront. In June, we launched our first ever Axon user conference it was a great event it brought together Axon law enforcement customers, industry consultants, partners and experts to share best practices and learn about emerging technology trends in law enforcement. We believe the user conference will help build out the [indiscernible] for our platform both within agencies and across agencies. In July 12th issue of Bloomberg Business Week, Axon was featured as the cover story. The Reporter astutely captured that Axon is not just about video, but about a larger connected network in public safety. We’re seeing great success across our Axon brand and we’re going to continue to investment in building that brand. A strong brand helps perpetuate our differentiation in the marketplace and also defines our value proposition. We’ve got some phenomenal momentum with the Axon brand and we’re excited to continue to invest in it.  In summary, the second quarter showcased continued execution of our 2016 strategic plan and also strengthened our position as a trusted partner and provider of technology solutions to law enforcement around the world. Our team is diligently working both internationally and domestically to capture market share in all segments and continue to build our outer infrastructure for future growth. We continue to innovate and invest in development of new products to lead the market and build our pipeline.  I’ll now turn it over to Dan to review our financials. 
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Luke. Revenues in the second quarter set yet another company record increasing 26% from the prior year to $58.8 million. The increase was driven by a 49% increase in the Axon video segment revenues and a 20% increase in Weapons segment revenues. The increase in the Weapons segment was entirely driven by domestic sales as we continue to upgrade older weapons and increase deployments within agencies. Bookings growth was also exceptionally strong increasing 38.4% from the first quarter of this year to $72 million. The LAPD order represented $20.5 million of the second quarter bookings.  International revenues in the quarter were $6.5 million compared to $8 million in the prior year, as we’ve discussed previously due to procurement patterns and typical size of international orders. We continue to expect to see lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter in the international part of the business. As we look to full year consolidated results for 2016 and beyond, we continue to be comfortable with the annual consolidated revenue CAGR of 15% for the overall business. It’s fair to say that we are pace to exceed this target in 2016, driven primarily by the single $6 million order and $5 million orders in Q1 and Q2 respectively, due primarily to the $5 million weapons deal in Q2, which made Q2 exceptionally strong. We do expect Q3 revenue to be relatively flat with the Q2 this year.  During the first quarter earnings call, we discussed our significant backlog of Axon Body 2 cameras going into the second quarter, which was a function of previously held shipments as we finalized quality checks. We worked through that backlog shipping 13,350 cameras approximately in the quarter versus 8,600 in the first quarter. Even with the strong shipments in the quarter we received more new orders for cameras than we shipped leave us again with the backlog at the end of the second quarter of approximately 14,000 cameras. We continue to increase production capacity of cameras and ramp our supply chain in order to be well positioned to fulfill this increasing demand. In July alone we shipped more than 10,000 cameras, which puts us on track for record unit shipments in the third quarter of this year. Annual recurring revenue in the second quarter was $21.1 million, representing a 17% sequential growth from Q1. However we booked more seats that we converted to active paid seats in the quarter so the delta between our booked seats and active paid seats increased in the second quarter versus the first quarter of this year. Included in that delta our camera shipped in last month of the quarter plus sheets relating to the cameras shipped before June where we not start to recognize service revenue yet due to either implementation not being complete yet or contractual milestones, which have not yet been met.  Another component of the difference between booked seats and paid active seats are stage deployments. Some customers contract for the cameras to be delivered overtime the full deployment the total shipments are include in the book seats , but the annual recurring revenue only reflects the seats we’re currently recognizing in revenue. We expect strong growth in our annual recurring revenue as we continue to ship cameras on new orders and begin to recognize service revenue of prior shipments. We should see similarly consistent growth in our service revenue and annual recurring revenue overtime. Future contracted revenues at June 30th was $262.8 million, an increase of 30% sequentially from the first quarter, which was driven by the increased bookings, which were made up of both service and hardware components. Gross margin in the second quarter were 63.5% on a consolidated basis compared to 65.8% in the prior year period. The decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by the mixed shift to lower margin video hardware and discounting at some of the initial hardware purchases and multi-year contracts. Sales, general and administrative expenses of $24.4 million in the quarter compared to $14.4 million in the second quarter of last year. The increase is primarily due to increased headcount, variable compensation, increased international travel and consulting expenses. Research and development expenses increased to $6.7 million compared to $5.9 million in the prior year. The increase is almost driven almost entirely by increased headcount in our Axon segment. As expected both SG&A and R&D declined sequentially due to some non-recurring expenses in the first quarter. However, a strong sales and bookings growth will result increase in variable compensation for the year as mentioned on the Q1 call. We’ll continue to invest in our infrastructure to support the growth and expect to see OpEx growth accelerating in the second half of 2016. As a result we’ll likely exceed the upper end of our prior operating expense guidance for the year of $123 million to $128 million by 2% to 3%. We continue to expect full year 2016 bookings to growth to actually exceed our full year operating expense growth as it was the case in the first half of this year. Year-to-date bookings grew 132% compared to 55% increase in operating expenses, which included significant one-time expenses in the first quarter. Our ratio of lifetime value of the customer to the customer acquisition cost in the second quarter increased to 6.2 giving us confidence in our investments continue to be well placed. Income tax expense for the quarter was $2.4 million, yet leaving the company with a 40% tax rate for Q2 although we expect our effective tax rate for the year to still be in the 37% to 39% range. Operating cash flow in the second quarter was $3.2 million, an increase of $5.3 million compared to the second quarter of 2015. This is driven primarily by a change in excess tax benefit from the stock-based compensation, increase in cash from working capital and increased deferred revenue. As a reminder, as the number of TASER 60 deals increase we will see an adverse near-term effect on cash from operations because customers will pay for weapon over five years rather than the entire amount of sell-in. For most TASER 60 customers, weapons revenue will be recognized on sale in and warranty revenue to be recognized over the life of the contract. We believe this is very attractive tradeoff has allowed the agencies to purchase additional weapons and upgrade their weapons on schedule with lower upfront cost, while also increasing the warranty attach rate. On February 26, 2016 our Board of Directors approved the $50 million share repurchase programs, during the three months that ended June 30, 2016 the company purchased approximately 1.3 million common shares under the program for a total cost of approximately $24.8 million for a weighted average cost of $18.92 per share. As of June 30, 2016, $16.2 million remains available under the plan for future purchases and the company will continue to opportunistically repurchase shares under the program.  We’re now going to move on to the Q&A portion of the call. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from George Godfrey from CL King. Your line is open please go ahead. 
George Godfrey: Thank you very good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions. Two questions, the first one is looking at the weapons now two quarters where you’ve had really large single deal $6 million last quarter $5 million this quarter. I’m just wondering are you seeing a renewed emphasis on the TASER Weapons we’re all aware recent events, but is the TASER Weapon itself becoming a greater focal point both internationally and here in domestically perhaps relative to what it’s been over the last couple of year? And then I have a follow up on that please.
Rick Smith: This is Rick. I would say that we are seeing renewed interest and I would say even a more generalized acceptance of TASER Weapons. With LAPD moving to standard issue, I think that was a pretty important event for these larger agencies, in the city of Chicago around Rama Manual [ph] is engaged on this issue and basically said if I remember correctly they are going to make TASERs at least available to every patrol car that’s going on shift. We believe this is moving towards standard issue. I might be a little bit, bias but it seems a little crazy to be sent somebody up in 2016 with a gun and without the best non-legal alternative to prevent them from having to use it. We are also seeing more acceptance in Canada, a few years ago I think there was a lot controversy in Canada. More recently the controversy has been around police shooting where they didn’t have TASERs available. So I think the core technologies has been sort of through the public wedding process. So where it’s now accepted as sort of standard policing equipment and I would say it’s kind of we hope to see continue to expand.
George Godfrey: Got it. And then my follow-up question is just looking at the Axon service revenue and I know you touched on this a little bit. Sequential growth 4% in Q1, 1% here and the seat count is exploding at 27% plus growth on a sequential basis. How quickly do you think you can get those to converge? And does that mean you need to hire more implementation consulting person or outsource that function?
Dan Behrendt: George, this is Dan. Yeah, I’d say there is really a couple of things. One is we did ship a lot of the cameras we shipped in Q2 pretty late in the quarter. So that definitely had an impact on the number of seats we are actually recognizing in revenue. So we expect it just a normal sort of floor of recognized in those in the subsequent quarter will happen for those camera shipped late. We do have a number of larger scale deals that typically attach implementation services to it. We continue to ramp up our implementation folks to keep up with that demand and sometimes it’s the city itself that is will work on their schedule. We are trying to make sure we’ve got enough people here and we feel like we are well positioned. I think again some of this is just the backlog as well as shipping 10,000 cameras in July should certainly help that count as well. So we do expect that the seats there included in that ARR to come up pretty sharply in Q3.
Rick Smith: I would add operationally we do use both internal employees and consultants and we are expanding that network to make sure we’ve got the right infrastructure team to be able to support and not rely entirely on employees.
George Godfrey: Great, thank you. Nice quarter.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Strouse from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark Strouse: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. Can you just talk about the sales process on the video side? Is that shortening at all? I am just kind of curious if all of the recent events and all the really free advertising that you guys have got. If that’s helping educate your customers before you even knocking the door and making the process a bit shorter?
Luke Larson: It’s a great question Mark. We’ve certainly seen an increased demand and the awareness is at an all-time high. However we have not seen an acceleration in the sales cycle. We still I would say anywhere from 6 to 18 months they have to go get the funding and move it through. So we are seeing very strong demand, but even with the increase we don’t see that accelerating the sales cycle.
Mark Strouse: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then just a quick one the latest you are hearing on NYPD and if you think the transition and the commissioner will have any impact on that contract? Thank you.
Rick Smith: So at this point New York City has really specific guidelines for vendors participating in bids, which prevent us from giving any commentary or color on the status. So we really can’t say anything.
Mark Strouse: Okay, that’s fair enough. Thanks guys.
Luke Larson: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Steve Dyer: Thanks, good afternoon. I think you said about $20 million sort of bookings was LA, how many seats was that then?
Luke Larson: I’m not entirely sure to be honest with you, Steve. We’ll have to take a look at that. With that booking it’s really takes them to sort of full deployment. 
Rick Smith: It should have been around 6,000 cameras and the seats associated with those, and we’ve even some additional non-camera user seats.
Luke Larson: Yeah I think right around, I’d say between 5,500 and 6,000 roughly. 
Steve Dyer: Okay. And how many of those were shipped? I mean roughly in the quarter. I’m trying to get a sense for how many of the 13,000 actually went to LA. 
Luke Larson: Yes. So we’ve started just some initial rollouts, but the bulk of that is going to happen over time. 
Steve Dyer: Yes. Okay, got it. Staying on the body cam side, the video side, have you seen any changes in terms of competition, I know there has been a couple of cities where a competitor has tried throw up the road block here or there. Are you seeing any changes in who you’re seeing in the bake offs and the success?
Luke Larson: Steve, that’s a great question. We’re certainly seeing a lot of increased competition on the camera side. Our end-to-end solution has really met the market needs. And so, with the major cities, we’re still very confident that we’ve got the only product that really meets the market need. 
Steve Dyer: Okay, got it. And then just lastly, I know you don’t give bookings guidance, but given that you had LA in the second quarter. I’m assuming, we shouldn’t necessarily expect that number to be up again sequentially in Q3?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, this is Dan. I think clearly LA is one of those sort of bluebird orders, there is only agency, or a couple of agencies of that size in the country. So I would say that makes for a tough sequential comp. Although, I’d say the overall demand remained strong. But I think it’s been tough to increase at least in the subsequent quarter from this quarter.
Steve Dyer: Okay, got it. I’ll hop back in queue. Thanks, guys. 
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty & Company. Your line is open, please go ahead. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Good evening, guys. Congratulations on the strong results. Wanted to just see if I could get an active Evidence.com license number for the second quarter? 
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan. We’re actually not disclosing that anymore. We’ve kind of moved to the ARR number on a go forward basis.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. But just in terms of -- is there a time waiting associated with that active licenses number how we should be thinking about this? It sounds like a lot of stuff kind of transpired at the very end of the quarter.
Luke Larson: Yes. I guess, so the only color -- it’s a good question. I think the only I could give is that a pretty significant number of seats that are in that book seats that aren’t in the license count yet or the sort of ARR, and we expect a lot of those to come on in the -- they aren’t start coming on and it will better magnitude in Q3. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And just as a follow-up to that. In terms of that ramp time, right, from winning contract to an active user on or seat on Evidence.com. Is that starting to compress? Are you guys -- the business kind of exploding higher? Are you starting to see efficiencies and compression of the time, or is it some of these contracts are so big, and it’s coming fast and furious that you are not getting that efficiency yet?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan. I would say that it’s really more of a factor of how quickly agencies can roll it out. And that’s -- I don’t know if that’s really sort of efficiency driven more than just that these large deployments might take two, three months from the time we shipped a camera to the time they are deployed and up and running, and we start counting those seats. So I think that, we’re very good at getting people up and running, but depending on how big the agency is, how many pre seats there are, how much training they need, what level of support there maybe a little bit of time from when we ship the camera to when we start recognizing those seats.
Jeremy Hamblin: And thinking as a follow-up to that point, am I right in thinking that you’re not really starting to accrue that revenue associated with that camera or I should say on the service side of it until they’re actually an active user?
Dan Behrendt: That'’ correct yeah so we don’t -- so it wouldn’t be in the revenue for the quarter nor would it be in the ARR until that become an active seat. 
Jeremy Hamblin: So as we look at kind of it's thinking about it in a straight line sense as these contracts I know they’re all individual contracts that’s not really the right way to be thinking about it you're getting capturing a lot of this revenue on the backend as you’ve got all the licenses associated with that up and running.
Dan Behrendt: Let me kind of clarify. So if we add an agency that said hey they want to take 200 cameras every six months for the next two years. Once that first 200 cameras implemented we would start recognizing those at that point. And then we’d add each additional shipping once they became active. So we wouldn’t delay the all 800 cameras in that case until the end, we sort of recognize and readably as they came online and were implemented. 
Jeremy Hamblin: No I guess maybe I was asking more in the service revenue side of it rather than the Camera itself.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah service would be the same thing. So if an agency said everyone rollout over two years we’d start recognizing the service and the cameras are actually active throughout that rollout period as they became active. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Right, okay thanks for clarifying. Best of luck.
Dan Behrendt: Alright, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Glenn Mattson: Hi perhaps I missed it could you explain a little bit better Dan on maybe why the backlog grew this quarter. Is it production issue or just trying to figure out why that number expanded?
Luke Larson: Yeah I’ll take this one Glenn. We work through a significant part of the backlog that we had in Q1, but the demand has continue to be extremely strong. 
Glenn Mattson: Okay. So it’s just -- it’s going to be ramp up in production is there plan for that I guess is there capacity for that?
Luke Larson: Yeah so during the period we will continue to ramp capacity. And I think our Q2 shipments -- our Q3 shipments will definitely exceeds Q2.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. And then Dan would you comment or maybe Luke also about how to begin to think about expenses for 2017 with the LTV to cap ratio still being so high if it remains at this levels would you continue to invest aggressively in operating expenses?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan, I would say the sort of two things. One I think is that as we add people throughout 2016, 2017 will naturally be higher because you have the full year of expense to the people you added this year. So I think that 2017 will definitely be up regardless. As far as looking at investments we’re making to grow the business, we’ll continue to look at that if the business is continues to expand faster than expectations we’ll continue to add resources to make sure we’re meeting that demand and capturing as much market share as possible.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, great. Thanks good luck guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have follow up from George Godfrey from CL King. Your line is open. Please go ahead. 
George Godfrey: Thank you. Just one follow-up on Scotland Yard, can you give us any update there on when we would expect to hear any further updates?
Rick Smith: At this point I don't think we’re going to be issuing further comments on the London Met program.
George Godfrey: Okay.
Rick Smith: Although we’re excited about it, but I think we’ve release all the details that we planned at least at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy Hamblin from Dougherty & Company. Your line is open, please go ahead .
Jeremy Hamblin : Hey guys, just a follow-up on operating, thinking about the operating expenses. I think you noted based on the updated guidance that we'd be looking kind of in that $130 million to $132 million range for 2016. As we look forward into ‘17 do you think that you’re kind of in a position now where you're starting to harvest a little more of that spend? Or is the name of the game still we’ve got to win contracts and we need to be as aggressive as possible to win those first contracts internationally in particular, but certainly in the remaining large agencies in the U.S.
Rick Smith: Yeah that’s a good question. I mean today I don’t think we’re going to get into any specific guidance for next year. But I would say we’re -- this is an issue we’re constantly looking at. It really just comes down to identifying where we believe investments are going to have significant net positive net present value. And while we’re in the -- most of the to be bought I mean the growth we’ve seen here in the U.S. is consistently exceeded our financial plans over the last couple of years. And so we’ve been ramping -- we feel it’s more important that we're agile that we're matching the investments just given the size of what's developing in the market opportunity. We’re seeing similar opportunities now happen internationally. So I would say in terms of direction there is likely to be international ramping as we're starting to see some of the same things that we’ve done in the U.S. now paying off internationally first in the UK now in Australia and we certainly are putting people in additional markets. So again we're not really prepared to give more color at this point in terms of next year’s spending. I'd say we're really -- that’s something that we're managing in real time just given the growth slope of the company.
Jeremy Hamblin : Okay, great. And then one last question actually coming back to the licensing for a second, what’s the approximate churn rate that you're seen? 
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I would say that most of the deals that we’re booking at this point are multi-year deals, three, four, five year deals. So we haven’t seen a significant number of contracts come up for renewal if you will. As a result we haven’t I would say the churn rate so far has not then meaningful.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. Alright, thanks guys. 
Rick Smith: And one thing I would add to your last question is we do want to assure that we -- our goal here is to build a very profitable sustainable business in the Axon segment over the long-term. While we are in the steep growth curve we do have to -- we are making the right investments but we're fully committed that that is going to be very profitable at scale. Right now our goal is making that scale is large as possible. 
Jeremy Hamblin: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Uerkwitz from Oppenheimer. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Hey thanks for taking my question. I was just -- I'm trying to understand the bookings conversion to paid seats a little bit better. As my understanding that most of the time you book revenue for EBITDA comp a month after the camera ships except in cases where there are larger deals. If that is the case could you kind of talk about mix between and the camera sales between large agencies and smaller agencies. 
Dan Behrendt: Yeah this is Dan. I would say that even some small agencies will take advantage of implementation services it’s a pretty good value for them because this is again it’s lot of lessons learned from prior customers. So a lot of even small and mid-sized agencies will take advantage of implementation services because it really gets them off on a right foot. So it's not necessarily just the large agency. So we'll contract for implementation services. You’re right any deal that we just ship the camera without implementation we recognize a month later. But deals with implementations those can definitely get delayed a little bit. There is also some of the bigger customers may have some milestones that could cause that to slow up a little bit if there are some specific things we’re looking for on our end. But we do expect it will hopefully we’ll narrow that gap between the contracted sheets and the sheets we’re actually recognizing in Q3 with I think two things will help one is we'll have we’ll catch up on that backlog hopefully this quarter. Secondly with ramp in production and supply chain we’ll be able to ship cameras earlier in the quarter versus in Q2 we ship cameras late in the quarter, which really led to a lot of cameras ship not being in that recognized revenue yet on the service side. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Great. So is it fair to say at this point majority or more than half are taking the services? Or at milestone payments.
Dan Behrendt: I don't know if I can make a specific comment that that. Let me take a look at that as you preload out the bigger deals almost always do it, but we also have a lot of smaller size to medium size cities. So we'd have to take a look at those as well. Let us do a little research and we'll put something out of that. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Sure, that's fair. And then one last question on the camera backlog included in that number do you include cameras that you know will ship in later quarters, for example, like in LA that's on a schedule. Are those later quarters in that backlog numbers so we should always expect a camera backlog or is that backlog just cameras that need to be shipped out next quarter you’re just trying to ramp production? 
Dan Behrendt: Andrew it's the really the ones that we actually could ship right now and we're could actually ship at the end of June that we had not shipped yet. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Perfect, appreciate it. Thank you gentlemen. 
Dan Behrendt: Sure thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Dyer: Yeah I know you started a shipping a little bit of the fleet in the quarter, when should we sort of expect that revenue to become a little bit more material is that still a ‘16 event or is this still very much trailing? 
Luke Larson: Yeah Steve so we expect to ship our Axon fleet in the coming months, we've got couple of early shipments already, but we expect to see some revenue in Q4 on that.
Steve Dyer: Alright, great. And then kind of a little talked about area the pulse and the bolt, I mean, you've redesigned that a little bit how are you thinking about that? I mean what are sort of the expectation going forward for those programs?
Rick Smith: Yeah this is Rick. My expectations are certainly optimistic I think it's a good refresh for and important part of our long-term vision. I'm not sure from the perspective of financial modeling that it’s going to be material at this point. So we’re in the long game in the consumer space. And it’s interesting I read Elon Musk's blog poster earlier this week where he talked about Tesla and how they think about autopilot given the controversy over the one case in Florida where they had Adept. He made an interesting statement based on the moral obligation to continue to push autopilot out there because it's already improving safety when used properly. And I would say that the way I think about the consumer business in some ways is kind of a moral obligation that we keep that business alive. It is small, it's still profitable, it's a small team we've done on it. But we started this business because we are in a country where 35,000 people die of bullet wounds every year. Our goal is to make the bullet obsolete. In order to do that I think we need to not only service the business sector and law enforcement where our primary business is today. But we need to keep the option available for consumers to have a viable alternative to a firemen and I would say that alterative is going to get better and better over the next decade. Got really exciting things in our product technology pipeline. But we need just a conservatism the purpose financial modeling it’s not something we should be moving the needle on at this point. 
Steve Dyer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I would like to hand the conference back over to management closing remarks at this time.
Rick Smith: Great, well again thank you everybody for joining us today. 2016 continues to be incredibly strong in all front. Our focus on ensuring the remainder of the year successful as we strengthen our position as the trusted technology solutions provider to the public safety market domestically and internationally. We look forward to updating you on our progress during third quarter earnings call little later this year. So thanks so much have a great day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes our program. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer, Director and Cofounder
Analysts: Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Mark Strouse - JP Morgan Jeremy Hamblin - Dougherty & Company George Godfrey - CL King
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your TASER International, Incorporated first quarter 2016 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded.  I would like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Luke Larson, President of TASER International. Sir, you may begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you and good afternoon everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s first quarter 2016 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I’m going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO, to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: This call is being broadcast on the Internet and is available on the Investor Relations section of the TASER International Web site. Please note that the earnings press release as well as supplemental materials, including our key operating metrics, are available on our Web site. Today, we will open the call with prepared remarks. We’ll follow up the prepared remarks with our standard live question-and-answer session. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions and/or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date in which they’re made, are not guarantees of future performance, and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as other SEC filings our Web site at www.taser.com. And with that, I’ll hand the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO and Founder.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Dan, Luke. Good afternoon, everyone. First quarter results exceeded expectations for both revenue and bookings, reflecting strong performance in our Weapons business and continuing gains in the Axon segment. In fact, we passed an important milestone this quarter. For the first time ever, our Axon bookings of $52 million surpassed our TASER Weapons segment revenue of $46 million. We’re excited to see the years of effort, the significant investments in building this platform paying off for the business that is now booking greater sales than our core business. Operating expenses for the quarter were in line with our expectations, which keeps us on track with our previously discussed outlook on operating expenses for the full year. Luke and Dan will have more on that subject in a moment, but let me speak at a high level in terms of our progress in the period against our longer-term objectives. We continue to execute on our strategic initiatives, including solidifying our market leadership in the Axon and Evidence.com segment, increasing our TASER Weapons penetration and setting up the international business for long-term success. All these initiatives are consistent with our broader vision for the company of offering a comprehensive technology platform to the global law enforcement community. Axon segment revenues grew 51% year-over-year, driven by a more than doubling of service revenue. This growth illustrates the continued interest in the network of devices that we’re building as we connect public safety officers to each other and to their core technology tools. And if the customer response to Axon Body 2 is any indication, we are trending in the right direction. We did extensive voice-of-the-customer research in developing this generation of body camera and that research paid off in yet another camera favored by law enforcement professionals in the market. We shipped over 8,000 cameras in the first quarter and continue to work through the backlog of orders, which we expect to be caught up in the current quarter. With Axon Body 2, we’ve been able to add three more major cities to our Axon ecosystem – Chicago, Minneapolis and Baltimore during the first quarter. We see the largest agencies as being the key drivers to broader adoption. We see the market leaders as being a significant influencer on what on-body camera and, more importantly, what digital evidence management solutions get deployed in any given region. So we’ve been laser focused on winning the biggest agencies on to our platform. 81% of major cities who have deployed on-officer cameras have chosen Axon as their trusted partner. Axon has captured 29 of the 60 US major city police departments using our Axon cameras and Evidence.com with an additional three agencies on our MediaSolv platform.  However, only 36 agencies in total have made a purchasing decision to date. We’re also seeing the benefits of the network effects we’ve historically effects by the addition of major prosecutor offices. In fact, the State of Delaware recently standardized on Evidence.com for their statewide information sharing system with digital evidence. Now, we may not win every opportunity, but we’re certainly winning a dominant share as we lead with the best hardware and then offer a service platform no other provider can match. As we continue to build the community around our platform, we’ll only further extend our leadership because we’ve become the entrenched incumbent with even deeper competitive advantages. What I mean by that is we are creating a networked community of users from police officers on the front lines to management within their agencies to third parties in the criminal justice system like prosecutors, city’s attorneys or various federal and state agencies, bringing all together under one unified platform encompassing video capture, smart weapons and general digital evidence management. That is what we’re offering to our end user customers today. And our financial model, which includes both recurring revenue on the hardware and software sides, reflects how law enforcement relies on TASER as a trusted integrated partner increasingly at every step of the way. Our Weapons business had a very strong performance in the period, including a large international order as well as continued performance in upgrading agencies here in the US under our newer smart weapons platform. Internationally, for the second quarter in a row, we had record results. We’ve also made several key hires in our tier one markets and expect to see – to really start seeing traction in international bookings later this year in the Axon business. We’re generating momentum and building advocacy in our target markets for both TASER and Axon. Building beachhead accounts will remain a priority over the coming months and years to capture market share and replicate our successful strategy here in the United States. After the past year in Europe, leading the relationship building effort there, I, along with my family, will relocate back to the United States permanently in September. I’m confident we have the right hires and have an excellent team in place in Europe to manage day-to-day operations. Of course, I’ll continue to contribute to the ongoing development of Europe. However, I can – and additionally, I plan to spend time between now and August focusing on our international teams in key Asian markets. Looking ahead, I’ll continue to lead our team in the development of new technology that extends our valuable platform strategy to set us up to be the dominant market leader in law enforcement technology arena. We will continue to add the right people and resources to our already world-class team, with a disciplined approach. And now, I'm going to turn over to Luke Larson, our President, for additional details on the quarter.
Luke Larson: Thanks, Rick. The first quarter of 2016 has been about execution and I am extremely proud to share the results of our continued focus. Revenues came in very strong at $55.5 million with international sales contributing a record of $13.1 million to the total. Our other key metrics also showed continued strength within the quarter. Axon and Evidence.com bookings were $52.1 million in the first quarter, yet another record, and an increase of 127% compared to the first quarter of 2015. Annual recurring revenue for the first quarter was $18.1 million, an increase of 8.4% during the period. In the first quarter, we booked approximately 15,800 incremental seats on Evidence.com. That brings our cumulative total booked seats to 75,000 since inception and it’s a growth of 20% sequentially. Operating income in the TASER Weapons segment was 33.5% in the first quarter of 2016, which is lower than the prior quarter and our long-term target, and it’s partially due to the fewer related international sales expenses. Over the near term, we reiterate our expectations that as we build out the international team and gain beachhead accounts, there could be some pressure on these margins. We’ll continue to evaluate future investments to ensure continued operational efficiency. The ratio of the lifetime value of a customer to the customer acquisition cost in the first quarter was 5.1, a continued increase over prior periods. Our focused investments continue to produce incremental bookings growth. As Rick discussed, we believe that the major cities in the US will drive the purchasing decisions for much of the middle tiers of the market and the body-worn camera and digital evidence management space. Therefore, we have focused our sales teams to win these major cities by showcasing our advanced features, the end-to-end workflow of our platform, and our proven ability to successfully implement and support large-scale deployments. We are proud to officially add Chicago, Minneapolis and Baltimore to our platform in the first quarter. Subsequent to March 31, we've also been awarded the pilot in Philadelphia. Out of the total of 69 major cities in the US, 36 have made a decision on body-worn camera deployments. Of the 36, 29 of them have selected our Axon solution. And of the other seven cities, the market is fragmented among three other vendors. There's a lot of noise in the marketplace, but we are focused on continuing to provide a bar-raising platform that makes the decision easy for cities to choose us as their long-term technology partner. We will not let them fail. On the Weapons side, we continue to push deeper penetration into the domestic market, highlighted by CEW purchases in Chicago and San Antonio. Internationally, we are continuing to gain traction in our tier one markets as well as in secondary markets. As stated earlier, international agencies are much more centralized than domestic agencies and, therefore, we will and do expect some lumpiness in international orders. In summary, the first quarter showcased the focused execution of our 2016 strategic plan. Our team is diligently working both internationally and domestically to capture market share in all segments and continue to build out our infrastructure for future growth. We continue to innovate and invest in the development of new products to lead the market and build our pipeline. Dan will now go through our financial update before the Q&A.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Luke. Revenues in the first quarter increased 24.1% over the prior year to $55.5 million, driven by a 51% sales increase in the Axon video segment and a 20% increase in the Weapons segment. Bookings also had a very strong quarter, increasing 16.5% sequentially to $52.1 million. International revenues in the quarter were a company record of $13.1 million in sales. This is the second quarter in a row of strong international results. But it’s important to note that we expect continued lumpiness from quarter to quarter internationally due to the procurement patterns and typical deal size in international orders. As we look to the full year 2016 consolidated results and beyond, we continue to be comfortable with the annual consolidated sales CAGR of 15% for the overall business. During the fourth quarter earnings call, we updated the market on our strategic decision to hold shipments on the new Axon Body 2 for final quality checks to ensure product performance at a level that meets our exacting standards. In the first quarter, primarily in the month of March, we worked through the significant portion of the backlog, shipping approximately 8000 Body 2 cameras. Even with the strong shipments in March, we still had a backlog of approximately 9,000 Axon 2 body units at end of the first quarter, but anticipate working through the backlog in the month of May, which is in line with what we discussed on the February call. Annual recurring revenue in the first quarter was $18.1 million, representing growth of 8.4% sequentially. As we worked through the body camera backlog during the first quarter, the majority of the shipments occurred in March. As a reminder, we began service revenue recognition one month after the shipment of the hardware and, therefore, expect significantly stronger growth in our second quarter in recurring revenue. Future contracted revenues in the first quarter were $202.3 million, an increase of 27% sequentially from the fourth quarter, which is driven by our increased bookings and are made up of both service and hardware components. Gross margins in the first quarter were 66.5% on a consolidated basis and are relatively flat compared to the 66.7% in the prior year. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased 70.5% compared to the prior year to $24.8 million. This increase is primarily due to increased headcount, variable compensation, increased travel related to international operations, international trade show expense and consulting expenses. The increases also included approximately $2.5 million of non-recurring expenses related to contractual agreements. Research and development expenses for the first quarter were $6.9 million, an increase of $2.4 million or 52% compared to the prior year. The increase is almost entirely driven by increased headcount in our Axon segment. We continue to expect operating expenses to be in the range of $123 million to $128 million for the full year 2016. However, variable compensation related to sales and customer acquisition targets may push us to the higher end of that range. We expect operating margins in the first half of 2016 to experience more pressure and then improve in the second half of the year. We continue to expect the full year 2016 bookings growth to exceed the full-year operating expense growth as was the case in the first quarter. Income tax expense in the quarter was $1.8 million. The company's effective tax rate was 34.1%. We now expect the effective tax rate for the full year of 2016 to be approximately 35% to 36% for the year versus our prior expectation of 38% to 40% due to an increased contribution from the international segment and then certain discrete beneficial items in the US. Operating cash flow in the first quarter of 2016 was $7.1 million, a decrease of $5.9 million compared to the first quarter of 2015. The decrease was primarily driven by decrease in net income of $3.7 million and a decrease in cash from working capital of $1.5 million, partially offset by the change in excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of $1.7 million. On February 26, 2016, our Board of Directors approved a $50 million share repurchase program. As of May 3, we’ve completed over 50% of the repurchase under a 10b(5) plan. We have repurchased 1.4 million shares for $25.4 million at an average per-share price of $18.57. As a reminder, we’ll be hosting our Analyst Day in New York City on May 16. Space is limited and attendance is by invite only. To those investors and analysts invited, if you have yet to RSVP, please do so. The event will be webcast on our IR website, which is investor.taser.com, so that a broader community will have access to it. We’re now going to move into the question and answer part of the call.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open.
Glenn Mattson: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I’m really curious about the strength in international. I guess, could you kind of highlight how big that one large international order is? And then, secondly, maybe, Rick, can you describe – is this kind of the normal up-and-down you see in international Weapons or is this somewhat related to some of the work you're doing, travelling around, trying to build those markets up a little bit?
Luke Larson: Great. Thanks for the question. It was around $6 million order, so it was a big one. I would love to take credit for it, but I really can’t. This was the fruit of some investments that we made several years ago in, frankly, some of our non-tier one markets. The work that I’ve been doing is – I think we’ll start to see that come to fruition next year. These tend to have longer cycle times. I would say, in several markets, we’ve definitely moved from being sort of way behind in markets we’re looking at body cameras, et cetera, to I think moving into a very competitive position. We’ve really put some great people on the ground in Europe, whether it’s in our in our Amsterdam office, new country managers in Italy, and France we’re hiring couple more. So the strength we’re seeing right now, I think, is really related more to some of the investments made a couple of years ago. We, obviously, hope to see the fruits of the new level of investments start to kick in probably next year. And between now and then, it’s going to continue to be a little bit bumpy along the way.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, great. And can you give us an update on what's happening in the UK while we’re talking about international?
Luke Larson: Well, we’re feeling great about the UK. We've now won the three largest agencies in the United Kingdom, who’re all on Evidence.com and Axon, which is a big shift to year-and-a-half ago or so. We were starting cold in a market where there was a pretty strong local competitor that has done a pretty good job. And for us to move in and sort of aggressively have the impact that we’ve had. We also have the national rail police on Evidence.com. The next sort of big opportunity in the UK is we really see an opportunity for an upgrade cycle there. We’re still working with the home office to gain approval for the new smart weapons. I say new, in that they will be new in the UK. The UK has a pretty rigorous approval process. We’re hopeful that we’ll – I'm not going to try to prognosticate in which month or quarter it will happen, but we believe there’s some real pent-up demand that we’ll be able to unlock in the UK once we get the new smart weapons through the last stages of the approval process. So we’re feeling really good across both segments of the business in the United Kingdom at this point. And I think we’ve done some good foundational work in Continental Europe that we’ll start to see again probably in the next year.
Glenn Mattson: Okay, great. Thanks. I’ll hop back in the queue.
Luke Larson: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. You next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Good afternoon. And congratulations on the good results.
Luke Larson: Can you speak up?
Steve Dyer: Is that better?
Luke Larson: A little.
Steve Dyer: Let’s try this. Is that better?
Luke Larson: Much better.
Steve Dyer: All right, great. Sorry about that. I was wondering, as you look out into Q2, you obviously had the big order in Q1, any guidance, maybe even directionally, as to how you see things shaking out for Q2 from a top line perspective?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. Steve, this is Dan Behrendt. We certainly had a great first quarter. As you know, the first quarter is typically seasonally weak. So it’s a good base and it’s great to start the year so strongly. Typically, we would see – I think with a strong first quarter, we wouldn’t necessarily expect significant growth from the first quarter because it was exceptionally high. And, again, as we indicated, we had one international order that was roughly 10% of the sales or a little over 10% of the sales for the quarter. So it creates a tough comparison from a sequential basis. So we wouldn’t expect any growth from this at this point.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And then, I think you had said you have a backlog or you had a backlog on March 31 of 9,000 of the Body 2s, how many of those did you ship in Q1. I think it was 8,500. Are those numbers right?
Luke Larson: Yeah. We shipped roughly 8,000 of the Body 2s in Q1.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay. And then last for me and I’ll jump back in the queue. I’m wondering if you could comment a little bit on the video side, just sort of about the pace of deployments. It seems like a lot, at least anecdotally reading. It seems like a lot of departments have kind of made a decision and they kind of run into – whether it's policy or funding or what have you and it ends up sort of delaying things a little bit. Can you talk maybe just anecdotally about the pace of what you're seeing? Thanks.
Luke Larson: Yeah. So we see the average deal cycle for an Axon is anywhere from 6 to 12 months. And there are some instances where those get caught up in procurement for maybe a quarter or so and we have a high-profile ones that have been even longer. But we see the adoption still is extremely high and we think in the next 2 to 3 years the majority of the top 1,200 are going to move to a body worn camera and a digital evidence management system.
Steve Dyer: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Strouse from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Mark Strouse: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking our questions. So just following up on Steve's question there, a lot of media coverage about the LAPD contracts year-to-date. Without getting into details that you're not able to share, just wondering if there's anything that you can share with us regarding the status of that contract.
Luke Larson: We’re not commenting on that deal specifically, but just in general around some of the noise around sole-source and procurement, we've invested heavily, as you know, in bringing a product to market that’s not just simply a body camera, but an entire workflow solution. About 40% of agencies’ procurements go through a sole-source. And those are generally for items that are unique solutions that aren’t lowest bidder kind of commodity type purchases. Axon and Evidence.com are clearly not a commodity. And that's why we’ve seen the majority of the major cities go with our solution. What I think a really interesting fact is, is out of the 50 – out of the major cities that have purchased us, 50% of those have actually gone out to bid and they still selected our solution. So we’re very proud of the solution we’ve built and we expect more major cities to go with us.
Mark Strouse: Okay, that’s helpful. Thanks, Luke. And then just a quick follow-up. Any update on the competitive environment? You talked about – you’ve won 29 of the 36 large cities that are out there. The other seven, is there – what have you learned from those losses? Is there a hole in any of your offerings or is it really coming down to price?
Luke Larson: Again, we don't comment on specific individual deals. I would say, we have seen some losses come back over to us. And I could see that trend happen in the major cities as well. We’ve developed the best solution and that’s why I think we’re seeing the majority of the agencies go with us. Coverage was an issue where we were very concerned about not having coverage. We’ve ramped up our customer-facing teams with a real focus on the major cities and the top 1,200 agencies as well as a robust tele-channel. In addition to that, we've invested heavily to bring to market three really compelling offerings, with a POV camera, our latest body camera, and also announcing a fleet camera. In addition to that, we’re making heavy investments in our software platform with mobile and cloud feature offerings. So we’re certainly not going to win every deal, but we are incredibly well positioned and we have a strong conviction to really win the dominant market position here.
Rick Smith: Yeah, this is Rick. I’m going to maybe add a little bit more color. Several – I think at least three of those agencies – had made purchasing decisions before we had the Axon Body camera when we only had Flex several years ago, only the head-mounted camera. So a couple of those agencies were driven by the convenience factor of a body camera. So that covers probably half of the agencies that had gone with competitive solutions before we had that. At least one or two of them have gone – frankly, it was an on-premise thing where IT departments decided that they really – how to say this politely, they weren’t going to sort of go with what’s happening in the worldwide trend towards the cloud, but they wanted to stay on-prem and what, frankly, we consider a pretty outdated business model. And the agencies that have done that, the feedback we're getting is that they’re struggling. They’re having a hard time. This is hard stuff to do. And then there’s a couple that frankly – at least two more come to mind where the agency, I think, really wanted to – we felt really good going into it, but sometimes these procurement processes are sort of unpredictable bureaucratic processes that sometimes comes up – which, again, some of the reasons that a lot of agencies do look at the sole-source where something this important, they want to test it and actually control what they're going to purchase, so they get something that’s going to work for them and not sort of turn it over to an unpredictable bureaucracy. And there’s been a couple of those. So I think, in general, when it comes down to the product, we’re winning the deals.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Dougherty with Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Jeremy Hamblin: Thanks, guys. Jeremy Hamblin with Dougherty. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask about the – in the international operations, in thinking about how those contracts are being laid out, negotiated, and the opportunities, do you see the storage side as a solution as any different from the opportunities you're seeing in the US? Is there some greater hesitancy, it appears, from international agencies to have the storage solution be outside of the control of their agency?
Luke Larson: For sure. There are differences. And I would characterize that, for the most part, the international markets are probably five years behind the US. So sometimes it feels a little bit like Groundhog Day with some customer meeting there and I have the sensation of déjà vu that I had these same meetings with the US agencies five years ago. So there's certainly some more trepidation about the cloud because it’s newer and it just is not as far along in some of those countries. But what’s been really encouraging is, when you sit down and you talk with people through it, in almost every meeting I can think of that I’ve had overseas, the net outcome of the meeting is, wow, yeah, this is the direction we need to go. Now, there might still be – you get the but. This is clearly the direction we need to go, this makes sense, but we need to check and see if we can do it here. A lot of times there's sort of almost these preconceptions that they can’t do it. So we’ve gotten – it’s been a great learning experience where a lot of times these police agencies might have beliefs just because they’ve never done it before, they think they can’t. And so, we’re developing strategies that probably going into a lot of detail here on to help sort of give them concrete sort of analysis and feedback from third-party sources that show they clearly can use the cloud and that there’s real benefits. So I think we’ve made a ton of progress conceptually. Like, in the UK, we’ve got three or four big agencies on the cloud today. And I think we’re going to see some continental agencies starting to deploy on the cloud within the next 12 months. But it certainly – I wouldn’t say that it is fundamentally different other than it’s just further behind where the cloud trend was relative to the US
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I guess, the one thing I’d add to that potentially is that – one of the things, I think, we feel good about is we’ve engineered the system to be able to be localized both from a language perspective as also where the data is housed. So that sensitivity of getting comfortable with the cloud, the next question is where is this going to be domiciled? We’ve engineered the system’s ability to domicile locally, which I think helps with some of those objections as well.
Luke Larson: And in fact, it’s been really helpful – the partnership with Microsoft that we announced last year has been really quite helpful because Microsoft has got a pretty extensive set of relationships around the world in enterprises. They’ve got probably the strongest sales team. They’re a thought leader. And their number one priority right now as well as – is helping their customers migrate to the cloud. So that’s lining up nicely for not just us in there at the customer, but they’re seeing us partner with some real industry leadership, and that helps get them comfortable that the cloud is a safe, scalable and it’s the right choice for the future.
Jeremy Hamblin: Should we then think of initial international orders as being a little bit lower value since the likelihood of initial storage kind of coming with that being lower than what you’re seeing in the US?
Rick Smith: I would say it’s probably more – it is likely to be probably lower margin on some of these countries when they’re new. Much like when we were in the US, we did some things with, like, Bay Area Rapid Transit and some of our first US customers, getting the first agencies to move, sometimes you’ve got to be really aggressive from a cost perspective. And then as the market matures, the margin will get better. I do think we’re going to see that dynamic take place internationally.
Jeremy Hamblin: Okay. And then just one additional one. In terms of – we haven’t talked a lot about weapons upgrade cycle. But my sense is, the average age of a TASER weapon deployed out there is six, seven years old. And I think you recommend replacement at about five years. So, one, where do you see the opportunity and how are those discussions going? And then, secondly, are there any new weapons on the horizon?
Rick Smith: I’ll take the last question because it’s the easiest one to answer, which is, we can't answer about our future products. We’re always investing in future products. We can’t really give you any details. I think your assessment of the age of weapons in the field is actually maybe a little bit understated. I think of the weapons that are on the field today that are not smart weapons, their age is probably up in that seven, eight, nine sort of time frame. So there’s a big upgrade opportunity still out there. And actually we just did something we’re pretty excited about that we think is going to help move the upgrade. And I’ll turn over to Luke.
Luke Larson: So about 12% of our weapons deals come in through payment programs where they pay for the device. It's not just a book and ship type deal. At the Analyst Day in New York City, we’re going to go into some greater depth on a new program that we just introduced that we’re really excited about. Unfortunately, I'm not going to go into too much more depth on that today, but if you come to the Analyst Day we’re going to be talking through some of our new pricing programs that would move that book and ship business over to more of a subscription model that we are really, really excited about.
Rick Smith: When I think early customer indication, they’re really excited about it too.
Jeremy Hamblin: Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I’ll hop back in the queue.
Luke Larson: Sure, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Just a follow-up to that. It’s my understanding that some civil asset forfeiture laws, I guess, or monies were not flowing maybe in your Q1. You didn’t seem to be impacted by that. Is that anything that you're concerned about? I don’t know what percentage of your sales you feel like comes from that. But any color would be helpful?
Luke Larson: Yeah, that is something that we were quite frankly concerned about, which drove some of our thinking around offering more flexible pricing programs. We've actually seen a little bit of a reversal on the state and municipal level. And what we’re hearing from our customers is they don't think that will be an impact to them. At the federal level, there is a much stronger and definitive statement around removing asset forfeiture funds. So it’s something that we’re keeping an eye on. The great thing about our business, though, is, especially for the TASER Weapons and even now the cameras, these have kind of turned into mission-critical devices, and so we’re not currently seeing funding being an issue. But it's something that we’re keeping an eye on and we want to offer the customers flexible pricing program, so they can get these mission-critical items.
Steve Dyer: Got it. And then just back – Rick, you had indicated – I think that you said the top three departments in the UK were all on Evidence.com. Presumably, the London Met is one of those. I don't know how much you can comment on sort of what they've decided on a bigger rollout, but anything would be helpful there. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Yeah. I’m not really in a position to provide any more color on London Met. They are one of the big ones. They are the biggest and I think we have a really solid working relationship with London. But that’s about all I can say on it at this point. We’re helping to get their plans in place to deploy those 22,000 cameras.
Steve Dyer: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Godfrey from CLK. Your line is now open.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Good evening. I was just looking at the operating metrics page. I just want to make sure I understand. The annual service revenue, recurring piece, $18.1 million, that’s based on the active seat count that you have, am I right?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. Yeah, the annual recurring revenue, yeah, would be based on the active seat count at the end of the quarter.
George Godfrey: Okay. Which you don't disclose now? We’d look at the total seats booked, but not the active, correct?
Dan Behrendt: That’s correct.
George Godfrey: Okay. If I look at the total value for the customer acquisition cost, I see it’s $5.1 million versus $3.5 million a year ago. Can you help me breakdown the math on how you get to that, the roughly 40%, 50% increase in the value?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I think a lot of that is really just driven by the fact that we’ve really seen a dramatic increase in the number of new seats booked each quarter. So even though we’re continuing to invest heavily in sales and marketing, the growth in the seats is really growing very quickly and that’s actually allowing us to have that customer acquisition cost stay relatively low even with the higher spend. And that’s why we continue to see that metric go up even with the higher spending.
George Godfrey: Okay. What do you assume for the lifetime length of a customer? Is that indefinitely?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. So, basically, it is an indefinite life. We do have a – we basically plug in an annual attrition rate, even though, for the most part, most of our deals are multi-year deals and we won’t see any attrition for three or five years. But we do have – we basically have an annual attrition rate that we plug in today.
George Godfrey: Okay, thank you. And then on the London Met deal, when the camera deal was announced, details were thought to be coming soon. But how much is it that you can work with them to get them over whatever their hurdles are or is it something that they just have to deal with and get comfortable with on their own and then they come back to you?
Rick Smith: They are an enormous agency in terms of the scale. And I’d say it’s largely internal planning, logistics. I’ve sat in some of the meetings where they're planning this rollout. It’s a big logistical lift for them. So I’d say it’s primarily internal process.
George Godfrey: Okay, that’s it. Thank you very much.
Luke Larson: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, I’m showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call over to Rick Smith, CEO of TASER, for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, everybody, I’d like to thank you for your time here with us today. 2016 is off to a solid beginning and we’re focused on ensuring the remainder of the year is as successful with our Axon market domination and our international expansion. We look forward to discussing our long-term trajectory of the business in greater detail at our upcoming Analyst Day in New York and we hope to see you all there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-29 08:30:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO
Analysts: Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Greg McKinley - Dougherty & Co. Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Allen Klee - Sidoti George Godfrey - CL King
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 2015 TASER International Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Now I would like to hand the conference over to Luke Larson, President of TASER International. Sir, you have the floor.
Luke Larson: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International's fourth quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Before we get started I'm going to turn over the call to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press releases we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And \with that, I will turn back the call over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Good morning and thank you, Dan. What a year. We're proud to yet again be able to share with our results for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2015. Fourth quarter results exceeded expectations for both revenue and profitability and demonstrated progress on multiple fronts towards solidifying our market leadership position in the Axon and Evidence.com segment, increasing our TASER weapons penetration and encouraging the upgrade cycle domestically in the weapons segment, while setting up the company for long-term success internationally as well as domestically. Looking to 2016, I continue to focus our team on the most important goals. First, extending our hardware and software platform with additional products and services, that create more value to the integrated whole. Examples of this strategy include Axon Fleet, our pod connected in-car video system launching in 2016 and the new video forensic products available through our partnership with Amped. These products add value to our entire ecosystem with each element creating a whole solution more valuable to our customers than each product would as a standalone. Second, focusing on services that create high value network effects for our users such as sharing and interagency collaboration tools and third, extending our customer intimacy to global markets. The real key to our success over the years has been that we have a unique understanding of law enforcement's challenges and we have the ability to translate those challenges into distinctly valuable technology solutions. We're continuing to invest in people and focus, including me personally spending a lot of time overseas to build these relationships around the globe. In only two years, we went from having zero presence in the body-worn camera market in the United Kingdom and the [digital] management market in the United Kingdom and in two years we've gone from no presence to becoming the market leader being selected by the largest and most influential agencies. The body-worn camera market is developing rapidly in many countries and we're now active contenders in several key markets where previously we were not on the radar even just a few years back. I am truly excited and optimistic about the trajectory that TASER is on today and going into 2016. We're executing very well across the organization, which is now truly multifaceted. We're continuing to add the right people and resources. We've built a truly world-class team. We're focused on maintaining a disciplined approach to our investments in the next year. Even as we increase our operating expenses to grow the business next year, we expect that our bookings growth will exceed our operating expense growth in 2016. This is a very positive indicator of the traction we're generating from our growth initiatives and the return on investment that we're realizing from prior spend. The energy and pace of innovation is the highest that's ever seen in our company's history. I look forward to our team updating you on our Q1 progress in April as well as in person at our next Analyst Day, which we're excited to hold in New York City this May. I am now going to hand the call over to Luke, our President, who will go through an operational update.
Luke Larson: Thanks Rick. 2015 was a very strong year for the company. In review, we grew the topline over 20% to record levels. We announced three revolutionary products, introduced partnerships with Microsoft, Ambarella, Amped. We acquired our British distributor, grew our major city Axon count to 30 and set the international business up for success with country managers, infrastructure and the strategic relationships to hit the ground running. Our key metrics have also continued to show strength in the period. I’m going to go over this. Axon and Evidence.com bookings were $44.7 million in the fourth quarter, an increase of 82% compared to fourth quarter of 2014 and a quarterly record for the company. LTV to CAC in the fourth quarter was 4.3. We're very pleased with the return on our investment in customer facing roles and marketing efforts this quarter. As a reminder, our calculation for the lifetime value of a customer is based on a blended hardware and software gross margin figure rather than sales. Operating income in the TASER weapon segment was 37.4% in the fourth quarter while there will be some near-term pressure on this metric as we invest internationally, we remain very pleased with the fourth quarter results. We benefited this quarter from strong revenue in this segment and continue to evaluate investments to ensure continued operational efficiency. Dan will cover our other key metrics including ARPU and future contracted revenue in his section. We're providing some additional guidance on our increased investments and operating expenses in 2016 that Dan will go through in a moment. We're excited by investments and believe they're a well placed benchmark to our LTV to CAC ratio, our bookings, which we expect to grow faster than our operating expenses and overall return analysis. In the fourth quarter we made a strategic decision to delay shipments of Axon Body 2, our reputation for quality products is paramount and we employed the necessary discipline to ensure that this product met TASER's high quality standards before we began shipping units. As a result, shipments that were expected to go out in the fourth quarter were delayed as we work through final quality checks and compliance testing. We're excited to have begun shipping units in Q1 and expect to be through a heavy backlog in the early part of the second quarter. Internationally, we're continuing to set the business up for long-term success and have also seen near-term success with a record $12.1 million in the international revenues in the fourth quarter. We feel this is an early sign that our international investments are paying off. We've hired country managers in our Tier 1 target countries and regions. They're focused on capturing beachhead accounts similar to how we built the early U.S. market where we moved aggressively to get their early large adopters on our platform to service as important reference accounts. We expect near-term that the international Axon deals will come at lower margins as we build those reference accounts. Over time similar to what we experienced in the U.S. we expect that the next phase of adoptions will be at higher margins. While the international business will always be lumpier than the domestic business in the near term due to the centralized purchasing that is typical and broad, we're pleased with the fourth quarter results and will continue to invest based on these types of positive indicators for long-term growth, To calibrate the magnitude of the difference of centralized purchasing international versus domestically the U.K. has 43 law enforcement agencies while the U.S. with 5X of population has over 18,000 purchasing agencies. Operationally, in 2016 I’m working with the entire team to continue to execute at our highest levels. We're focused on maintaining organizational excellence as we continue to grow quickly. In 2015 we hired over 130 professionals and now have six offices in four countries. We're ensuring that we effectively on-board, train and integrate each of these individuals to ensure that we maintain our high bar of excellence across the organization. Part of operational excellence is the diligence to continually evaluate the ROI of our investments. While there have been and will be near-term pressures on margins, we remain focused on growing the Axon and international businesses into profit engines. We'll also continue to push deeper adoption and faster upgrades of weapons domestically. There is still significant white space in terms of officer account. We've sold weapons to more than 17,000 out of 18,000 agencies in the U.S. There are nearly one third of the total patrol officers in the U.S. that do not carry a TASER weapon today. This is further highlighted by some of the high profile incidents that we've seen recently across the country. We want to close that gap and make TASER weapon standard issue for all officers in the U.S. through our officer and agency education and programs such as the Standard Issue Grant. For officers who already have a TASER weapon, we want to ensure that they upgrade to one of our next generation smart weapons. We also believe that there can be synergies between the Axon Platform in TASER weapons. The mystery of why a weapon is used by an officer eliminated by the deployment of an Axon on officer camera. The combination of innovative hardware and software differentiates TASER in the market as we solidify our standing as a fully integrated platform services provider for law enforcement. Finally, we'll be relentless in our pursuit of capturing Axon and Evidence.com market share. We're winning the vast majority of deals in the marketplace today due to our unparalleled end-to-end software platform. In fact, due to our success, we've seen our competitors take desperate actions, but as we've indicated, their claims are without merit. We will continue to add sales reps in narrow territories to ensure we are in front of every single agency that is making a purchasing decision. We will refine marketing strategies and measure their relative success in building pipeline and generating leads. We will continue to add innovative products and services to our platform to ensure our offering remains unparallel and we will remain competitive in each and every process as we know our offering is the best for our customers and therefore it is a long-term partnership that we're entering with each customer. Looking into 2016, I am personally really excited about our new product introductions. We launched our Axon Body 2 camera, which has tremendous response for overall user experience and it's advanced features. Later this year, we will launch our in-car camera system, which we believe will disrupt the market. We had numerous other products in the pipeline that are progressing very well, which I look forward to announcing later in the year. We will continue to add differentiating features to our software platform that not only add value for our existing customers, but also makes our products increasingly more attractive for new customers. Dan will now go through our financial update before the Q&A.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Luke. As indicated, revenues in the fourth quarter increased 19.7% over the prior year to $56 million, another company record. Bookings also had a very strong quarter, increasing 21% sequentially to $44.7 million. For the full year, revenues came in at $197.9 million, an increase of 20.3% compared to the prior year and bookings for the full year of 2015 were $135.1 million, an increase of 136.7% compared to the full year of 2014. Investors should remember that the first and third quarters are typically our weakest quarters due to the seasonality around this full budget cycles and as a result, typical Q1 revenues are lower sequentially by 5% to 10% when compared to the fourth quarter. In reviewing the fourth quarter product line sales, it is notable that on officer camera units in both body and flex were both down sequentially and year-over-year. This is due to the fact that we delayed shipments on the Axon Body 2, the new camera we announced in October, which has received outstanding reception from our customers due to advanced features, including a Wi-Fi offload and high definition recording. As Luke discussed, in the fourth quarter we made a strategic decision to hold shipments of the Axon Body 2 as we work through final quality checks to meet TASER's high standards. We've begun shipping units in Q1 and expect it through the heavy backlog in the early part of the second quarter. On the Flex unit side, we had a large number of bookings at the very end of the quarter, which didn't ship by the time we finished out the year. Between our Body and Flex products in Q4, we finished the year with 7500 cameras in our backlog to ship. Service revenues also had a very notable sequential increase in the fourth quarter of $1.6 million, coming in 50% higher than Q3. As we previously mentioned, some of the contracts include implementation services that delay revenue recognition until they're complete. In the fourth quarter, professional services team really delivered and caught up on the backlog of pending implementations. As such, within the fourth quarter, there is approximately $900,000 of service revenue catch up that will not repeat in subsequent quarters. Normalized service revenue will continue to grow based on new users that we add into our ecosystem. We added 12,900 active paid sheets to our Axon platform in Q4, which is significantly more than the 5,000 cameras we shipped in the quarter. This was due to our lag between shipping and C revenue recognition as well as the backlog of cameras at yearend. Out strong, continued user growth continues to increase our annual recurring revenue, which at the end of December is over $16 million. Gross margins in the fourth quarter were 65.8% on a consolidated basis compared to 58.6% in the prior year. The improvement in gross margin was marginally driven by the increase in smart weapon sales volumes, which have a better margin profile than the Axon hardware as well as the service revenue catch-up within the period. The prior period also had reserves taken for obsolete inventory related to the end of life for the X26E as well as the excess inventory related to raw component shortage for the Axon hardware. Sales, general and administrative expenses increased 51% compared to the prior year to $21.9 million. This increase is primarily due to increased headcount, variable commissions and compensation and increased investment in both the ICP and international trade shows. Research and development expenses in the fourth quarter were $6.5 million, an increase of $2.6 million or 62.9% compared to the prior year. The increase is driven almost entirely by increased headcount in our Axon segment. We're still working at building out the world-class software development, hardware engineering and product management teams to ensure that our capabilities to build the preeminent law enforce technology platform are unparalleled in the market. As we look to the full year 2016, we'll continue to invest in opportunities as appropriate. We’re being diligent in evaluating the returns, current or future of these investments and are quarterly making operational decisions based on these analyses. For example we've recently discontinued direct investments in Brazil as a traction in that marketplace could not justify continued investment by TASER. We anticipate that total operating expenses in 2016 to range between $123 million to $128 million between SG&A and R&D combined. The increase in operating expense was primarily due to increased headcount, which includes the full year impact of 2015 hires as well as our expected 2016 hires. Approximately 40% of the 2016 headcount ads are customer facing, 30% are research and development and the remainder are expected to be in administrative and operational support roles. We anticipate the first half of 2016 to see greater operating margin pressures than the second half of 2016 as many of the new roles added don’t have an immediate ROI. As Rick said earlier in the call, it is important to note that we expect bookings growth to exceed operation and expense growth in 2016. The way we calibrate the spend in our Axon business to get a sense of the financial help in Axon segment is to compare our spend to our bookings each quarter. This gives us confidence that as our investments in the period are appropriate to the current levels of bookings. Further if we can grow bookings at a rate similar or greater than the operating expenses the Axon business will be very profitable at scale. As Luke mentioned earlier, our LTV to CAC in the fourth quarter was $4.3 million. This means for every dollar we invest in customer acquisition, we get $4.3 million of gross margin over the life of the customer. Income tax expense for the quarter was $3.4 million. The company’s effective tax rate for 2015 was 43.6% due to the lack of profitability and the new TASER international BV Subsidiary located in Netherlands that was really resulted from some manufacturing delays, some start-up cost and increased expenses to grow the international business that we undertook in 2015. We do expect the effective tax rate to come back down to more traditional 38% to 40% range in 2016 with the effective tax rate coming down -- continue to come down as the operating account for the international business increases over time. Operating cash flow in the fourth quarter of 2015 was $16.1 million, an increase of $3.3 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. The increase was primarily driven by the change in deferred income taxes at $8.1 million offset by a decrease in cash from working capital changes of $6.6 million. The change in cash and working capital changes was due to a decrease in inventory offset by an increase in prepaid expenses and accounts payable. As we announced on this morning’s earnings announcement, on Friday, February 26, the Board of Directors approved a $50 million share repurchase plan. As we noted in the supplemental materials there is significant sequential increase in average revenue per user. Keeping our methodology consistent, the fourth quarter ARPU was $44. In Q4 there was approximately $0.9 million one-time adjustments to service revenue our officials skewing this metrics higher. Because of the revenue catch-ups that occur in the quarter from implementation completions that could vary widely, we believe that ARPU is not an accurate measure to track the growth and success with the Axon software platform. Rather the metric, which does accurately reflect both the growth in users and revenue per user, is annual recurring revenue. At the end of Q4, our annual recurring revenue was $16.7 million. This is up from $12 million at the end of Q3. Please see our supplemental statistics dashboard for our quarterly results for the full year of 2015 as well as our calculation methodology. Going forward we'll continue to provide annual recurring revenue metric as a replacement for ARPU as part of our key metrics in 2016. Future contracted revenue grew to $159 million in the fourth quarter, representing a sequential growth of nearly 30% from the third quarter of 2015. This metric grew faster than bookings because of our increase in backlog that we mentioned earlier. Lastly before going to Q&A, there are a few administrative items I would like to update investors about. First, while we'll continue at our discretion to announce large otherwise material orders individually, we're no longer going to be doing the monthly wrap-up or the press release. We create the monthly press releases have over time to claim in value and do not necessarily reflect the health of the business. Second, and keeping with the goal to provide the best set of metrics there consistent with how we operate and manage the business, we'll no longer be providing attachment rate, ARPU, active pay sheets and future billings each quarter going forward starting with the fourth quarter of the last time we report those metrics. Thirdly, and starting with the first quarter of 2016 earnings release, we're going to start releasing earnings and hosting the call after market hours rather than pre market and finally as Rick said earlier, we'll be hosting an Analyst Day in New York in May, which will provide us with an opportunity to discuss our long-term objectives for the business. This event will be webcast. The details will be forthcoming by the Analyst investors. We're now going to move to the Q&A portion of the call. We’re going to take two questions from each person in the queue for the first round of questions to ensure everyone has a chance to ask questions and should you have additional questions, please hop back in the queue. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator to set up the Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Mark Strouse of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Mark Strouse: Good morning. Thanks for taking our questions. Congrats on the results. Just touching on the international business, can you just talk about the strength in 4Q? Is that concentrated in one or two particular countries? And then Rick, if you could just give a quick update on your plans for the year, I think you had over the last couple of quarters you had talked about the regions you would be visiting over time. I just wanted to see if there is an update on that?
Rick Smith: Dan, do you want to talk about the distribution of international order and then I'll take the second part?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, we’ll continue to see really strong results in Canada as well as Europe, but really we saw at in almost every region in the fourth quarter. We had some strong sales coming out of Asia with our Australia, New Zealand as well as the other Asian countries that we have strong sales into. We're strong, Europe was strong in the fourth quarter and we saw strong quarter with Canada as well. So it was across lots of markets. We are starting to see the heavy investments we're making in some of the Tier 1 market pay off. So we're encouraged by the Q4 results.
Rick Smith: And then in terms of my efforts as you know and focused for the last six months or so on Europe, I'll still will be focusing Europe in the next several months and then over the summer, I'll be spending some time in Asia. I don’t know that I want to go into too much detail in terms of actual country focus because we've got lot of people trying to compete with us and follow us around the globe. So I don't want to give a roadmap of everywhere we're going to be, but I’m finding it's been pretty remarkable how spending time aboard you just end up building much better and deeper relationships then you do when you pop in for a weak of sales calls and then at home. In fact some of the other executives have started to spend little more time aboard and we're actually looking at how can system tie with us, so when I come back to the U.S. we start to cycle some other people out. I think it's just important to continue to inject the international customer relationships into our bloodstream at TASER and its going to be something we're going to want to operationalize and continue long after I am back from the extended trip.
Mark Strouse: Got it. And then just one follow-up if I could. I think I seem to ask this every quarter, so I apologize. I still get quite a few questions about just competitive environment. So I just wanted to see since the last time -- last earnings call, there has been any lengthening of the sales cycle or any significant change in those dynamics.
Luke Larson: Yeah, this is Luke, I'll take that one. We've certainly an increase in body-worn camera competitors. We're still winning the vast majority of deals, especially in major cities and agencies that have over a 100-plus officers where the majority of the market is. And we credit that due to our work flow approach. So we believe the camera is just the tip of the iceberg and what really sets us apart in the market is that we solve the workflow from end to end. One other miss perception is we've seen some larger competitors come into the space. And I think if you were to do a channel check and talk with the agencies in law enforcement, TASERs brand is really unparalleled and when you talk to the agencies, they really value our very customer driven product design focus as well as the service and support that we provide. So we still feel very confident in the marketplace today from a comparative standpoint.
Mark Strouse: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum Capital. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Dyer: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Curious as to your early comments what you're seeing on Axon fleet, the new looking product obviously it seems like the price is right. Maybe a little bit more clarity as to when that will start shipping and what you're hearing from departments in the early days?
Rick Smith: Yes, so we announced Axon fleet at this year's ICP due to the relatively long sales cycles. In law enforcement we tend to find that doing a pre-announcement helps our sales team build the channel before we actually start shipping. We intend to ship that in the back half of the year. Without giving away too much, I would say the response has been very positive and as these agencies move to this kind of end to end workflow on the Axon platform, the notion of adding really disruptive low price hardware with really powerful cloud based features has been very well received.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I would like to add on to that. This is Rick of course. When I was at ICP, I had the opportunity to meet with the heads of the State controls and that's really a market segment where in-cars is frankly pretty important because most of what they do is state patrols is in front of the vehicle. I would say historically, we've not performed super well in the state patrols with body cameras because body cameras are just seen as secondary to in-car and I would tell you there was a very enthusiastic reaction from a number of the different state patrols. One of the analogies we used in terms of how we're approaching the market is effectively by bringing a very connected, a cloud connected small piece of hardware into the vehicle where we're plating these big multi-component systems where you install it once and then as things break, they're very expensive to fix and maintain. So at a disruptive price point, we believe we can bring far more capabilities by getting in place a system that is upgraded through software within 30 days. So there is quite a bit of excitement. I need to temper myself because you know we're not shipping it yet and until the product is out with customers in mass, you don't want to get too excited. But I think it can be a game changer for us in the state patrols and I think it's further building the value of our total ecosystem to be able to have a cloud connected disruptively priced in-car video system.
Steve Dyer: Great. Thanks. And then just as it relates to the weapons, obviously a very strong quarter; do you still see that as a high single digit type grower over time? Is that still the right way to think about it despite the really strong quarter in the traction internationally?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. Yes, I think overall I think between price and volume and the ability for the international business to continue to -- there is lot of -- as you know, a lot of wide space internationally. I think the weapons business is certainly a single digit grower. Going forward we feel, overall we still feel like we've got a 15% CAGR business as we feel comfortable and so I think it's -- certainly the weapons is a part of that -- part of that growth.
Steve Dyer: All right. I'll hop back in queue. Thanks Rick.
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Greg McKinley: Yes. Thank you. So just maybe some questions on investments back into the business in 2016. Maybe can you help us understand where you what are the biggest areas of investment for '16 and is that different at all or new initiatives at all from what you've invested in the last year too?
Rick Smith: Yes, I would say in 2015, the three key areas that we invested in were sales, engineering and international. Moving into 2016, I think our domestic investments are going to slow down on the sales side relative to the investments we're making in international and engineering and we expect to see the ability to have some leverage in the model as our coverage increases and we can now use the same sales rep to cover multiple product line.
Greg McKinley: Okay. Great. Thank you. And in particular from a sales and engineering standpoint, are most of these I am assuming are recurring in the video business and I don't know if there is any I don't know, metrics or headcount or anything like that you could share with us just to give us a sense of the order of the magnitude of the growth investments in that business?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan, Greg. I would say overall yes, I think a lot of it is in the video business. So internationally the people we're hiring will be really to drive both the weapons part of the business as well as the Axon part of the business. So those folks tend to be across -- we're hiring people that really are capable of selling both products that we don't always need two sales teams like we're done in the U.S. So there will be some leverage going out of those resources over time. I think overall, as we said earlier, the bookings growth in 2016 will be higher than the operating expense growth and therefore we think we're calibrating this correctly and getting the right people in place and you're going to continue to see a good ROI on those investments over time.
Greg McKinley: Very good. Thank you. And then my second question would be, can you just remind us a little bit, you're making some disclosure changes going forward, maybe just highlight those again and the rational for what about the -- what about the business do you feel is better described to investors with your new disclosure practices versus the old ones?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. I would say the biggest changes we're replacing ARPU with annual recurring revenue. We just think that -- we've been tracking a number of these metrics and really as you know, we've been really transparent with the market, but some of these metrics as we've looked through 2015, we're really said look like in the case of the ARPU because of the noise in the quarterly revenue with these catch-ups, it's had this impact on the ARPU each quarter. And again with the fourth quarter's 44 -- over $44 for the quarter, which is not something we want to keep the model on. So we said, look what's a better metric and really as we've measured things internally, we said ARR is a better metric to measure both the user growth and revenue growth for that business over time. That's probably the biggest change. We're not really going to disclose the traction rate going forward. That's been pretty consistent. So we don't really think there is a lot of meaning in that. And then, we're going to go to really just the total book sheets and again because of the timing of when we start recognizing these sheets, we think having the total sheets that we've sold is probably more meaningful than the exact number of sheets that we have on the platform at a point in time because that backlog of sheets is eventually going to be the number and we would rather just disclose the total sheets that we've sold versus the exact number at that point in time in the quarter.
Greg McKinley: Okay. Thank you.
Dan Behrendt: Sure Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Glenn Mattson: Yes, Dan maybe you talked about the international by region. Can you say the breakdown of international video versus weapons, which was more important there? And then also the X2 had a great quarter, was there one big international shipment there or anything like that?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so on the X2, there was definitely some international to help drive that in the quarter. So it's been a strong product for us, especially international because you don't have -- lots of times, these are early adopters in the company. So I have a training component of having to train our new weapon platform. You don't have that same headwind that you do in the U.S. where somebody is using a single shot weapon and he used to get pretty trained for the two-shot weapon. So that helps a little bit internationally. As far as the sales, we're seeing sales in both products internally. We see opportunities for both product lines, both segments of the business internally. And as I said earlier, I think that one of the things we're doing is we're building up teams that are really capable of selling both segments. So we can leverage those costs on a go-forward basis.
Luke Larson: Yes, I would just add one thing that we're seeing internationally is the customer's approaches about video cameras and then that opens up a discussion about the TASER devices as well, which we've not previously seen. So I think there is going to be a lot of channel synergy across the two products.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. Great. Thanks. And then just a second question on the confidence for the bookings growth in 2016. Can you give us just little more color as to where that confidence derives from?
Rick Smith: Yeah. We see a lot of our early adopter customers who've made purchases in the 50 to 100 units that will now be making larger deployments in 2016. We also are starting to see some regional effects where you may have a couple major cities or leading cities in metropolitan areas and the surrounding areas due to network effects in sharing, see the benefit of the platform. So we feel really confident about our bookings target for next year. 
Glenn Mattson: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Allen Klee with Sidoti. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Allen Klee: Good morning. First question on -- you mentioned that some of the -- the Axon Body 2 cameras were delayed from Q2 to -- I am sorry, Q4 to next quarter. Can you give any sense of the magnitude of that?
Rick Smith: Yeah, in Q4 we did ship some early try units, which is pretty standard when we're doing a production launch. Between our Flex and Body 2 products, we have a backlog of over 8,000 units. We've been working through this backlog and I expect to be caught up in the second quarter. As we mentioned earlier, the backlog of Flex cameras was due to the bookings at end of the quarter.
Allen Klee: Great. Okay. And then can you comment if there has been any issues with -- on international accepting -- using your storage in terms of where the product is actually stored and if that has been an issue, has it been elevated?
Rick Smith: Yeah, let me take that one. I can tell you it absolutely is an issue. Just like it was in the United States, we first started this venture five years ago. The reaction of our customers was there is no way that we’re going to wear our camera and there is no way that we can put our data in the hands of a private company. We saw that absolutely slip in the U.S. where body cameras now when you talk at least to users they're saying, every officer is going to be wearing a camera in the near future and obviously we've seen Evidence.com really become a standard where every major agency we've sold is going on Evidence.com. Now we have that one or two agencies where there are still this religious -- we want to build it and we run it ourselves. Even in the U.S. we've seen a couple of those. Internationally I’d say, the international space is where the U.S. was five years ago. When I first showed up in Europe six months ago, the general feeling was that it was a real uphill battle, up at the cloud. We're now seeing that sentiment shift and luckily it's because police or people too I hate to over-simplify, but when I sit with the Head of an International Police Agency, I look at what phone they're carrying and we talk about how is your email experience? You have personnel email right? Yes, and you're probably storing some pretty valuable personal information on those emails right? Or your online banking, there are so many analogues to how internet connected businesses have made our lives better as a consumer that immediately resonates. And then we start to turn to things like security and other issues where once they take the time to dig in, it start to realize the impact the cloud outperforms what an agency can typically do on their own internally. In fact they're just number one customer and we're talking about this is the customer that’s considering and they're still considering whether to build on camera and the cloud and that same customer told me that they're running Windows 2000 on all their laptops. And we then -- we both kind of chuckled and said, well that's sort of an example of how hard it is to keep up with technology when you're running it yourself and you’ve got to do it an environment where you've got these incredibly bureaucratic purchasing requirements, why wouldn’t you want to outsource that to someone that does technology for a living and is able to always make sure you're updated and up to speed with the latest security patches and technology. So, it’s a bit of a long story, but I’m having a sense of déjà vu to where things were in the state years ago, but we’re early in the process. I think we’ve got the U.K. pretty comfortable. At most of the agencies in the U.K. are now getting comfortable and with Microsoft putting an amateur instance in the United Kingdom and it's helping our partnership with [Amped] having instances in other areas of the EU and other international segment is helping. But I would say -- we're still in the early innings, which is something I actually really like because I think TASER is there as a thought partner and we're helping to share the thinking that it's driving our customers to help them see the advantages of this cloud approach. So I’m actually delighted that the international markets is where it's at where we have the opportunity to come in be the thought partner that helps to move these customers into a cloud model. So it’s an exciting time for us. Certainly there is a lot of work to be done and we’re not going to win every account to the cloud. But I think over time the underlying economics and technology advantages of our cloud model are overwhelming. That’s why the cloud connected business models tend to dominate in just about every other market segment where they've effectively entered. We believe all those advantages accrue to us and we’ve liking the first mover, but it is going to take some time to get the international space to where the U.S. is now where you just see big agency after big agency hop in on the cloud.
Allen Klee: Okay. Thank you. Very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of George Godfrey with C.L. King. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Two questions, the first one is can you give us an update on the financial metrics or any other details on the London met deal and perhaps where we stand on the New York City? I know they upsize their trial role out there. I just want to get -- see if you can provide an update? And then second question is just the tax rate, you said it comes down; it was 38% roughly in the '14, then 43% this year. Is it somewhere in that range below 43%, but above 38% or is 38% a good metric for tax rate? Thank you.
Rick Smith: Well Dan, why don't you go and take that last and then I will go -- take the tax one.
Dan Behrendt: Okay. Yeah so on the tax rate yeah we expect the 2016 tax rate to be between 38% and 40% to get to back to more normalized rate for 2016.
George Godfrey: Great, Thank you. Got it.
Rick Smith: And let me talk a little bit about the -- there has been a ton of news flow in the marketplace for sure. These large agencies do tend to -- they've got good -- it's like turning a battleship that some folks would say. So, we’re still in process with them finalizing the terms of the deal and there is really not much more we can share at this time. Similarly with the NYPD, there is pretty stringent guidelines than any of the vendors that are participating in their bid processes. Can’t comment on it and so we’re really in addition to our normal practices of not commenting until we have something really solid to comment. We have to be particularly respectful of the requirements of the process there. So we at this point can’t share any additional details on those two accounts. We don’t -- we actually don't anticipate sharing further details on an account by account basis, which is in line with our general policy of not disclosing individuals deals, but you'll see that I am showing up in our quarterly numbers as those mature into -- from being selective into an prudential order and of course in New York, they’ve not yet made a selection.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, and I would just add, we don’t really think about the margins on a deal-by-deal basis. We do look at that from a market perspective and I talked a little bit about my section how we think about going after these markets and we want to create a healthy margin business and we believe getting these reference accounts is key to doing that.
George Godfrey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have follow-up question from Steve Dyer of Craig Hallum Capital. Your line is now o pen. Please go ahead.
Steve Dyer: Yes just real quickly, Rick you touched on the Azure platform and obviously you guys partnered up starting at IACP and my own perception was that that was very much the defect of standard for a lot of these governments. Have you seen any better receptivity to being on Azure as opposed to AWS?
Rick Smith: For sure let me first up by saying that Amazon was also a great partner for us, I think that Microsoft when we did the final analysis. For this market sector, Microsoft is particularly good with government compliance. Organizations that have lots of compliance issues and they've got really deep customer relationships around the world with the IT departments. Since we’ve announced the switch to Azure we've had a number of agencies that frankly were -- had really deep relationships with Microsoft move further and faster in our sales pipeline and I would say internationally it's making a difference as well, where I've been able to meet with Microsoft sales team and to collaborate their helping introduce us. You had various points in different organization like I just came from a meeting this morning with a Microsoft team here in Europe. So it’s a little early, I wouldn’t say that we've seen things, big deals go from start to across the go line as its only been a few months but I would say, the early indications are really positive. Microsoft has been great to work with. Their sales team is really supportive and they actually -- one thing I would point out is they do see Axon and Evidence.com as really helpful to Microsoft, which is great. So Microsoft has a goal of frankly building out their cloud business and migrating for example email and on prem Microsoft office installations to the cloud Office 365. And one thing we've talked about is for them, there is a bit of a challenge where there is just organizational inertia to take for example an email system that you have today and then moving it somewhere else, you've got all the standard point of organizational inertia that might resist that. One thing that I think Microsoft has found very attractive about us as a partner is body cameras aren’t new. They don’t displace an existing system and it creates the need for a new system and it’s a scale that's at least in order of magnitude greater than what they're used to building internally. And that makes us a great talking point for Microsoft in it helps to make customers comfortable with the cloud as they think about body cameras and that’s strategically advantageous to Microsoft across all their cloud offerings. So I think this is a great example of one of those relationships. It's really a win-win. It's been a win for us. It's been for Microsoft and as such their people are helping us a lot and we’re really -- we felt it was a great move and it’s a great partnership and we're excited to keep working with them.
Steve Dyer: All right. Great color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow up question from Greg McKinley with Dougherty. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Greg McKinley: Yeah, thank you. First of all you provided great visibility on your investment levels for '16, can you or are you able to provide a topline view, I don’t know on percentage growth in terms of any high level guidance you're able to provide there? And then secondly can you talk just a little bit about how TASER has or can continue to support agencies, the complexity of rolling out theses system because I’m sure you've seen a lot of the news like Memphis is trying to figure out exactly how to administer this new process. What insights would you share with us on that topic?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. This is Dan. Let me start with just topline guidance. We don’t provide exact specific guidance, but we do feel comfortable with a 15% compounded growth rate overall and that's something we've indicated previously and we still feel comfortable that the business has got the ability to continue to grow at that 15% rate annually.
Greg McKinley: Okay. Thank you.
Rick Smith: I will take the second part. I think in terms of complexity of deployment, that's our biggest differentiator and that's the reason we've seen the majority of the agencies, large agencies go with our solution and that's why we think we're really well positioned in the next two years both in the States and internationally. When an agency is looking to do a scalable deployment, we've got through the end-to-end workflow and that makes a really big difference when you look at how much time the officers and the agency is going to invest in this program. And some of our features like the ability to add Metadata and then have that automatically trigger retention schedule saves the agency countless hours of time and that's just one example. We also have similar features with [indiscernible] and I can list them all, but I would say that that's the biggest differentiator TASER has in terms of deploying large scale deployments for video and software solutions.
Greg McKinley: Okay.
Rick Smith: Yes I would just add, when we, this is Rick, when we see some of these challenges, a lot of times the challenges end up being more policy related as agencies that are new to this are working through privacy issues. When they're going to release video? What level of oversight they're going to allow or access as the public is going to have. And we do help connect agencies with resources that will help them think through the policies, but the good news is most of our deployments are not slowed down from a technology perspective, whereas if they build this on site, they've got to hire people and buy a bunch of the data center gear and then prove to get it up and running, go through all the trials and fibrillations of bringing a big system from zero to operational. In our case, really all we need is high speed Internet access and we can take it from there. So it dramatically decreases the technical lift the agencies got to do. So most of it I think end up where there are delays, they tend to be more on policy issues, negotiations with union, negotiation with simple groups etcetera over how, when, where they're going to report and what they're going to do? How long they're going to keep it afterwards and all those policy issues.
Greg McKinley: Yes. Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow up question from George Godfrey with C.L. King. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
George Godfrey: Thank you. Just two quick ones. On the share repurchase, do you have a timeframe when to start or complete that? And then the second question Dan, you may have given this, but maybe I missed it, did you provide the annual recurring revenue for the Q4? I know you're not going to provide the ARPU going forward and you're going to shift to that metric, did you say what it was?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so George, this is Dan. So on the annual recurring revenue, that's $16.7 million as of the end of the year. And then on the buyback, our window will open in a couple days and at that point we'll -- the buyback will commence, but we're planning to do it through a 10b5 plan. So that may take a few days to be put to -- to get put in place.
George Godfrey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Dan Behrendt: Sure thing.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Luke Larson, President of TASER International for closing comments.
Luke Larson: Thank you for calling in today. We're really pleased with the 2015 results and looking forward to a great 2015. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, this does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Luke Larson - President Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: George Godfrey - CL King Andrea James - Dougherty and Company Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Andrew Uerkwitz - Oppenheimer Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Allen Klee - Sidoti
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the TASER International Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Mr. Luke Larson, President of TASER International. Sir, you may begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International's third quarter 2015 earnings conference call. Before we get started I'm going to turn it over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking statements information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press releases we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. With that, I will turn it back over to Luke Larson, President.
Luke Larson: Thank you, Dan. As a reminder, we’re going to be accepting some questions via Twitter today during the Q&A portion of the call. To follow our updates on Twitter during the call follow the account @taser_ir. For those of you without Twitter, all updates and graphics stream directly to our Investor Relations website www.investor.taser.com. Our team is coming of the most exciting IACP events that I have experienced in my seven years at TASER which was a fantastic culmination of a quarter firing on all cylinders of growth oriented execution. Revenues came in over internal expectations and set a new Company record of $50.4 million. We also increased our investments and accelerated spend above our messaging from last year in an intentional and strategic decision to capture market in a limited window of opportunity as the market forms. Based on our leading indicators of marketing pipeline including [cap to] LTV ratio and that we surpassed our internal bookings target for the year, we made a very deliberate decision to continue our investment strategy in order to capture the most market share. We strongly believe these investments will result in a consolidated platform that will create much value for both our customers and the investors. At the beginning of this year we set the FY 2015 booking score at 100 million, it is 10 months into the year and we’ve already surpassed that goal and are expecting our Q4 bookings to exceed the third quarter results. In the third quarter, we not only won the major cities of Denver and Memphis but just last week we learned that we won the City of San Antonio for our largest Axon and Evidence.com deal to-date making our total major city counts 29 cities as of this call. This quarter, we went through an exercise to determine how to best display our total addressable market to investors and our supplemental package and currently being tweeted, we posted an illustration of how we see the expansion of an execution on the platform strategy that we've been talking about for several years and now it’s direct correlation to the size of the opportunity ahead of us. Prior to 2012 this segment was really just the TASER cam and then our very first generation body cam in Evidence.com in its infancy. These ideas were ahead of their time but needed refinement. In 2012, we launched Axon Flex point-of-view camera which is still in the market today and was our first real winner with the compelling product market fit for the body camera space. In 2013, we launched Axon body camera after advance of the market and further expanded our platform into offering professional services. In 2014, we introduced integration services which further expanded our platform of offerings for those customers who wanted their records management integrated with Evidence.com. Finally in 2015 after years of ramping R&D spend, we have introduced a litany of new products including Axon Interview Room, Axon Fleet and in-car camera system and our next generation Body Camera, Axon Body 2 all with unprecedented unlimited HD storage. We realized our platform can be much more than digital evidence and are now positioning the sum of our total offerings as the Axon platform. We further are continuously offering more advanced platform features such as automatic adoption that are compelling regions for agencies to choose the premium service tiers. With our current products and service offerings, we view the domestic market as having a total addressable recurring annual revenue opportunity of $1 billion. For the international opportunity, we looked at our current focused markets where we have directly placed internal resources. No, this does not reflect the entire world, we believe just in those select markets, the opportunity represents 2x of the domestic opportunities or $2 billion annual recurring opportunities. So the next question is obviously where are we in this opportunity cycle? The next graphic you will see is our progress. In the domestic market we believe that there is 1 million potential touch points in the U.S. on our current platform. Approximately 600,000 patrol officers, and another 400,000 patrol vehicles. To-date we have booked approximately over 45,000 licenses on Evidence.com meaning we are at the very beginning stages of this adoption curve. We already the dominant force in the market today with over 45,000 licenses and we are dedicated to consolidating the market on our platform. Our vision with the Axon platform strategy is to get every officer in our target markets having seen on our system and using several of the products in our products portfolio. This is a very customer focused strategy and we are extremely confident in our ability to create great products that create immense value for our customers, investors and society as a whole. This concept of a platform of connected capabilities is by far shining strength today. We’re committed to becoming the preeminent technology providers for law enforcement and are executing accordingly.  One of our Directors, Hadi Partovi really crystallized our positioning in a code after the announcement of Axon Fleet. He said with the announcement of Axon Fleet combined with Axon Body 2 in the expanded Axon platform. This provides an insight into the strategic vision held by TASER. We’re witnessing a major shift and exiting transformation of TASER’s business that's on par with the likes of net puts of evolving from shipping DVDs to be in the world's largest streaming video services or that of Amazon becoming a major cloud computing provider. TASER’s metamorphosis to the Axon software platform with multiple hardware extension provides the unified law enforcement customer experience similar to what consumer see today with the Apple or Android ecosystem. This lays the foundation for tremendous growth and it’s the beginning of an incredible story. I would like to reiterate, we’re committed to providing long term shareholder value and look forward to continuing to update you on our progress of this incredible story. This is why we like to share with our investors, five key metrics that we will continuously be sharing and measuring ourselves against for the foreseeable future and you will see today in today's earnings press release that we added a new section to technically share the results of each of these metrics with the public. So here is our five metrics. Number one, Axon and Evidence.com bookings to show the momentum in Axon and Evidence.com contract values. Number two, LTV to cap, we show that our targeted Axon investments are providing long term return on a book seat basis. Number three, ARPU, average revenue per user, to show the market acceptance overtime of higher more value added price [increase] on the Axon platform. Number four, TASER weapons operating percentage to show continued diligence in running our legacy business profitably for investing in new markets internationally. Number five, future of contracted revenue. This is cumulative bookings, less cumulative recognized revenue clearly we are looking at our two businesses with different lenses. We want to measure the growth and well place investments in the Axon segment and we’re focused on long term profitability in the more matured TASER weapon segment. Each of these metrics may have hiccups from time to time as we test new markets, products and strategies but we want to remain transparent with investors about the management - about what management looks as to calibrate the business and measure our success. Rick will now discuss the excitement of IACP and an update on the international markets.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Luke and good morning to everyone on the call. We are coming off really an exciting and incredible IACP conference and I’m the one excited by the success that we had. By all measurable metrics, this is our most successful show to date. We put over 3,000 people mostly Chiefs of Police through our customer experience and introduced the number of disruptive new products and services. All of our products were met with resounding excitement but there were two that I am dealing particularly impactful. Axon Fleet and our new unlimited HD data storage programs which is made possible through our partnership with Microsoft. After just a few days, I’m personally aware of over $30 million in pipeline for our new fleet offering, already generated through just a few major accounts. Axon Fleet is exciting because this is really the first time we disrupted an existing market as oppose to creating new markets. Now TASER is always been an innovator, when we introduce the TASER conducted electrical weapons to the world, we had to educate our customers on why they needed this new capability that they’ve never seen before. We were then the first mover in the on-officer body camera space and again we had to take time to help our customers understand why they needed this new capability. Overtime, we succeeded in building these markets and creating dominant market positions.  With that complete we’re now enjoying the benefits of entering the established market, in a sense that we don’t have to convince our customers that this is a need, they get it, they have been buying in-car systems for years and there is significant budgets that are already in place. We’ve just now built a product that’s smaller, smarter and heck a lot of less expensive than what they’re use to which explains the overwhelming response we are seeing so far. In LTVs reviews and talk about customer is similar to have the iPod disrupted the home stereo space. You use to have these big expensive systems with many components wired together, and then this tiny piece of hardware connected to a great software experience gave us all a far better user experience at a fraction of the cost. Suddenly you could put a 1,000 songs in your pocket and you could build its playlist with drag and drop versus the old method of putting CDs and records in and out of your stereo while you made cassettes, music you wanted.  While existing in-car systems remind me of these old home stereos that complex and lots of components from cameras to digital video recorder in the trunk of the car and wiring harnesses everywhere. Axon Fleet is a simple piece of hardware connected to the power of the cloud. So for a fraction of the cost and with far simpler installation and replacement. We believe Axon Fleet will give more capabilities and a much better user experience. This analogy clearly resonated with people's personal experience as we introduced this product. Well it's important to showing some more about the traction and impact both with our business and with our customer base that these products have as we move into the coming year. Outside of this being a great product for customers in a compelling edition to our platform, relatively this is a crucial strategic competitive move for us. By introducing an in-car camera at a disruptive price point, we are able to gain traction and deals where the incumbent in-car providers previously had an advantage. I talked to several agencies that we are leaning towards staying with their incumbent in-car video providers for body-worn cameras. These agencies indicated that they were now much more likely to consider our solution now that we could offer a full suite of in-car, body worn and interview room video all on one platform. Strategically, we believe we have the opportunity to rapidly gain market share in the in-car video space. Further, given that many of our competitors that are coming into the body worn space have built their core businesses around this bloated economics of $5,000 in-car video system., we felt we needed to bring our best game to compete in this market at a price point of just 499 or 90% below these older systems. Now as many of you know, I've been spending past six months living abroad, working to build out our international infrastructure. We long discussed that the sales cycle internationally is much longer but that doesn’t mean that we are not trying to see some traction. We are working hard to set up the infrastructure for long term success and met several key milestones over the past quarter. And our domestic business, our relationships with key decision makers and key influencers is key to our success. On the international side, I’ve been focusing on developing the same types of strategic relationships in our target markets. Specifically, in Canada, we’ve launched the Axon Public Safety Canada, a wholly owned subsidiary of TASER International and the company has now active employees to function its TASER’s primary contractors hiring entity in Canada for Axon solution going forward. We have also hired a new Canadian country manager to focus on the Axon segment. In Australia, we hired a country manager to start identifying those specific market needs and setting in place plans to hire sales engineers and other support personnel, working with customers and evaluating digital evidence storage ahead of implementation. We are already starting to see some momentum in Australia. In EMEA or Europe and Middle East and Africa, we’ve hired a new general manager to oversee the entire region with plans to hire country specific managers much like Canada and Australia to own the P&L of those countries over time. And finally in the U.K., as many of you know, we acquired and integrated our former distributor TSR in the third quarter. We’re also opening an office to support that growing team.  Now we have some really solid momentum in the U.K. with early wins at the city of London, a national pilot with the British transport police and our 1,000 camera pilot with the London Met. Many investors have inquired about the status of the London Met which has announced a procurement for approximately 22,000 cameras. We too are waiting to hear back about this procurement and at this point we simply just can’t comment further. I’d also like to update you on the metrics that I use personally to gauge how we are doing “steady state earnings” and as I previously discussed, one of the challenges with our sack business is that GAAP revenues are spread out over a very long time horizon making GAAP revenues and earnings very much a lagging indicator. So, as a management team, you really can’t use GAAP revenue and earnings to assess the relative levels of investment and spend especially in the business that’s growing at greater than 100% year over year right now. So, help me calibrate, I conducted thought exercise where I forecast with business will be like in future. Once the business was in the steady state and we just froze last quarter’s results and we repeated them into the indefinite future. Now into this scenario, GAAP revenues would eventually equalize at the same level of bookings. Sure there would be some quarter-to-quarter timing differences but those would cancel out over time. So in this steady state, we would have $36.9 million instead of 10.9 in revenue. If we assume the 65% gross margin on this revenue in scale, the additional $26 million of revenue would generate additional $16.9 million of operating margin. [Indiscernible] take the Axon business - units operating margin from an actual loss of 7.3 million to an operating income of 9.6 million or 26% operating margin. Now first I want to emphasize, this is a purely theoretical exercise but it really helps me mentally calibrate our level of expenditure versus the size of the business that we are building. We know that these assumptions are not going to hold true. We are continuing to ramp up our investments as Luke discussed because we still believe we’re in a very steep part of the growth curve. We also expect to see the booking number climb over time. So this steady state earnings again is a thought exercise is helpful in balancing our investments for the size of the business as it exists in a snapshot today. Perhaps the simpler way to look at this is, you can just evaluate the growth of spending versus growth in bookings. I’m happy to see our bookings growth up 20.6%, that’s sequential growth. Previous quarter 20.6%, outpaced our estimated growth of 15.5%. The next thing I would like to discuss is our philosophy as a management team about creating and growing shareholder value. We understand and acknowledge that value in the business are two different kind of operating units and this could be challenging. And in TASER’s case, we have a highly profitable manufacturing business, with our weapons business and a fast growing digital evidence management or SaaS business in Axon which is not currently profitable but has the potential to deliver significant repeatable profit of scale. This leads to different operating metrics to measure each discrete business and our progress towards success. So for the weapons business, we are focused on operating income as a percentage to sales which is basically a proxy of EPS for that segment of the business. However, when we look at the Axon business where we measure for making the necessary investment in sales marketing software development to capture a dominant share in this market that we believe has the potential total available market around $3 billion globally. The challenge with that is the investments we are making due create a significant drag on short term earnings. Even though the business we're driving towards is highly profitable at scale. So that’s why the metrics that we focus on for the Axon business are around bookings growth and the result increase in sales. Every first rule we add to the system will be highly profitable for TASER over its life. So we want to capture the bulk of the market now as the market swarming. The way we know we are on the right path [indiscernible] investment is our LTV, long term customer value to CAC or customer acquisition ratio. How much we are spending versus how much of these customers work. As long as that ratio is about 3, we feel our investment and sales marketing are working and are being effective. Hence, we do not look at blended operating income across the two business units as the right way for us to maximize shareholder value. We look at operating income in the TASER business and the other metrics which measure the growth in long term value in the Axon business.  So at this point, I’m going to hand over to Dan to take you through some of the financial highlights of the quarter. 
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. So revenues for the third quarter were very strong and above our internal expectations at $50.4 million in the quarter. We expect fourth quarter revenues to come in line with these results due to the strength of third quarter taken projected annually year-over-year growth to approximately 17%. We also expect to see an increase in bookings in the fourth quarter from the third quarter with very strong momentum we’re continuing to see in the market. So revenue recognition asset can be lumpy for several reasons of which we believe investors should be aware. The first is the delay of revenue recognition due to customer request to delay shipping the product in order for their team to have time to get the appropriate policies, training, and roll outs in place. We have had several large customers dictate staggering shipments of the camera for this purpose which can delay the revenue recognition in total. The second is the delay due to the implementation and integration services. Some customer purchase integration services with RMS, Record Management Solution or CAD system through our professional services team. Delays can happen for many reasons during these process and we believe that we waiting for the customer to accept the work is the appropriate time to start revenue recognition. Finally, there is a concept of contingent hardware for highly discounted camera purchases where the customer gets initial camera for free or at highly discounted price. The cases where the hardware is highly discounted we still allocated post of the total contract initial camera purchase based on the sales value the camera versus the other products service in store purchased.  We spread that allocated revenue over the life of the camera which causes little revenue be recognize its selling but more camera revenue be recognize each subsequent month versus traditional sales where the camera revenues recognize at once at the time of selling. Although life of the contract, the revenue recognize is identical to similar size deal where the customer pays full price for the initial camera, the only difference is the timing when revenue takes place for the initial camera. So gross margins for the third quarter came in at 61.7% which is compared to 64.7% the prior year and 65.8% in the second quarter. The decrease was driven by a mix shift to the lower margin video signal hardware, an increase in contingent hardware deals and an increase in discounting through programs such as the standard issue grant program. As mentioned above, in contingent hardware deals, revenue of the camera dock is recognized over the life of the contract, which might be as long as five years, while the cost of the camera is recognized upfront. As a result, we may see some continued fluctuations in gross margins as the product mix changes, a proportion of the contingent revenue deals recognize [various]. However, having a more significant portion of our sales to be the Axon camera is a positive leading indicator of an increasing install base seats on Evidence.com which will lead to a growing software portion of the business creating predictable, high margin, recurring revenue stream for TASER in the long run. We anticipate gross margins on a consolidated basis to range from 60% to 64% in the near term. As Luke, mentioned earlier, we want to share with you the key metrics we are using as a Management team and our Board are also reviewing constantly with us. These include, lifetime value of the customer compared to the customer acquisition cost ratio, which keeps us focused on the return on our sales and marketing investments in the business. In the third quarter of 2015, our lifetime value for customer to acquisition cost ratio was 4.7. So as a reminder, conventional wisdom indicates that anything greater than three means that investments are well placed. While we're investing in additional sales and marketing cost, we're also introducing incremental revenue producing products to increase the lifetime value of each individual customer. In the third quarter, we saw a new seats book at an average of $3,500 per seat. As Axon Fleet [indiscernible] and other products gained traction and along with unlimited HD plans ramp up, we expect the average booking per seat to continue to trend higher over time. We're also very keyed into our active paid user base. These are the seats that are past the integration of customer housing points, and are included in our revenue recognition figure. In the third quarter, our active paid user base increased to approximately 33,000 seats. While we're still happy with the increase here, as I discussed earlier, some of the items that delay revenue recognition also delayed the timing of when seats go out of system. Total booked seats for the third quarter by comparison was approximately 9,300 and on a cumulative basis we've booked over 45,000 seats. That means that we have about 12,000 seats under contract which will eventually be in our monthly service and stores revenue, but are not currently in that statistic at the end of September. Our average revenue per user ARPU was 27.59 in the third quarter, which is sequentially down. It's important for investors to recognize there is some noise in this figure due to catch ups of revenues based on milestones for customers that incurred during the quarter. The second quarter had a larger catch up in the historic run rate which normalizes itself in this quarter. We believe that the trend from approximately $26 per month earlier this year to $27.59 in the third quarter is still favorable. And we expect this trend to continue upwards over time as we're signing more and more customers into our higher tiers of service. In the third quarter, approximately 70% of customer signed up for either the ultimate, unlimited, or officer safety plan license tiers which is priced at $55 per officer, per month and above. Clearly, all the metrics just discussed are solely focused on the Axon segment. We want to make sure that we're placing our investments in all areas of the high quantum return as we continue to believe they're paying off. Regards to the weapons business, we remain focused on profitable growth. And as a result, income from operations and weapon specific earnings per share are the target metrics for the segment. To get to weapons segment EPS, we're simply taking the operating income for the weapon segment, plus or minus interest and other expenses, lessen allocated provision for income taxes based on our consolidated year-to-date tax rate. Based on this calculation, we had weapons earnings per share of $0.14 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2015, and $0.44 per diluted share year-to-date. This compares to $0.19 and $0.42 of diluted EPS for the same periods in the prior year. As we grow the international portion of the business, there'll be some near term drag on the metrics, but we believe the long term ROI is evident given large potential addressable market in our top tier countries alone. There are other ancillary metrics we're including in our statistics, that's what our website for investor reference such as seats booked, future billings, future contracted revenue, average book contracts earned, [indiscernible] attachment rate. However, we believe that the above metrics are the ones that are most critical drivers in business over time and we're consistently sharing these with investors with commentary on each call. We're ultimately looking to create a long term value for both our customers and our shareholders and want to be consistent in sharing our progress with investors. Sales, general, administrative expenses for the third quarter were $17.8 million, an increase of $5.4 million compared to the prior year. We've recognized this is up 4.7% higher than the amounts we referenced in last quarters call. But as we messaged over the past year, this market is moving fast. At third quarter, this momentum peaked at all time high going in the IACP. We knew that incremental investments are necessary to continue to capitalize in this opportunity and capture market share. We spent incremental dollars on Axon [indiscernible], we also hired another 19 sales and marketing employees in the quarter as we're shrinking our sales regions to be able to be in front of the ever expanding ground with interested customers. We want to be in front of every deal that is in the marketplace. IACP made it clear that the competition in national space is multiplying quickly. We have a very large first floor advantage, we need to capitalize on it now in order to avoid market fragmentation. Given the sales leadership is not adjusting in the target bookings or sales on a per rep basis as we increase the number of reps and reduce the size of each territory. We're confident that each rep that we add, well that should be accretive to both sales and earnings. As we look at Q4, we're further increasing our spending guidance to an incremental $2.1 million and SG&A compared to the third quarter. We're exhibiting at the MILIPOL conference in Paris, which is the international equivalent of IACP to continue our momentum stemming from our latest product announcements in the international market. We also anticipate higher consulting spend to fill some long term gaps in our organization and search for the best hires. Research and development expenses in the third quarter were $6.4 million, an increase to $2.8 million compared to the prior year. Due to the additional test tools and materials related Axon Body 2, and associated consulting, we anticipate that our research and development –several hundred thousand dollars higher in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to the third quarter amount. We believe that it was imperative to have a fully function models of Body 2 at IACP show, going into last weekend, which proved to be a phenomenal decision as we learned that many of our competitors did not make the same choice, and as a result had to talk in generalities about their technology, giving our customers the opportunity to interact and observe live demonstrations of these new products. It's just one of the many examples of how our team executed to ensure our presence in IACP was tremendous. Income tax for the quarter was $5.2 million, which is -- obviously abnormally high for the Company. The effective tax rate for 2015, increased to 47.7% due to changes in expectations for the profitability of the new TASER International BV subsidiary located in Netherlands. Because of the manufacturing delays, startup cost and increased expenses to grow the international business undertaken in 2015, the Company no longer expects the TASER International BV to be profitable in 2015, as a result the Company's effective tax rate has increased to 47.7% for 2015. The Company does expect the effective tax rate to come down to more traditional 36% to 40% range in 2016, and see additional effective tax rate coming down as the international business increases and the international income resulting from that also increases. Operating cash flow in the third quarter of 2015, was $19.3 million, an increase of $2.7 million compared to the third quarter of 2014. The increase was primarily driven by the increase in deferred revenue balances of $7.5 million, and decrease of inventory of $5.2 million during the quarter. Finally, as we look into 2016, we want to make it crystal clear to the market that we're going to continue to invest to win the market. Every customer that we get on our platform strategy is significantly more valuable over their lifetime than the cost to acquire them. In addition, we expect the return of our customer base to be relatively low, making it very important to win the majority of new deals, or risk losing a customer to competitor for five or more years. We're now going to move into the question-and-answer portion of the call, but I would like to remind investors, we've added supplementary results package on our investor website, www.investor.taser.com, to review the drivers of the third quarter results and provide a dashboard of our statistical metrics. We're going to take two questions in each person in the queue in the first round of questions, and ensure everyone has a chance. Should you have additional questions, please get back into the queue. And with that, we'll turn it back over to the moderator to start the Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of George Godfrey with CL King. Your line is open.
George Godfrey: Thank you, and thank you for taking the questions. I just want to dig in on the ARPU change sequentially a little bit. Am I understanding this right that exiting Q2 the ARPU was about $29, but as you move through the Q3, the ARPU for those existing seats that you had from Q2 and Q1 there, actual revenue sale, and that's how we get to the 27.6?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, George, that's a good question. It's really more of a reflection of the adjustments that we make each quarter. Basically the ARPU calculation, we've been taking just the total revenue for service and sales in the last month of the quarter divided by the number of paid seats. So there's little bit of noise on that number[at the end of] [ph] each month of the quarter, and in the second quarter, there's little bit more of that some of that noise which alter that number a little bit more in the Q2 versus Q3. I think we're confident that the ARPU is going to continue to go up over time and especially with the new seats signed in Q3, most of those -- about 70% are higher priced tiers that are above that 27.59 rate. So, we do expect that that number will continue to increase.
George Godfrey: Okay. Thank you. And then my follow up is, international operation, do you expect those to be profitable next year?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean, right now we're making significant investments. I think that as that business becomes closer to breakeven and profitable, that will get our effective tax rate back down into that more normalized rate, and then over time as the percentage of our profits that get driven from the international part of the business increase, then we'll see that effective tax rate continue to drop below the sort of normal U.S. rates into lower effective tax rate over time, but a lot of that is going to be driven by the percentage of profits that are being generated from that international operations.
George Godfrey: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrea James with Dougherty and Company. Your line is open.
Andrea James: Thanks so much for taking my questions. This is a question on future portion of sales that you anticipate will come from outside North America. I know you gave us a long term TAM, I'm just thinking about how do we think about it in next year and next five years kind of in a shorter time frame.
Rick Smith: Yes, this is Rick, I think -- traditionally we've been seeing international sales coming in maybe around 20% of the revenues of the business. I think our long term goal would be to see that climb north of 50%, but that's going to take some time. In terms of what's going to happen in next year, the challenges that we’ve got are just that these international customers tend to buy in big lumpy orders. So, it makes it really hard for us to know for sure or predict with a great degree of precision when those are going to come in. So, I don't know that we have a great answer that the next is going to be significantly better than the 20% it’s been historically. But I think we're doing the right things at this point, but putting more resources in these markets, I think one thing we've realized is we're not going to be able to grow the business to the point that it needs to be by just relying on international distributors and not having a direct Company presence in key markets around the world.
Andrea James: Okay. And then another quick question. How sticky do you envision your Evidence.com customers to be? Do you think it's going to be easy or more difficult for competitors to come in and kind of bid that away from you once you’ve won a market? Thank you.
Luke Larson: This is Luke. I think our solution is very sticky. We've focused on the work flow from capture to court room. So, all along are kind of value proposition that customers are using our system to add metadata, share cases; we just released, a really, really exciting announcement with our Prosecutor Platform [5.25] [ph] that allows them to securely share digital evidence along out to their prosecutors as well with adjacent agencies. So, we feel really confident in our customers seeing the value in the usage that we're seeing today.
Andrea James: Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yes, I would just add that, I think our real differentiator is that we have really focused on a great user experience and I can tell you, I was speaking in front of group of -- in this case the state patrol, the people that run the highway patrols, one of the comments in their executive committee, one of the colonels spoke up to me and said, it's just terrible that the user experience that we have it worked when we go and we deal with our systems it work, it's nothing like the systems that we have in our consumer lines, where we just have these wonderful user experiences. And I think that's something we've heard consistently which you typically will not hear that from our users. We've really spent a lot of effort from the time we acquired Familiar, the mobile company in Seattle about two years ago. We've really sort of taken a different approach that we're winning a lot of market share by winning the hearts and minds of the end-user through a great user experience. And we think that that is what will make us really sticky long term that we're integrating into their business flows in a way that makes our job easier and this is a market that does not change the business processes very readily. So, as long as we're giving them a great user experience, we think there's going to be a very high bar for someone to try and displace us.
Andrea James: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Your line is open.
Steve Dyer: Thanks, good morning. Dan, I don't know if I am a little slow here, but I still am not necessarily understanding given all of the bigger sort of unlimited data plans that you guys have announced off late, and maybe there's a lot of them in the queue in that extra 12.5, but I guess I'm not seeing why your incremental ARPU would be down so much this quarter. Can you elaborate a little bit more on the catch ups or noise et cetera that you talked about?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean, in addition to the catch ups, I think the issue is I think a lot of these larger customers that are buying our high service tiers with unlimited storage, those are typically customers that are more likely to have delays from the time we sort of announce the booking to the time we start recognizing the revenue. They typically take advantage of the implementation and integration services that take time, there's usually more from a policy perspective they need to work through. So, I think the best way to look at it is, I think the ARPU of sort of the 12,000 seats still to be recognized is better than the 27.50 or so that we announced for this quarter, and that will drive that ARPU up over time, because the customers that are sort of easier lift that maybe are not doing implementation integration are the ones that are going to kind of go through quickly. So, I think the ARPU of the sort of still to be recognized customers is better and that's why we think the ARPUs continue to trend up over time.
Steve Dyer: And I think you added like 5,000 or so if my memory is correct, users onto the network this quarter. I mean why would their ARPUs be incrementally worse than the 28 that you had on previously?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean I think there's just going to be mix differences over time. I think it's depending on the level that people -- obviously our service offering started at $15 a month plus store. So we do have some customers who are going to be at the lower end of the range. So, there's definitely going to be some mix differences and this quarter the new customers added were a little worse than the $29. But the customers that we've already booked, that are still to be added are better and that's why -- this will kind of normalize over time and it's definitely, there's a little bit of lumpiness there but we do expect a long term trend to continue to go up.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And then my follow up, the 70% of bookings in the quarter that took the $55 and up packages, just for context do you have what that number was in Q2 or even year-over-year?
Dan Behrendt: I don't. I could tell you that it continues to trend positively for us as more and more customers, especially the unlimited storage plans and with the introduction of Body 2 and that's an HD camera, having sort of unlimited storage built in and becoming a predictable cost for agencies, I think is going to be very popular and we're seeing that in sort of the bookings already, and I think we'll continue to see those trends going forward because of -- I think it's really compelling for customers to have that unlimited storage especially with HD video.
Steve Dyer: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mark Strouse: Yes, good morning. This is Mark Strouse on for Paul. Thanks for taking our questions. So, Dan, last quarter you mentioned that the -- you guys had seen a bit of a lengthening of the sales cycles as some new competitors had come out with solutions. But you kind of reiterated that you're still seeing success in the contracts that you won but just that the sales cycle was lengthening, I'm just kind of curious especially with some new competitors coming out at the conference last week. What's the latest thought on that sale cycle is? Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean I think it's -- I don't think it's changed that dramatically. Obviously there's lots of new hardware vendors coming in the market. The barrier to get into the sort of camera business isn't that great. But from the beginning, we've looked to differentiate ourselves with the SaaS solution, and we think ultimately that's where customers once they really sort of understand that cameras are going to -- they're going to find new cameras every two and half or three years, so they can't, they're making a long term decision on work flows and other things that are not -- the cameras, it's not that's unimportant but that's not the most important piece of it, and I think that as we get more entrants in the market, I think there is -- certainly the sales cycle, customers will continue to try out vendors besides us, and we actually encourage that because I think that's where we really shine. There's a lot of competitors out there that are promising the world and I think once the customers really understand kind of what they're buying, what the competitor versus us, I think we win the vast majority of those deals and so we feel good about our market position. I don't know if you to add anything to that Luke.
Luke Larson: Yes, I think the key announcement that we made at this year’s IACP with Axon Fleet and our Microsoft partnership really positioned us as an innovator and the market leader. With our customer relationships, this is really a customer intimacy story, and when we’re in deals our customers really value the TASER brand, the professional sales force that we have both with kind of the consultation on what’s the ROI the agency is going to see with our solution to eliminate [indiscernible] disks, as well as the post sales service support we offer. And then really the point that Rick mentioned on, we create a great user experience. We’ve got a very, very long reach into our customer base that we pull back into our product development and so we feel confidently if we get –in a face off with a competitor the majority of the time, a high, high percentage of the time we’re going to win those deals based on those factors.
Mark Strouse: Got it, okay, thanks. And then Dan you touched on this in your prepared remarks about 2016 OpEx. Are you prepared to quantify that at all yet? Maybe a different way of asking it is, I mean you’re seeing the kind of consensus number that are out there can you talk maybe directionally if we’re in the right ballpark or need to go up or down.
A – Dan Behrendt: Yes, I think, probably not right - prepared to talk specifically to 2016 other than the fact that we do expect that the OpEx to continue to turn upwards in 2016 as we invest in both sales and marketing resources to capture the business as well as development resources to add to our platform and keep our competitive advantage. So we definitely expect that the OpEx will continue to turn upwards over time.
A – Luke Larson: Yes, I’d want to just reiterate, we really like to focus our management team, our Board has alignment around this and investors, how we’re measuring the two businesses really on those five metrics that we called out earlier.
Mark Strouse: Got it, got it. Okay, makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Uerkwitz with Oppenheimer. Your line is open. 
Andrew Uerkwitz: Thanks, gentlemen, for taking my call. I just wanted to better understand the revenue recognition that's going on here. I think you said, you had about 12,000 seats that have yet to be recognized. Could you give us some color on when you think those could be recognized and when those will originally – just give us an idea of the timeline here to understand some of these bigger contracts better? Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: Andrew, this is Dan. That’s a good question. I think there is some variability with that. I would say that typically we’ve recognized the camera is selling, but then there is a delay around the recognition of the service and storage revenue based on implementation services, milestones with customers and other things and that could certainly delay it by a quarter or even as many as two quarters just based on sort of the variables in a given deal. I think that this quarter we saw it probably more pronounced than we’ve seen it where we have really significantly less new users added into the system versus what we booked. Typically it’s been more of a sort of the users you book in one quarter you recognize the next quarter and there is just sort of a continues sort of snow plow pushing things out a quarter on the revenue recognition on the service side. This quarter we saw that a little bit more pronounced, it’s mostly due to some bigger deals in the system, that’s a little bit more complex but we do feel that within a quarter or two those seats will certainly be in the system and part of the recognized revenue.
Andrew Uerkwitz: That’s helpful. How does that affect the contracts, so is my understanding, you may have shipped some cameras but you may not be booking the Evidence.com. Does a five year contract start when the camera gets shipped or does is start when the Evidence.com get shipped, how do we think about that timing?
Dan Behrendt: Typically for most deals we’ll recognize - there will be sort of a catch up once the customer is up and running on the system. And lot of that depends in where the delay is, if the delay is the customer saying, hey, we’re not quite ready, they make a 10 months of service the first year and then 12 months after that. Most of these customers it’s sort of –to their advantage to get the clock started because that means they’re going to get their - lot of these, especially if they are customer around TASER Assurance Plan deals, where they have sort of prepaying for their next camera, they’re going to want that clock to start and will get the camera sooner. So there is a fair amount of moving pieces there, it does sort of depend deal to deal.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Perfect. And this is my last question, and I will jump offline. If there are delays like this, is there any risk that a city misses a budget cycle?
Dan Behrendt : Can you repeat that question, I’m not sure I heard it clearly.
Andrew Uerkwitz: If some of these major large cities, large deals are having slower implementation issues or having issues that are slowing implementation, is there any chance that they miss a budget cycle and not able to place a second or third order to fulfill their obligations?
Dan Behrendt : Yes, we don’t expect that to really be an issue because most of these deals when a customer is committing to a multi-year deal, they’re thinking about future budget sources and stuff like that. So usually we don’t expect that to be a real issue.
Andrew Uerkwitz: Great, thank you. I really appreciate the color. Thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg. Your line is open.
Glenn Mattson: Yes, I think the topic of the adoption rate on the services may have been picked over enough although it’s not I think 100% clear yet but maybe moving onto weapons for a minute, can you say, did you pull any revenue forward from Q4 into weapons because I think you’re expecting something a little down sequentially and it turned out up? And gross margins were a little weaker in that segment, can you talk to that also please?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we had - so on the sales, we had a real significant weapon sales basically last couple of days of the quarter which easily could have been fourth quarter deal, where our sales people were effective in getting that in the third quarter, so that’s why we’re thinking sort of fourth quarter will be more flat although we had record - this is - the thing we want to just sort of remind ourselves and investors this quarter is the highest quarter sales in the company’s history. So repeating on the fourth quarter is still and putting up sort of 17% year-over-year growth on an annual basis, we still feel good about that trend. On the gross margin, I think it’s really driven mostly by some of the new programs we have like the standard issue grant program, some of the other programs, I think the good news is it’s driving the business which is great. There is some discounting that goes with that which will have a little bit of an impact on margin in the quarter.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. That does it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Allen Klee with Sidoti. Your line is open.
Allen Klee: Yes, hi. Just following up on weapons, also how do you think about just normally seasonality of fourth quarter and budget flushes, how that would normally play out?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, that’s a good question, this is Dan. I mean typically we do see some budget flush in the fourth quarter which is - can be a net positive, I think, I guess there is sort of two pieces of color, the third quarter of 2014 still set the record for the highest quarter in CEW sales in Company’s history, so we sort of grew pretty close to matching that this quarter which we feel good about. So I think it’s - as we look at the fourth quarter, we think that sort of repeat, we think it’s a reasonable target. We had some large CEW deals in this quarter which certainly helped and I think those are - that creates sort of a top sort of sequential comp to go against. So we need some of that budget flush to make up for some of these big deals that we saw in the quarter. So I think we feel good about the 17% year-over-year growth on a total year basis and I think some of that puts and takes of big deals versus budget flush are kind of baked into that expectation.
Allen Klee: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Your line is open.
Steve Dyer: Thanks. Sticking with weapons, your overall unit sales were down quite a bit more than CEW revenue and I don’t think ASP normally changes all that much. Is there something else in there ex-rep revenue or some other things that that maybe drove revenue to be better than the unit results?
Dan Behrendt: No, I think probably the biggest part is just sort of the amount of direct sales continues to increase both with more direct business in the U.S. as we continue to take more states direct which increases our ASP, as well as some of the international business is now direct which also helps because we are seeing sort of the end user price come through ASP versus the distributor price.
Steven Dyer: Okay. So it is pretty much entirely explained by ASP?
Dan Behrendt: That’s correct. 
Steven Dyer: Okay. And then you mentioned the incremental 12,500-ish users loaded in the queue and said you expect ARPU to be higher. Is there any way you could quantify at all how much higher et cetera, I mean 70% taken that $55 and up package would imply. It’s quite high barring discounting but are you prepared to give any more color on that?
Dan Behrendt: The $55 is really from – probably just clarify that, the $55 includes sort of camera upgrades. It is really probably more of a $40 ARPU as comparison because the 15 of that is future camera upgrades. But I guess I’m not prepared to quantify that specifically other than the fact that we think this trend towards the higher price service tier should help with the overall ARPU number over time.
Steven Dyer: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back over to Mr. Larson for closing remarks. 
Luke Larson: Thank you everyone for the time. I’d like reiterate that we are committed to providing a long term shareholder value. We strongly believe in our Axon platform strategy and we look forward to continuing to update you on our incredible progress in this story. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - CEO and Director Dan Behrendt - CFO Luke Larson - CMO
Analysts: Steven Dyer - Craig Hallum Mark Strouse - JP Morgan Andrew Grone - Dougherty & Company Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann George Godfrey - C. L. King
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to TASER International Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions following at that time. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. And now I’ll turn the conference over to your host, Luke Larson, President of TASER International. Please begin.
Luke Larson: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s second quarter year 2015 earnings conference call. Before we get started I’m going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Luke. Safe Harbor Statements: Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I will turn it back over to Luke Larson, President.
Luke Larson: Thank you, Dan. As a reminder, we’re going to be accepting some questions via Twitter during the Q&A portion of the call. To follow our updates on twitter during the call follow the account @taser_ir. For those of you without Twitter, all updates and graphics streams directly to our Investor Relations website investor.taser.com. The team here TASER have continued to achieve extraordinary results in the second quarter or following up a strong start to the year in Q1. We continue to exceed expectations in both the top-line and bottom-line bookings in the AXON and evidence.com business posted a new record of $30.6 million, a growth of 170% compared to the second quarter of 2014. Revenues in the second quarter of 2015 were $46.7 million, growth of $9.5 million or 25.7% compared to the prior year. We now have 26 major cities on our AXON platform including both evidence.com and MediaSolv. During the quarter, we announced the Dallas, Louisville, Montgomery County AXON deployments, but we also added DC and Milwaukee to that list as well. We remain hyper focused on consolidating the top two of the market on AXON platform through incremental sales personnel, a sales development team and a professional implementations team and we are seeing the fruits of our investments with continued bookings growth and new major city wins. We pride ourselves in being a trusted partner in law enforcement which results in continued multiple year contract being assigned accommodating in future contracted revenue in Q2 of $94.9 million. The company had several exciting announcements in the last couple of months including new product offerings, acquisitions and big new order wins. The second quarter was the first in which we had the opportunity to see early traction of the standard issue grant program, which is a resounding early success. As of the second quarter, we have already issued three quarters of a million dollars in grants for approximately 4300 officers. Perhaps most interesting is that we believe the program has accelerated adoption of the officer safety plan licensed tier, our highest tier of service. As a reminder, standard issue grant is another program in place to help incentivize agencies to ensure their officers are fully equipped on the job, they are only with an officer cameras but also with smart weapons which historically have not been standard issue equipment. In these times, we believe in this day in age every officer should have a TASER, a camera and an evidence.com license and we are moving aggressively to bring our technology to the men and women out there doing one of the hardest jobs in managing law. Over the last 20 years, TASER International has been in business, we’ve evolved our products, we paid some to needs that we have seen we are closer relationship with our customers from the intent scenarios in which smart weapon is used, we learned that the TASER cam could capture the use of the weapon to protect officers and citizens alike in a potential excessive use forced scenario. The TASER cam provided our first insights into video evidence market, where it ultimately informed the AXON platform. We could now capture the context of the scenario leading up to the use of the smart weapon by filming an entire citizen interaction rather than just to exposure itself. Upon the launch of the first generation of the AXON camera in 2009, it became abundantly clear that the management of digital evidence was the next challenge facing law enforcement entering the digital age, hence the development of evidence.com. Next week is the one year anniversary of Ferguson Missouri and the death of Michael Brown, while absolutely and unfortunate from the perspective of our country’s history in the present state of communities, it highlighted the need for more transparency between law enforcement and their communities. At TASER, we look to solve tough societal problems with technology. By leveraging technology, we believe we can help solve these massive societal issues in the unique way that creates the most value. This is an always readily apparent at the early stages of the technology investment. When we started investing in a cloud platform for a law enforcement there was a lot of doubt it would be successful. We have been investing in AXON and Evidence.com, our cloud and wearable platform for upwards of five years prior to the Ferguson event happening. This positioned us to be the top leader in helping agencies deal with these extremely complex and difficult problems. Since this event the demands from both law enforcement and the general public has surged far quicker for a solution to this transparency in AXON and Evidence.com than we ever expected and this year has been huge success from the increase in bookings ARPU, major city adoption, active and paid users, just to name a few of the proven statistics. As management, it is hugely rewarding to start to see those five years improving work begin to pay off, but we believe that we are still in the early maturity phase of this adoption curve and as technology refresh within the public safety sector. As we look forward it is imperative that we continue to move at start up speed and capture the market-share under our end-to-end solution, something that we believe we are the market leader in today. In 2015 as more and more agencies are joining this movement and subsequently recording, managing and storing digital evidence, all eyes have been open to the implications of this technology to the entire criminal justicism. We experienced some push back to body camera deployments from participants downstream in the prosecution cycle of cases as there were fewer of in surging influx of evidence on disks. The historical way agencies shared their digital evidence. We sent some of our sales team and product managers to the district in Florida to learn about their processes and we showed them Evidence.com, the result of which is an addition to of a prosecutor licensed tier. At the same districts in Florida chose to standardize on Evidence.com and now all agencies in the area will be required to utilize our system. A text book example of how important the network effects are in this ecosystem, we viewed district attorneys and prosecutors as key influencers in the decision making process to deploy AXON and Evidence.com. By giving the standard version of the product to them for free, we believe we can gain additional key proponents of our platform in this increasingly competitive market. Overall we feel strong that our product iteration process is successful because of our intense voice to the customer research and we will continue to evaluate opportunities accordingly. It is our long-term goal to manage an officer's entire digital life be on cameras hence our continued investment in the cloud solutions variables and mobile. In order to maintain a leadership position, we will make full technology investments in these emerging technologies, some of these investments will succeed, some will fail. We believe that the investments we make with both our successes and our failures will be critical to maintaining a learning organization that can evolve and adapt to future technologies and market challenges. Today we are investing heavily in mobile around communication and collaboration features for public safety. We see the trend from desktop to mobile as something that will certainly come to the public safety market as it has to so many other markets and we are intent on being a leader in the space. Much like our early investments in cloud technology seven years ago, division we have for mobile it will be significant differentiator for our products from those of competitors. Our increased mobile capabilities add to our holistic end-to-end technology solution that creates great benefits for our customers and value for our shareholders. It is incremental services such as implementation and prosecutor support that differentiate us from the competition which as everyone knows is heating up as other seek to emulate the success we are demonstrating. Others have realized that this is a very interesting market that is happening now, there are new entrance more pressure in the hardware stack and others claiming to have a comparable cloud solution. We are extremely confident that we have a substantial lead on the end-to-end solution of video capture storage and management through the entire criminal justice system. When we are in front of the customer we win time and time again as our offerings excel on total value created, total parts of ownership, the ecosystem and the customer experience. To simplify, we are investing in the channel to win share now that we are investing in engineering to continue to deliver a world class technology platform where the value increases with each additional user. As I mentioned on the last call, hiring is a huge priority for me, especially this year. The first quarter started out a little slower than planned even with adding over 50 people by the first quarter call, our people and culture team has really been running at top speed and we have added an incremental 50 people in the second quarter, hiring nearly all areas to the business, but remaining focus on customer facing position, software engineers and international infrastructure. In the third quarter, we have our new class from college hire starting a truly impressive group of nine talented recruits. We also went through a hiring deep dive in July to prioritize our hiring for the rest of the year to ensure we are being diligent in our investments to make sure we are hitting the most long-term ROI from each hire as their integrated into the organization. But we are confident that our investments in high quality hires across the business will continue to provide corresponding incremental returns, there is a lag between the initial date of hire and the positive impact on results. As we look forward to the third quarter results, incremental hiring is going to increased expenses in addition to some increased travel expenses due to our annual sales meeting, public relations expense for a new AXON brand campaign acquisition-related to legal personnel and integration expenses and new system implementations. In the third quarter, we anticipate R&D expenses to increase sequentially by $500,000 and SG&A expenses increased sequentially by $1.6 million. Further, in the fourth quarter of this year, we expect another incremental increase in SG&A and R&D of $1.4 million and $500,000 sequentially. I'd like to reiterate our commitment to the long term and set the expectation this is a consistent message you'll be hearing from me and the rest of our leadership team. We believe that by investing to obtain, extend and solidify our market leadership position will create a public safety platform that we can leverage to create a powerful economic model. We're planning to win a much larger market over the long run and look forward to generating long term shareholder value as a result. Rick is now going to update you on the progress in the international market.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Luke and good afternoon everyone. Or maybe I should say good morning. I'm currently in France where it's a beautiful afternoon and I've been spending a lot of time with our international team and we're just beginning my year-long international tour to focus on getting our tier 1 markets up and running. Continental Europe and the UK has been my focus for the summer and as many of you know the Europeans take their summer holidays quite seriously, so while I've had several meetings with national level police forces, we primarily used the past few months to focus on setting up our foundation for the long term success and we'll begin more intensive customer engagements at summer's end. When I talk about setting up our foundation, I'm specifically talking about recruiting the right people. Setting up our facilities and our business processes in the key infrastructure to drive sustainable growth. One key structural change I'd like to talk about is that we've consolidated all of our global sales under Josh Isner, our Executive Vice President of Global Sales. You may recall that we restructured our sales organization in December when I promoted Josh to run all of North America and another person to run international sales. This was largely to give me more visibility into the people and processes across our sales organization and based upon what I learned, I felt that our international team can truly benefit from Josh's talent around hiring, implementing world class sales process. Accordingly, in May, we made another move and I promoted Josh to oversee all sales globally. He's been quite busy helping build out our international team. Josh directly led the hiring efforts for our new UK country manager along with three new enterprise sales people there, sales engineering and account management and various other support resources. Following in July, we announced the acquisition of Tactical Safety Responses Limited or TSR. We're moving quickly and aggressively in the UK which is the most advanced market in terms of the evaluation of our product suite today. The UK market represents approximately 120,000 officers and currently has an installed base of around 16,000 TASER weapons. We're currently waiting on a pending approval of our new Smart Weapon, but we believe that we'll be seeing that come sometime in the next six months. This represents not only an opportunity to upgrade of 16,000 aging weapons in the install base, but there is also clearly a lot of wide space in that market to expand. There's recently been support expressed by some public officials by the national police union and by the general public to arm frontline officers with TASER Weapons, particularly in light of the current -- against police in the west. While encouraging main addition of TASER Weapons in this market is a long way off due to the established - culture and we have a lot of work to do. The acquisition of TSR will help us in this market in a multitude of ways. Their experts is in the public procurement with - logistics, compliance, import and export laws of the UK which are very complex. Further, they are deeply in bringing in existing client base, so not only been we buy their experience in expertise on logistical weapons side, but we are continuing to model and ensuring that we own directly the customer relationship in key markets. The TSR team brought some pace foundation for our weapon business and we are now adding on top of that a new general manager, enterprise sales and support staff to build up a full team we believe we need to win the market across our entire technology platform including Evidence.com and AXON in our enterprise software sales. The existing staff will cost us approximately $375,000 in SG&A expense per quarter. We plan to hire out some additional talent internationally in the marketing and sales engineering roles as well in the second half of 2015. We are deeply committed making the AXON platform, leading cloud mobile and wearable technology ecosystem across the United Kingdom and frankly across the work. We are actively recruiting country managers in at least three additional countries with respect to fill in the third quarter in addition to two other international regional sales managers we added in the first half. This is all about meeting closer to our customers. We are decreasing the communication distance from our customers to our product developers and support team. Some of which will be deploying people in country. Beyond operating item support, we will now be positioned to better develop UK customer-driven solutions from nationwide in the management system to UK specific supports reported. This investment underscores to TASER International's commitment to the UK market and our focus on the international market by delivering the best value and innovations in public safety technology to our customers. In order to the United Kingdom we have been building out our team at our new international headquarters in Amsterdam from sales to finance IT bringing new systems online to support our supply chain, manufacturing and accounting logistic this has been a significant undertaking and our team has been working really hard and I am really proud of them. On spirits in building out our U.S. business we know that we need at the right team and right systems to win across the globe and we have been delivering out and setting the foundation. The UK is great example of the model -- international tour while my focus is on getting the right team in place in our tier 1 countries, getting some of the higher level of introductions made with key decision makers in these markets so that our team can run fast. After the UK and northern Europe this summer I headed the France, I will be based in Paris which provides a great central location from which I can support efforts across all of Europe. In the Spring I relocate to Rome and again have the ability to move across Europe as we scale up our customer engagement. I have planned during summer of next year in Australia and Asia helping our teams there. The addressable markets in Europe and Asia in aggregate represent a well over million police officers which is collectively greater than the science of our North American markets. [indiscernible] on our challenges and our success in these markets in the course of the coming year. But before I hand up I’d like to take you on one other metric that I personally find very helpful in engaging how our business is doing, this is what I call our steady state earnings. So one of the challenges with the SaaS business, as we evidence.com is it GAAP revenues are spread out we’re very long time horizon, making GAAP revenues and earnings are very much lagging indicator, you really can’t drive the business using GAAP revenues and earnings to assess relative levels of investment, it's a wayward looking metric, especially the business is growing at faster than 100% year-over-year. So to help collaborate just remind you we talk about this previously but I play a hypothetical game, which is what at the business within a steady state, just like this quarter, and we just repeated this quarter’s performance into the indefinite future. Under this scenario GAAP revenues would eventually equalize at the second level bookings sure there might be some quarter-to-quarter timing differences but those can cancel out over time, so in this hypothetical future steady state, we would have add revenues equal to bookings or 30.6 million in the AXON business segment instead of the 8.9 million of recognized GAAP revenue. If we assume a 65% gross margin on this revenue at scale, the additional 21.7 million of revenue would generate an additional 14.1 million of operating margin. This would make the P&L look very different, this will take the operating margin from an actual loss of 5.3 million today to an operating income of 8.8 million. Though it feels like a pretty reasonable business earning 8.8 million on 36 million of revenue, a theoretical operating margin of over 28%, now of course I want to emphasize this is a purely theoretical exercise that I use to help mentally collaborative our level which expenditure in reasonable for the size of the business when we have today normally assumptions are going to whole true. I am going to continue ramp up our investments as Luke talked about because we believe that we’re still in a very steep part of the growth curve. So we also expect the booking number to climb over time. But the steady state earnings is a part of exercise that I find very helpful in looking at a snapshot of the business as it is today and evaluating our level of investment spend. Dan is now going to take us through some of the financial highlights for the quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. Revenue in the second quarter was $46.7 million, a growth of 25.7% compared to the second quarter of 2014. We’re very happy with our second quarter sales results as it exceeds our expectations, because we were able to close some deals in Q2, which we had forecast to happen in Q3. As a result, we expect Q3 results to come and close Q2 actual. This is more align with our traditional seasonality with Q3 normally being seasonally weaker than Q2. And 2013 and 2014 that seasonality was match by strong orders in the federal space due to year-end sweep up orders. With this sequestration, we see the same amount of federal [indiscernible] money and Q3 this year will probably not come to provision because the tighter budget climate. And general, we continue to become 12 on a consolidated basis with an annual figure of 15% for the foreseeable future. Gross margins continue to be very strong with this quarter’s gross margin coming in 65.8%. This is in line with our guidance last quarter, the normalize margins on a go forward basis. We feel that they should fall somewhere in the 63% to 66% range. And TASER Weapon segment, gross margins were 70.2% in the second quarter of 2015, compared to 64.7% in the second quarter of 2014. We expect margins remain strong, programs like standard issue grant program have ability to decrease average selling prices and resulting gross margins on those sales. In the AXON segment, gross margins improved 47% in the second quarter of 2015, compared to 26.7% in the prior year. As service revenue scale, we’ll continue to get leverage other fixed costs needed run our evidence.com platform resulting improved margins overtime. In the second quarter, our service margins were 66.3% improvement over the prior year service margins of 40.7%. At scale, we think the AXON segment margins could mimic the margins of the weapons business, but the time scale is clearly very independent on future trajectory of the license count and ARPU for the necessitating investments we’re making in today and sales marketing and Research & Development. Well 2015 got after a slow start with anticipated hiring, we started running fast in the second quarter. We added 50 people in the second quarter and continue to aggressively accrue very high performers from some of the top companies in the world for remaining critical roles within the organization. We’re looking forward to our new class and leadership development program participant strongly in September and we’re continue to build out the international organization with country managers in the UK, France, Australia and Canada. Domestically, we’re hiring more tele sales and sales development roles more video original sales managers as we increased our territories and key software engineers to help continue to move both down the quarter in our mobile, wearables and cloud strategy. We’re still very focus and return on these investments measuring statistics such as customer acquisition costs versus lifetime value, ARPU, license counts et cetera. And the second quarter 2015, our customer acquisition costs lifetime value ratio was actually the highest we’ve ever had at 4.9. We do expect this ratio to come down a bit in the near term as we add new sales people and consider the time it takes for new sales professionals to ramp up and become productive. We're including all the presales cost enumerator to capture all the incremental sales people, marketing, personnel, sales commissions and sales development initiatives. We believe our investments have been well placed thus far and are confident enough in the future growth of video business to increase the spend for customer facing sales and support roles shortly in the second half of 2015 in order to ensure to continue to capture a significant share of the growing market for on officer video and digital evidence management. With active user base of approximately 29,000 users at the end of the second quarter compared to 22,000 last quarter, we're seeing continued growth. As we introduce higher revenue tiers of our service which include additional features such as unlimited storage and integration into other core systems at agencies, we're seeing the average revenue per user or ARPU go up. In Q2, we had an ARPU of $29.04, this is an increase of $2.24 over Q1 of 2015. We've priced our monthly service as low as $15 a month per user for our basic service tier and as high as $65 per user per month for the monthly service and storage part of our officer safety plan. Both of those price points are undiscounted. So sales mix will continue to have an impact on ARPU. We're encouraged by the trend we've seen in ARPU, seeing the ARPU move from $21.70 in September of 2014 to $29.04 that we enjoyed in June of 2015. This is a 33% increase in nine months. As we mentioned in our conference calls over the past year, we are ramping up our investments in both R&D and SG&A. We continue to see large whitespace opportunities in both on officer video space as well as international markets. As Luke mentioned, going in the third quarter we took a close look at our strategic hiring plan and the timing of our critical hires base and the market dynamics we're seeing. Result of that exercise is the expectation of our incremental spend in the third quarter compared to second quarter R&D is expected to go up by $500,000 incrementally. In SG&A we expect an incremental $1.6 million in expense in the third quarter compared to the second quarter. On top of those increases, as we feather in additional hires over the next five months, we expect that R&D will go up an additional $500,000 or $1 million from today's run-rate in the fourth quarter and then SG&A will go up incrementally another $1.4 million or $3 million more than today's run-rate. In the fourth quarter, the increase in SG&A is partially driven by the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference which is happening in Q4 this year. It's our biggest trade show of the year in terms of expense as well as the pipeline we generate from it. So in this quarter you might know is we had kind of unusual income tax expense. We did have a benefit this quarter as we kind of announced on the calls and in our 10-Q, our 2012 tax return was under audit by IRS. That audit actually completed in the second quarter. The company takes a reserve for the audit risk around on certain tax positions such as potential reduction of our R&D tax credit allowed -- amount we claimed in the return. As the 2012 audit concluded without any adjustment the R&D tax credits claimed in the 2012 return we did take a benefit in the second quarter of $388,000, which reduce our Q2 2015 income tax expense. On normalized basis, our effective tax rate is approximately 36%. So we see great feedback from the shorten cost structures in the last quarter. So I will wrap it up here and take some questions from the queue. We have added the supplemental results package on our investor website, investor.taser.com to review the drivers in the second quarter results. And as a result we will only take three questions per person in the first round to make sure that more people have a chance to talk.
A - Dan Behrendt: As the operator to making the announcement to put people in the queue, we have actually received a question from Twitter address to look.
Unidentified Analyst: What other adjacent markets are there for cameras commercially?
Dan Behrendt: Well, there are several other potential uses for on-body cameras. We believe our strength in the long person arena as we already have the relationships with 17,000 out of 18,000 of the domestic agencies through our weapons business. This has really been the catalyst for either the growth in our AXON and Evidence.com business as well to these preprior relationships. This market is still in the early majority adoption phase of the technology cycle. So we are laser focused on consolidating not only the top tier of the market with major cities, but also counties at insuringly up coverage in the middle and lower tiers of the markets. So our regional sales representatives and - sales function will really really laser focus on our core market which is the domestic law enforcement market for AXON and Evidence.com growth.
Luke Larson: Thanks, -. That's helpful. So with that we will turn that over to the operator to announce the -- to go to the Q&A portion of the call.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Steven Dyer of Craig Hallum. Your line is open.
Steven Dyer: As it relates to weapons business, the upgrade cycle, I mean you have had a number of very good weapons quarters in the row now. Do you have any sense as to maybe where you are in the upgrade cycle and you how many of the deals you are getting are replacement versus new, et cetera? Any color there around the weapons business would be great.
Dan Behrendt: That's a good question. Luke do you want to take that?
Luke Larson: Yeah. We are still seeing a lot of opportunity in the weapons business. What we are focused on today is selling our Smart Weapons. We still got 500,000 officers to go into top 1,200 and we’ve seen a lot of traction from major agencies moving to our Smart Weapons platform that’s are real focuses.
Steve Dyer: Okay. So really no sense has to use a baseball analogy kind of maybe what any more in this upgrade cycle et cetera or how many one point time you feel like you had a pretty good read and harmony in the field or over five years old et cetera?
Rick Smith : Yes, our focus, we want to try to get a Smart Weapon on every Police Officer in the country and so with our sales teams we’re looking at that as kind of opportunity and driver.
Dan Behrendt: Steve, this is Dan. I would say in the baseball analogy I would say we’re still in relative early innings here. There is a large amount of X26Es, so the legacy X26 still in the market as well as a number of the largest agencies in the U.S. like NYPD still have a pretty low TASER penetration versus the officer count. So we still think there is a lot of opportunity for continued upgrade. The other thing as we look at it become sort of a positive cycle for the business. There are earlier adopters for the Smart Weapons will be up for upgrades here in the next couple of years. So we think that cycle just continues overtime.
Steve Dyer: Yes, I think what you’re saying maybe it’s just one peer cyclical perhaps it’s been in the past?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I think that’s fair. Rick, do you have a comment?
Rick Smith : Yes, I’m going to say the upgraded cycle from European perspective. We have 16,000 each weapons, I think I got the number right. In the United Kingdom, all of which or the vast majority of which are pas there five year life and UK there is a lot of focus on making sure they are very careful about maintaining their weapons, keeping them within warranty. While we just waiting on home office approval and when we get home office approval we think there has been a lot of pent-up demand to upgrade those we’ve got another, I think it’s each thousand in France, they’re also going to pretty old. So there is some significant upgrade opportunities internationally, but I think as Luke was pointing out we really start to do shift our focus away from the concept of upgrade to the concept of standard issue that there shouldn’t be a specialty piece of equipment they could share and upgraded periodically but just becomes a part of every officers kept and we think that is really sort of the key to, we are a number one for our customers is much better. I mean to have comp go on the street with the gun and no TASER in this day and age to strikes me as arcane. And our customers that message is resonating with them as well. So we’re also really put a lot of focus on helping our customers to create a budget line item for their TASER devices, so that they are on one of our service plan like offer some safety or we’ve got the TASER assurance plan as we managed programs we’ve done that includes, so there are already budgeted for their upgrade every five years. And if we look at that the opportunity is we move people on to those payments programs where they now have budget line items, we think we can effectively double the rate at which agencies are upgrading their weapons. Mainly that using some back the envelope map that we look at all the weapons and probably they have not been upgraded and the ones that have been upgraded its probably around a 10 year replacement cycle we’re on right now. Because those do upgrade, typically do it at year seven may be year eight, so we’ve a lot of people who never upgrade it. So if we simply met sort of 10 year-ish average down to five years, obviously that would substantially grow the business and that will give our customers the best equipment all the time. So between those two areas of focus getting every officer have a TASER and getting them on our plan with getting the TASER refresh in regularly every five years. There is a lot of growth left in the business as we push towards those two goals.
Steve Dyer: Okay. Great hopping over to the video segment, TASER cams really jumped up in the quarter is that driven by one particular order or a couple of big orders is that just sort of a residual from sort of the move to body cams and this is sort of middle ground?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we had one big order from Australia that kind of drove that number up.
Steve Dyer: Okay. And then last one then I’ll hop back in the queue. So curious your focus has historically been cloud based storage of video but you did by MediaSolv because there is obviously some that are seeking to do it on premise, any color there as to what you are hearing from people maybe the split as to how many roughly are looking at each way and any characteristics of what kinds of departments are up for which?
Dan Behrendt: So we still think that it’s inevitable that these agencies are going to move the cloud model I think Louis there was a great example of an agency that had been a MediaSolv customer and like their solution and then we went in front of them with AXON and Evidence.com and MediaSolv and they ended up going with kind of an integrated approach. So we see the main value of MediaSolv as giving the agency the opportunity have additional ingest points for more data kind of on [indiscernible] that were eventually upload into our cloud model, so we feel extremely confident that Evidence.com and cloud model is the best buy for the customer and we have been fairly successful in seeing traction with the customers to move to that.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is from Paul Coster of JP Morgan.
Mark Strouse: Good morning, guys. This is Mark Strouse on for Paul. Thanks for taking our questions. So I think we are encouraged to see the ARPU number, especially the incremental ARPU number tick up this quarter. But just thinking about the subscriber additions going forward specially with some at least press releases of new companies coming into the space, are you seeing any lengthening of the sales cycle, any RFPs that are out there that you would have expected in a particular month that are now a couple of months later as those agencies are potentially evaluating more technologies?
Dan Behrendt: That's a good question Mark this is Dan. I would say that we definitely, I think that agencies as always I think some political pressure to make sure - to bid on any significant purchase and I think we see that. I think we continue to win almost every RFP situation. So I think although it may have lengthened the sales cycle, I think it's actually, I think that agencies continue to get to the right answer and take us, because really we are really the only proven end to end solution that really has shown the ability to scale, a lot of our competitors very small install bases, I think we are really the only one that have shown that they could do this as scale. So although it may have a near-term impact like in a sales cycle I think as long as we continue to win, I think we are satisfied with the process.
Rick Smith: I would add as well this is Rick that we have heard from frankly some of the smaller agencies that have gone with continuing systems. Some of the feedback even in relatively small scale they are having a bunch of challenges and we are now back in discussions with agencies that purchase within the past year, again were maybe too small or they were in the top agencies that we have talked about mostly in our conferences size. But though what we do well is hard. Putting together the brochures and the PowerPoint slide it’s pretty easy, we have a lot of folks in or sort of marketing stuff at playing to be pretty similar to ours, but there is a lot of moving parts, there is a lot of technology from hardware stack through firmware through all of the intermediating pieces whether it's software that runs on a laptop or the doc or on a server that ingest in the new bed in the cloud. So I don’t think -- we haven’t seen anybody else I think that to able to do it, that sale is fast and efficiently and reliably as we're doing it and a lot of these other folks. I think it got some a lot of room to -- we've got a lot of distance to cover to catch up to us and frankly that's part of the reason we're continuing to double down on our investments in engineering to make sure that we're continuing to move further and further ahead.
Mark Strouse: Thanks Rick. Dan just one real quick follow up. I think you mentioned something before in your prepared remarks about the 15% CAGR. Are you talking about the total revenue or are you talking about weapons revenue, what was that?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, the total revenue for the company both segments of the business. We still feel comfortable that that long term CAGR can continue at that 15% rate.
Operator: Thank you. And next question is from Greg McKinley of Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Andrew Grone: First question was just regarding MediaSolv, was any portion of the 30.6 million in bookings related to contracts signed through MediaSolv?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I don’t think any substantial part of the bookings was from anything from MediaSolv. I think we did have a 350k section from them. Revenue, just to clarify, that was revenue.
Rick Smith: I would add to that, so there's a couple of million dollars over $2 million I'm aware of in Evidence.com bookings that we would attribute those bookings to the MediaSolv acquisition, so in certain accounts where we went in as MediaSolv became a part of TASER and Evidence.com we saw those accounts move our direction and in fact expand the level of deployment by sort of deciding rather than trying to put some stuff local in some of the cloud they expanded their purchase through the Evidence.com as with several million dollars but to be clear in Evidence.com business we would attribute to that growth to the MediaSolv integration.
Andrew Grone: Would you I guess on that note, are there any cities that were previous MediaSolv relationships? Are any of them utilizing competitor cameras right now or have any converted over yet to AXON pilots at least?
Dan Behrendt: Yes this is Dan I think there's installed base of MediaSolv customers and some of those do have body worn video, it's just sort of a small portion of their installed base and clearly I think one of the strategies around the MediaSolv acquisition is for the customers that have on pram solutions or like on pram solutions to get them sort of a clear migration path to the cloud in the future to Evidence.com
Andrew Grone: Okay. Great, shifting over the margins here, so specifically so AXON product margins are pretty strong at 37, just over 37%, can you provide any color on just which hardware components are contributing to that of its I guess a little bit of a surprise of how they were and in the last quarter they were just over 30%, but part of that was from a that reduction of an obsolete and inventory charge or reversal of that charge?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan I think overall it's a little bit because of the sort of revenue recognition, sort of allocating to all the pieces, but I think in general I think it just a -- I think it just indicative as we continue to sort of get our operations in line and make sure that we’re not having sort of any kind of negative variances, we add some the warranty expenses continue to be low for that product it's a high quality product with relatively low return rates. So that certainly helps the margins. So it's a lot of little things and it's little bit of mix but for the most part, we’re satisfied where we are. As you know our strategy is not to maximize the profits on the sale on the cameras but to get people in ecosystem and on our service and we’re encouraged to be able to see that we can make money on the hardware as we continue to win business. But I think it’s really sort of one product is driving that I think it just as, I think it discontinues improvement and then I would say the general talent would just disapproved warranty cost because the product, turn rate continue to drop.
Andrew Grone: So are these $15 months have the upgrade features or is that allocating into this product margin, right now?
Dan Behrendt: No its not, so the $15 a month for future cameras get the first that's part of the deferred revenue balance on the balance sheet. And that's not included the ARPU, the ARPU only includes the service and storage and that service include things like integration and things like that but that ARPU is sort of monthly service and storage, the payments from the customers for future cameras get deferred until we deliver the second camera.
Andrew Grone: Okay. And are you seeing any less of a need to discounted order to win some of these contracts? Maybe the new or six months ago discount on the hardware specifically?
Dan Behrendt: I think in general I think we’re seeing a market from up a little bit, we could change to structural sales people to make sure they are going to be competitive on price on the hardware, but in most of the cameras in the market continue to be priced higher than our camera, so I think we should start even to start -- starting prices typically better than most and major competition we see out there. So its I think that certainly helped us well.
Andrew Grone: Okay. And then last from me just look clerical question that over the past couple of quarters, you were sharing a metric regarding the percent of contract signed that were for five years in length and I know this quarter you share that 88% for multiple year. Is just an apples-to-apples comparison or is language in [indiscernible] ?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, that’s a fair question. The 88% is multiple year, so that could include some two and three year deals as well. Accountably we also had a six-year deal that was a small deal this quarter, but some really multiple years or anything sort of over one. This quarter is a little bit unusual, because we had more this two and three-year deals and we typically see. But we still expect to have relatively low turn overtime. So ultimately we don’t think it makes that big difference, but the 88% would be any all the customers are assigned multiple year deals.
Operator: Thank you. Our question is from Glenn Mattson of Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is open.
Glenn Mattson: Can you talk about what percent of the increase in the sales expense that you’ve laid out today is related to international, is that more international? And then I’m just wondering about sales capacity, do you feel like by Q4 you’ll be in a pretty good spot or is this continue to ramp at this pace or something similar in ’16?
Dan Behrendt: It’s a good question. I probably can get on specific, I can tell you that we are seeing sort of significant investments both in the international space as well as a video space. As I mentioned, we’re going to continue to increase a number of territory. So each sales person has a lower number of accounts they’re working. Our sales people are, the marketing is doing a great job generating sales pipeline as well as leads and we want to make sure we have enough sales people exactly work those leads. So I think really disappointing if some of the competitors are able to get a hold in the market or increase our market share because we didn’t have the right count of sales coverage. So we’re going to continue to add. On the video side, we’re also adding a little bit on the CW side as well especially as we take more and more business direct, it’s causing us to need more direct sales people on the weapon side of the business. And then international as Rick indicated we’ve got a number Tier 1 countries that we’re hiring people into and some cases like the UK were that’s now direct country we’re making those investments. In other cases, we’re working a lot of science distributors in order to drive market adoption or products.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. And it’s just like, this expense that you expect to continue to ramp as you exit the year or is it, or you feel like you build that infrastructure and you can leverage in future periods?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we see 2016 is being a year that we continue to ramp. Although in certain parts of the business, we think the 2016 we make it’s a sort of steady stake going into ’17. But certainly on the international side a lot of it’s going to be dependent on if these investments were making the tier 1 markets start bearing fruit then we’ll look at making similar investments in other tier 1 markets or going into the tier 2. So international may just continue to grow even going into ‘17 and beyond, for the video business I think we eventually get to a point where we have the right number of territories and that would be a leverage we’ll expense but we do expect that we still see some ramp up in both SG&A and R&D in 2016 as well.
Operator: Thank you. And next question comes from George Godfrey of C. L. King. Your line is open.
George Godfrey: Of the 38 hires, that you hired this year and customer facing, how many of those people carry a code and we disclose that cause as we’ve bouncing around different calls?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so for those customer facing roles they all carry a code and previous question was around capacity, we don't feel we’ve got capacity on the channel side and when we were talking with the market, we see series indicators that the market is happening now and we feel strongly now as we time for us to make the investments to be in front of the customers, when we are in front of the customer, we win the majority of deals and especially with our model, we’re going to capture each individual officer on our platform and really get that long -- multi-year contract and lock it out, so we think this is our window opportunity, we’ve said 2015 is our super bowl, and we really feel strong, we’ve got to be in front of the customers. So we can win those deals,
George Godfrey: Understood. Last question, so existing 2015 in the number of people carrying quota for Taser?
Dan Behrendt: I wouldn’t get into specifics other than saying we’re going to keep investing in the channel so we hit capacity, because we think this is our window of opportunity to win that share.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the conference over to Luke Larson for any closing remarks.
Luke Larson: Yes, we had a couple of other questions come in via twitter that I’ll address real quick, one is can evidence.com also be used for interview rooms and holding cells? And absolutely Evidence.com can be used to store all of the agencies through evidence. We see that active pain to the area of the biggest kind of growth in digital evidence is this push toward body camera, we’ve got the best solution for that. But evidence.com can also be used to really store any piece of digital evidence. So thank you for listening in to our Q2 2015 earnings call. And with that we will end the call here. So thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - CEO and Director Dan Behrendt - CFO Luke Larson - CMO
Analysts: Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Greg McKinley - Dougherty & Company [Abrupt Start] …it is the tool that is used in violent and dangerous confrontations in which emotions can be extreme, while they had been involved in some tragic situations including Arrest-Related Death. We have also saved more than 140,000 lives from death or serious injury in more than 2.7 million field uses. That is the nature of exactly what TASER International is focused on, defying conventional wisdom with revolutionary and proven methods to protect life and truth. You have to be willing to endure the critics from afar as we try to resolve some of the world’s most complicated and dangerous issues of stopping violent people, while improving transparency at the same time. What matters is that we can make a difference that matters in the world and we are determined to tackle these problems. With that I’d like to turn it over to our CFO, Dan Behrendt to provide some more color on our financial results and the outlook for 2015.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Luke. As Rick mentioned earlier revenue in the first quarter was 44.8 million a growth of 24% compared to the first quarter of 2014 which is stronger than expected. There are a couple of deals on either end that bolstered results for the first quarter. We had some deals which were pushed from Q4 into Q1 and we were also able to pull a couple of Q2 deals earlier, but we’re certainly very happy with the results. Research and development expenses of 4.6 million are slightly lower than anticipated again due to the slower hiring of plan. We did make several critical hires in both management and G&A roles but have plans to continue to aggressively grow both hardware and software engineering staff bulks throughout the remainder of the year. We anticipate that with the hiring plans as well as incremental consulting spend in the Hardware segment we will grow R&D approximately 1 million quarterly from the first quarter levels in the second quarter. In order to maintain a leadership position in the market we will make all technology investments in emerging technologies such as wearables, mobile and cloud. The gross margins in the quarter were epic. In the TASER Weapons segment gross margins were 71.1% in the first quarter of 2015 compared to 66.4% in the prior year. In the AXON segment gross margins increased to 40.6% compared to 17.5% in the prior year. As you can see from the supplemental package online there were a few one-time reversals that contributed to gross margin strength. However, as our service revenues continue to increase and a critical mass of licenses is reached, corporate service and levered margins will continue to improve as the fixed cost associated with provision of software as a service. Due to one-time and if you think the gross margins on a go forward basis will be at a 64% to 66% range on a consolidated basis. The investments we’re making are still paying-off and proven to be prudent. In the first quarter our customer acquisition cost to lifetime value a standard ratio used to value of the level investments spend in SaaS companies was 3.5. As a reminder the general thought is investments are well placed with a ratio greater than 3, with an active user base of approximately 22, 000 users this quarter versus approximately 15,000 last year we’re seeing continued growth. While the fourth quarter ratio is greater than four, our incremental investments in sales personnel during 2015 creates a longer return run rate as reps get trained up and deployed into the field but we’re certainly very comfortable with the 3.5 ratio for this quarter. We are realistic in knowing that some of these investments will succeed and some would fail. We believe that the investments we make in both our successes and failures will be critical to maintaining a learning organization that can evolve and adapt to future technologies and market challenges. We are diligent about integrating our customers’ feedback into our technologies so that we ideally innovate to their direct needs. Today we are investing heavily in mobile around communication and fibration features for public safety. We see the trend from desktop to mobile as something that will certainly come to the public safety market as it has to so many other markets that are intent on being a leader and we are intent on being a leader in the space. I’d like to reiterate our commitment to the long-term and set the expectation this is a consistent message you’d be hearing from me and our leadership team we've assembled a world-class development team and which we see as competitive advantage and which we will continue to supplement with strong hires. We are playing to win a much larger market over the long run and look forward to generating long-term shareholder value as a result. You may have also noticed the tax rate for the quarter is 32.5% which is lower than the historic rate. This is due to two things the first is we're benefitting from the domestic production activities deduction which we get for producing our goods in the United States. The second and even more significant is the impact we’re having from having our international business structure run out of Amsterdam. While we set up the Amsterdam office to be closer to our customers we do get some tax benefits under this arrangement. It is worth noting that because we will have an income in the United States as well as various foreign jurisdictions outside the United States. Our effective tax rate could fluctuate due to changes in the mix of earnings and potential losses in countries with different statutory tax rates. We look at this each quarter and update our effective tax rate as appropriate. As a reminder the Annual Shareholder Meeting will be held in a couple of weeks on May 18th in Seattle. It will be held at 1800 Yale Avenue at the SpringHill Suites Seattle Downtown at 09:00 AM Pacific Standard Time. After the formal voting procedures, presentations will be made by Luke Larson, Rick Smith and Marcus Womack. There will also been an informal round table discussion with Company's product managers on both the video and weapon of the business where you could ask questions about product offerings and the development process. We also have some videos and momentums from the ISTP Conference so investors will be able to experience a bit of what our customers went through at that foreign conference in the fourth quarter. While not required we would appreciate RSVPs to be send to ir@taser.com so we can plan it for the appropriate number of attendees. You may have also noticed we changed up earnings release, earnings process this quarter. We heard feedback in the last quarter that were perhaps a little bit too for both during the call and did not leave enough time for questions. This call is meant to update you our investors on our quarterly progress so we tweak the process to hopefully we make this more useful for you. We not only added AXON second statistics into the release as well as two more business highlights from the quarter but for the first time we have uploaded supplemental package to the investor Web site which goes through each of the line item drivers and provide investors a little bit more color to about what happened in the financial statements. As a result we will be skipping most of the financial highlights of the call and going right to Q&A at the end of the call we will be tweeting our survey line. Please let us know what you think about this new format and ways that we can continue to improve this process going forward. And with that we will go to the Q&A portion and take questions from the audience.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Mark Strouse: This is Mark Strouse on for Paul. Thanks for taking our questions. So Rick thanks a lot for going through your travel plans I guess for the next six to nine months. I guess are some of those countries and cities that you are going to be visiting are they cities that have already expressed an interest in on officer video or is the goal more to set up the salesforce and build more sustainable long-term business I think another way of saying it is, should we think about those international opportunities as kind of pilots maybe in 2015 and then more hold deployment orders in 2016 or could there be some meaningful orders in 2015?
Rick Smith: Well, certainly I think the UK is getting to a point of maturity where we could start to see meaningful orders this year. France we’ve got to just frankly get little more engaged there with the customer they have 8,000 weapons that are I think they were eight or nine years old.
Dan Behrendt: Easily eight or nine years old?
Rick Smith: So we see a real need for them to upgrade those I’d like to hope we can make some progress on that in a relatively short-term. Italy is a brand new market for us but there we got the largest lease force in Europe side okay that one is more of a long-term. So the general idea here is really more to start momentum I don’t think I’m going to be closing orders per se but what we are finding is these international agencies are really large compared to the U.S. like the City of London is considered a small agency in UK It has got a 1,000 officers here in the U.S. we call that a pretty good sized agency. For example the result of some of the work goes down in UK I was invited into the London Met to do a session on leadership during transformation of an organization. So this had nothing to do with sales per se but the London Met is going through their own transformational project right now and I think that’s not something that typically they would invite sales rep in to do something like that. And that gave me access to something like a top-150 leaders now of course I’m very careful in those things not to try and head into a sale pitch but really to try to be a helpful thought partner but I think that really resonates with these agencies more so than the product per se because most lease agencies around the world I think are struggling with the same problems. They are very far behind technologically I mean actually this past quarter the NYPD had put in I guess $1 million line item to replace their typewriters and that resulted in a City Counsel New York actually banning typewriters from the NYPD or putting in a motion to do so. And that’s not a uniquely American problem. So I know it is a little bit of a long winded answer I’m not going over there to sign contract and celebrate big orders that are already baked. This is setting the foundation for the long-term. And also we are using this as sort of a forcing function like we did in the UK this kind of helps focus the team on getting new hires in place. So we have the team in place to continue to follow-up as we start each market.
Mark Strouse: Dan, just on the evidence.com the 26.80 monthly revenue proceed figure that you guys have, is there any way to -- and I know that’s an average number but is there any way to kind of frame what the ranges of those ARPUs are maybe not by customer obviously but maybe by customers that are doing their minimum with you versus those that are doing the total package, what kind of range is there in that monthly ARPU number?
Dan Behrendt: Yes it’s a fairly wide range. And some of the new offerings that are actually pushing out the lease to top-end of that, so our basic service starts at $15 plus stores. So sort of assume and sort of the low end of the marquee may be at $20 or $22 probably closer to $20 before discounting and then our highest tier for the highest tier service with unlimited storage and integrations would be $65 per month before any discounting. So there is fairly wide range there but obviously hopefully we can drive people into programs like the unlimited storage program with AXON Ultimate with unlimited storage or officer safety program are both some of the higher tier programs. And as we get traction of those higher tier programs hopefully that can start moving the need. The other thing I would sort of that we are very cognoscente of is that that install base gets bigger and bigger it’s going to be harder to sort of move it dramatically in one quarter it’s going to be more of a trend overtime just because you have got that large install base.
Rick Smith: One thing I would add is well Dan is that that number is just the software and storage services. So, additionally the people that go on these new hiring license tiers are also signing for some pretty significant sort of monthly deferred revenue related to hardware and warranty services.
Dan Behrendt: That’s correct.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Glenn Mattson from Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is open.
Glenn Mattson: Questions about the gross margin especially in the video hardware segment, maybe Dan can you walk us through why that was so strong and it has fluctuated widely as four or five quarters maybe a little more on that?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure. So I think -- so on the software side we’re really encouraged to see that sort of 65% margin for the quarter and that’s mostly driven by the fact that we sort of we finally got to sort of that critical mass where we’re starting to see the benefit of our variable cost of one more sort of user in the system versus variable cost of delivering that and that’s why that improved so much this quarter as we sort of craft on [indiscernible] we are really seeing that benefit. On the hardware side we did benefit a little bit this quarter. We had as you know we took a large reserve last quarter and for some excess and obsolete inventory. We were able to reverse a little bit of that this quarter about $200,000 which improved the margins. So that’s -- those margin on a normalized basis would have been closer to 25% this quarter.
Glenn Mattson: And then could you say what you think going forward the video the service the software margins would -- if you look out two or three years like kind of what the potential is on that side?
Dan Behrendt: Well I think it’s partly based on that ARPU as we move that ARPU up I think that’s got the ability to expand margins. A lot of these advanced features will drive people to those higher tiers there is not a lot of variable cost to delivering it there is a lot of R&D cost but our cost to service a customer on the ultimate plan is not that different from customers in some of the lower tiers. So if we move that ARPU up I think that that 65% can improve overtime. Certainly, if you looked at other sort of SaaS companies we certainly have the ability to move that up now I would say that probably unique or somewhat unique to TASER is the fact that we also have storage which is going to be a little bit of a lower margin product overtime just because of the efficiencies of what customers would expect to pay for storage. But overall we’re very happy with the 65% and hopefully we can improve that overtime as we see that ARPU go up.
Glenn Mattson: And then last from me, the weapons number was quite strong this quarter. You mentioned that you may have pulled an order or two forward from Q2 can you talk about the magnitude of that and do you expect Q2 to be last quarter Q1 to Q2 was basically flat do you see it maybe sequentially down or still growing here, what do you think?
Dan Behrendt: No. That’s a good question. As you know it we are sort of a book and ship business so it’s a little bit harder I can tell you that we did have a couple million dollars worth of orders that we expected in Q4 that just basically just missed and we were able to close those deals early in Q1 so there is a couple of million of stuff that’s we have trickled in from the fourth quarter that was pushed to the first. We pulled in probably another million plus of Q2 orders as well. So, we certainly benefit from that. As far as sort of the seasonally it’s almost hard you get some of those positive sort of lumpiness in a quarter it sort of mutes some of that normal seasonal trends just because the Q1 is typically one of our weaker quarters from a seasonality perspective and we exceeded even our own expectations for the quarter with these results.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Your line is open.
Steve Dyer: Dan I just want to clarify something you said on gross margins, did you said excluding kind of one-time items you expect 64% to 66% gross margins going forward?
Dan Behrendt: I did, on a consolidated basis, that’s right.
Steve Dyer: And then real quickly another quick question Luke I think you had indicated you anticipate OpEx going up by 1 million is that kind of per quarter or is that the next quarter will be 1 million higher than the last quarter?
Luke Larson: That’s for next quarter we see the business as happening now I am sure you saw on the news we had a presidential candidate Hillary Clinton called for body cams events that are occurring in Baltimore we feel now is the time to build out the sales teams and capitalize on that momentum.
Steve Dyer: As it relates to the video business ARPU obviously didn’t go up kind of at the same sequential trajectory than it did last quarter. Is that a function of just kind of been since real recently that you guys have started signing the kind of the all you can need is a bigger data plans or is it a function of you still have some early guys on the network that maybe got the first year free or something like that or any color there would be great?
Dan Behrendt: Yes Steve, this is Dan I think it’s a little bit of both. Certainly these newer pricing tiers are new and there is a kind of a long sales cycle for our really both products but certainly the video product has a new capability there is a long sales cycle that goes with it. So, I could tell you that the new pricing tiers have been well received by customers that we presented them to, and over the next several quarters hopefully we’ll see more deals close at those pricing tiers as those sales cycles come to a close and we start getting orders for those higher tiers.
Steve Dyer: And then as it relates to the bookings I know it’s variable and a lot of it is swung by big deals. Generally directionally how do you see the trajectory progressing throughout the year given we keep getting these public incidents? And looking at your sales book I mean would you expect Q1 to be a low watermark or too tough to call?
Dan Behrendt: Yes it is tough to make a exact prediction we certainly feel very comfortable that we’re going to see strong year-over-year growth on total year to total year as you know it’s very deal dependent so each quarter is we don’t want to put too much weight on an individual quarter for that reason but we feel that the macro trends are great for us. As Luke said earlier we see this market forming this year so we think that certainly as we look at the market and our pipeline we’re very happy with where we sit right now.
Steve Dyer: Last question for me then I'll hop back in the queue. And I know there is not a perfect answer to this just given that you don't know but if had to guess, at kind of what percentage of your weapons orders this quarter or sort of in general right now are replacements or upgrade versus new, how would you make that split?
Dan Behrendt: Well actually it is a tough question I would say that the international is probably still the bulk of those are still net new deployments just because you've got so much wide space internationally the OPP iskind of a good example where they have legalized the carriers TASER weapons for patrol officers now so yes some of those are replacements for supervisor weapons but the fact that you can now sort of open up the market certainly makes that a net new capability for a lot officers out there I'd say in the U.S. I think our tele sales has done a really nice job I think there is probably some wide space that those guys are capturing as well just you know being in front of customers and provide a great service we think that's enabled some of these agencies that are say some of the 100 go from maybe same kind of thing where you are going from sort of supervisors to wire deployment is because they I think we're just more top of mind so it's definitely a mix in the U.S. as you know there is still a fair amount of wide space we still have some large cities that are under representative of TASER hopefully some of the indications from like LA last year as they started fielding more of the TASER weapons and their desire to put a TASER in a camera and officer will see that trend continue in some of the other big cities for a lot of wide spaces.
Luke Larson: Yes I would add in as well we are really trying to shift the focus on the conversation with our customers sort of away from the idea of upgrading what you have to expanding TASER's for everybody that come on guys in 2015 every cop that goes out there with a gun should have a TASER and probably I camera now so that's why we shifted towards the standard issue grant program where we’re giving basically from an investor perspective think about as sort of a replacement for our old training programs well now the incentives are if you want to get the $100 to $400 per officer you basically you have to step up and make TASER standard issue so that every officer coming out of the academy gets one and they can show to us some sort of plan that they are giving every officer on patrol a TASER a camera or both. So as we have shifted that focus and then also frankly the logistics costs of having people send stuff in just so we can destroy it here so I’d say our visibility on what's operating and what are not is kind of dropping and so we’re not really just really focusing on that a whole lot as we shift to this focus of every officer getting a TASER.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Greg McKinley from Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Greg McKinley: We have a $71 million backlog. Can you help us break that between hardware and software?
Luke Larson: We don’t have that we haven’t really disclosed exactly where it is coming out of certainly as you see more of these ultimate deals that some of that backlog is going to be hardware for future cameras and anybody in the ultimate plan is going to get a camera it is a 2.5 and 5 year mark so that is definitely included in the number, so we will see fairly it will certainly be a mix on a go forward basis the deals that are not on those ultimate plans is going to be all software on those deals so it's going to be a mix I would say if that's something that is interesting we can take a look at that but it's not something that we’re ready to talk specifically to today.
Greg McKinley: Yes I mean I think as you are bookings continue to build that will be something that I think investors increasingly have an interest in understanding how that revenue in March makes us strong and within that backlog may be given I'm sure you have higher ARPU in that backlog than what you reported this quarter can you talk at all about how you expect that to behave as backlog you amortized through the income statement over the next 12 months or so?
Luke Larson: Yes I mean I would say it is probably the way that we maybe encourage investors to look at that as look at the sort of user count and sort of we've got the 80% or so attachment rate and sort of look at how that approximately 22,000 user count at the end of Q1 and how that grows overtime and just the fact that we're seeing about a 65% margin on the service side today I think that makes for a pretty good case just as that user count grows throughout this year and into next year so we see that will be that the AXON business gross margin should continue to improve so you will see improvement in mix you see a greater percentage of their total sales coming from the licenses versus the hardware which should improve the overall profitability at least on a gross margin line for that business.
Greg McKinley: Going back to weapons can you -- you have really strong weapons units during the quarter although international didn't necessarily stand out as being the source to that so should be interpret that your focus through the tele sales group on medium to small sized agencies was the big driver there? And if you can tell us your thoughts on that and then as you look at the next nine months of the year is it, with Rick spending a lot of time traveling internationally is that where some big opportunities lie from a weapon standpoint or is it more domestically?
Luke Larson: Yes. So on the first question, our tele team has just done a phenomenal job servicing what I would call the long tail of the market. As you know we’ve got 10,000 agencies in the U.S. that are very small and so our tele team has been servicing these agencies that are 1 to 25 officers that have historically not been actively service from the sales perspective. And so we certainly benefited from pulling some of that revenue in.
Dan Behrendt: On the international front yes certainly there are some really big opportunities internationally. Historically we’ve not seen them -- I’m not been happy that we’ve been to pull those opportunities into the boat and certainly that’s part of the reason for the renewed focus there. I’d say the other thing is, in the U.S. I’ve been doing thought leadership type stuff speaking at key conferences et cetera, it’s being less and less that really involved in individual sales call frankly I’d say the caliber of our sales team is dramatically higher than it was just a few years ago and the team here is really hitting on all cylinders across the board. So certainly as we’ve got our teles doing great we’ve also added what we sort of call, junior reps in each region to focus on the middle tier and then our senior regional reps are focusing on the largest agencies and as we increase that level of focus I think we’re seeing improvements across the board.
Greg McKinley: And then maybe if I can just ask you to repeat I think you commented on the degree to which the accrual reversal impacted margins in the quarter, could you remind of that please?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure. So, on the video segment we have about $200,000 pick up on the hardware revenues, or hardware gross margins. So on a normalized basis the hardware margin for video would have been closer to 25%.
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing no further questions in the queue at this time. I’d like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, obviously we won’t have any calls like today. I’d like to congratulate the whole TASER team and our new AXON group out in Seattle to the great quarter. We look forward to seeing you all at our shareholder meeting in Seattle. You’ll get a sneak peak of our new facility up there. We’ll be quite ready for move in until June but those of you who have been to our headquarters in Scottsdale know that we take great pride in putting together a unique and compelling work environment. We are doing some similar work in Seattle. Come on up check it out and meet some of all these new people we’ve been hiring. Everybody have a great day and we’ll see you in a few weeks in Seattle.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO Luke Larson - Chief Marketing Officer
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company
Operator: Welcome to TASER International, Inc. Q4 2014 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rick Smith. You may begin, sir.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International's fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we get started I'm going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I will turn it back over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Dan. As a reminder to everyone on the call we’re going to be accepting some questions via Twitter during the Q&A portion of the call. To follow our updates on twitter during the call follow the account @taser_ir. For those of you without Twitter I will update some graphics streamed directly to our investor relations website at investor.taser.com. The conclusion to 2014 was yet another record company [ph] for the quarter solidifying a record year that we’re excited to discuss with you today. We also have a lot of exciting developments and new data points to share with investors on today's call. First consolidated revenues grew 17% year-over-year to 46.8 million continuing the streak of record course. This marks the 12th straight consecutive quarter of year-over-year top line double digit growth. We continue to work hard to aggressively grow the top line and are eager to continue to show our progress and successes throughout 2015. Bookings related to our AXON and evidence.com products saw tremendous growth this quarter reaching 24.6 million which is growth of 372% over the fourth quarter of 2013. For the past several quarters we have talked about continuing momentum and new milestones and the fourth quarter is no different. Consolidating the top tier of the market to be on the AXON system continues to be our number one priority in this segment. The Los Angeles police Department was our first customer to purchase the new Officer Safety Plan which was actually something we developed in close collaboration with them. LAPD was very proactive in their valuation and procurement of on officer cameras and we’re thrilled to be partners with such a large agency who is considered to be a thought leader within the law enforcement community. They are taking the first steps to ensure their officers are fully equipped on the job, not only with on officer cameras but also with our new TASER smart weapons which historically have not been standard issued equipment to LAPD. LAPD has announced their intent to outfit 7000 officers in the next year with on-officer cameras and an additional 3000 officers with X26P smart weapons moving them towards the day when TASER devices and cameras are standard issue for every new officer coming out of the academy. We have confidence in their full commitment, however investors should note that during the public procurement practices there may be delay factor such as the involvement of foundation, political entities and/or bid processes. Another major city win for us this quarter came from San Francisco, a phenomenal example of how the network effects of evidence.com and information sharing can influence purchasing decisions. As you all should know the Bay Area Rapid Transit Police was one of our early adopters. Therefore it made sense for its colleagues at the San Francisco PD to follow suit when they were ready to move. Another notable fact about this deployment in the heart of Silicon Valley is the fact that they do not have TASER weapons meaning that San Francisco is a completely new customer for the company. We often credit our relationship with the agencies from the TASER weapons business where we are a trusted partner with creating a competitive advantage for us in the AXON business. Net new customer wins like San Francisco solidify our superiority in comparison to other vendors in the on-officer camera and cloud space because of our simple, robust end to end solution. The AXON and evidence.com business exceeded our best expectations in 2014. At the beginning of the year our internal target was $30 million in bookings. The market grew faster than our expectations as we nearly doubled our target. We set out to win every major account with AXON and evidence.com and we succeeded in that endeavor. Every major city that made a new purchasing decision in 2014 selected our solution. We exceeded our targets in 2014 through a combination of market dynamics and peer execution. But we have had to hire rapidly to support the business that is at least double the size we anticipated in total dollars despite our moving to cut prices significantly in 2013. However despite - and speaking to the long term view of this opportunity we have innovated to ensure that we continue to walk customers up the value scale over time thereby increasing the average revenue per seat through new programs such as the Office Safety Plan and the new Unlimited Plan. If we can continue this market momentum through 2015 we believe we can consolidate the market on our platform. We have 15 of the major cities on evidence.com today and another 28 in serious discussions in or field tests. Our number one focus is to ensure we win every one of these agencies on evidence.com and we believe this is possible to achieve. As we saw with the San Francisco PD [embark] [ph] there are significant network effects where there will be significant advantages for agencies to all be on the same system. We’re determined to be that system. Given the significant increase in attention to body cameras following the Ferguson incident 2015 is our super bowl. We’re showing that we can win consistently but we need to make sure we are actively engaged with every account across North America and engaging globally as well. To this end we will continue to accelerate our investments in sales functions and R&D. Specifically SG&A, we anticipate will increase roughly $500,000 in the first quarter from fourth quarter levels. R&D, we anticipate increasing over a $1 million from the fourth quarter levels. On the SG&A side we’re building out a robust professional sales channel and are intent on owning the customer experience from sales through support. Fundamentally the reason to hire more sales staff is because we suspect that there is a greater demand for our products than we are realizing with our current staff who can only handle so many accounts. Our [indiscernible] at hiring new staff and support will soon lead to a proportional increase in revenue bookings. To support our customers in addition to sales reps we’re adding incremental product managers, account managers, customer service reps and order processing staff, each of these functions ensure that the customers are having a world class experiencing when choosing TASER products and services thereby gaining loyalty and future business. On the research and development side, we’re focused on creating software and hardware that transforms agencies’ critical work flows to help them do their job better gaining massive efficiencies in day to day operations. Some examples of these are automated uploads through a docking station, automated grid action features and the ability to have smart evidence retention schedules essentially removing the need to have police officers spend time dealing with these processes. In the fourth quarter a new file was uploaded to evidence.com every four seconds and as you will see in the curve that we just tweeted out system utilization measured by file uploads continues to grow on an exponentially increasing curve. TASER increasingly views the business of the technology for public safety as a very large market in which we’re the defacto leader. However we cannot maintain or grow that leadership position unless we’re hiring more of the best and brightest software engineers. We’re competing for engineering talent with companies like Facebook, Amazon, Google and Dropbox. This does increase our cost but it also means that the caliber of the products and services we can deliver in public safety have the opportunity to grow from our leadership in the market for years to come. This fact has already proven itself in the bookings growth for AXON and evidence.com last year. We’re hopeful to innovate further in these platforms and create new ones as well for continued market success. We have also shown the new programs and features are creating more value for our customers resulting in increasing per seat revenues. By continuing to scale our engineering resources we ensure our systems continue to scale reliably and then we continue to streamline the customer experience. We ensure that we’re offering key additional capabilities that will not only differentiate us from many follow-on competitors trying to imitate our offering but to create more value for our customers and create additional revenue opportunities. One of the great challenges where we focus a significant amount of our attention as a management team is balancing the financial rigor of running a profitable enterprise with ensuring that we’re making sufficient investments in the long term business. If we’ve established the clearly dominant mobile wearables and cloud enabled technology eco-system 5 to 7 years from now we will have a massively valuable enterprise on our hands. If we fail to achieve a dominant position because we failed to invest the resources required today it would be a tremendous loss of potential future shareholder value, and as such and based on in-depth discussion with our technology advisors on our Board of Directors we’re continuing to make the significant investments we feel prudent to enable us to own the space. There are two metrics I’d like to share with you today to help me understand if our level of spending is appropriate to the task at hand. First we compare the customer acquisition cost or CAC to the long term value per customer or LTV. This is a standard ratio used to evaluate the level of investment spend in software as a service company. We’re tweeting out a link to a great article from the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz that gives a nice overview of the CAC versus LTV that we believe you may find helpful. Typically if the customer acquisition cost compared to the long term value is a ratio over 3.0 meaning that each customer is worth at least 3 times what you spend to acquire them then your investments are probably pretty well placed. If the number climbs too high it could be an indication you’re underinvesting relative to the opportunity to gain profitable customers and market share. In Q4 our ratio of customer acquisition cost to long term value was over four which is a great indicator that our investments in customer acquisition are well placed even raising the question if we were investing enough. A second metric I use to personally gauge how well we were doing I’d call our steady state earnings. So one of the challenges with a SaaS business is that GAAP accounting revenues are spread out over a very long time horizon which makes GAAP revenues and earnings a very much lagging indicator. So as a management team you really can't use GAAP revenue and earnings to assess the relative levels of investment especially in a business that’s growing at greater than a 100% year-over-year growth rate. So to help me calibrate I play a hypothetical game, what if the business was in a steady state just like last quarter and we repeated last quarter's performance into the indefinite future. Under this scenario GAAP revenues would eventually equalize to the same level as bookings. Sure there would be quarter to quarter timing differences etcetera but those will likely cancel out over time. Hence in this future steady state we would have revenues of 24.6 million instead of the 6.4 million of GAAP revenue. If we assume a 65% gross margin on this revenue then the additional 18.2 million of revenue would generate an additional 11.8 million of operating income. This would take the operating margin from an actual loss of 5.9 million today to an operating income of 5.9 million. So maybe this feels like a very reasonable business, earning 5.9 million on 24.6 million of revenue, a theoretical operating margin of 24%. Now I want to emphasize this is a purely theoretical exercise that I used to help me mentally calibrate if our level of expenditure is reasonable for the size of the business we’re building. None of the assumptions are going to hold true. We’re going to continue to ramp up our investments because we believe that we’re in the very steep part of the growth curve. We also expect the bookings number to climb significantly over time. But the steady state earnings is a thought exercise I found helpful to me in thinking about how we’re doing in balancing our investments versus the business as it exists in an snapshot today. So I wanted to share it with our investors. This is about as non-GAAP a thought exercise as you could imagine so please pause now, re-read all the language from our safe harbor statement and multiply by two. Hopefully we made it clear to you that we’re out to win super bowl this year in law enforcement. When you’re going for the world championship you need to continually optimize your team. Sometimes you trade out some of your starting players, you know, like trade out your starting half back to refine your team’s performance even if he just had a great season. In December we went through a restructuring process to optimize our team and to plan the origination at the top. We eliminated the position of Chief Operating Officer which means that Jeff Kukowski is no longer with the company. He had a great impact at TASER during his time here. But elevating the position of VP of International with Ron Brandt and then domestically promoting the VP of the Video Sales Organization, Josh Isner to oversee all of domestic. We as an executive team have greater visibility into the sales organization. We also announced that Luke Larson will be promoted to President in the beginning of April as part of our long term succession planning. Doug Klint will remain on as General Counsel for the company. One of the reasons for this restructuring was to give me more time to focus on where I believe I can add the most value in customer facing roles. In particular I felt our business has not met our growth goals for international. We’re not meeting the potential that we see, and as our U.S. business is really hitting on all cylinders I see the greatest value I can add will be spending a lot more time overseas helping to grow our global business. As such starting in June I will be spending roughly 2/3rds of my time on the ground in international markets helping to build out our teams to drive meetings with high level public safety leaders. I have already begun significant time investment in the UK where I will be back again next week. Starting in June of this year I will be spending intensive eight week surges in key markets to drive momentum. Target markets included the UK, France, Italy, with the largest police force in Europe which also recently authorized the use of Taser. Australia and broader Asia. In order for me to be able to spend this much time out with customers I had to ensure we had the right team in place to continue ramping the business and overseeing day to day operations. December restructuring put the team on the field that I believe will help us win the market this year. Before I introduce Luke Larson to join us on the call I want to give investors a little background on why I selected Luke for this role. When Luke first joined the company in 2009 he came to me with an idea. Rick you know leading companies like GE and Google have leadership development programs where they recruit a top tier schools, rotate fresh talent across different parts of the organization and use the program to build a ball pen of internal talent that you can grow up over time within the organization, was an idea that he brought to me. Well this idea became our Leadership Development Program and has been one of the transformative programs in our company's history. The leaders of our engineering and our North American sales organizations both came up through the LDP program as have many of our product managers, our UK country manager, our Asia sales manager and many others. In fact Bret Taylor, our Board member who was previously the Chief Technology Officer at Facebook after he had earlier created Google Maps in his career, well Bret came up through the similar program at Google, called the APM program. The Google APM program has yielded many of Google's top leadership and many CEOs of Silicon Valley like Bret. And I can't tell you how proud I was when I asked Bret his impression of our LDP candidates versus the APMs at Google. Bret’s opinion is that our people could go toe to toe with the team at Google largely considered the best in the world. That’s the type of company we want to be compared to. After starting our LDP program Luke took over as Product Manager of the AXON product when it was a program in crisis. You may recall our first AXON pro camera, big, expensive, complicated. The program was failing, it was way over budget. As product manager, Luke set the strategy and negotiated partnerships with [indiscernible] and Oakley that created the AXON Flex product that is dominating the market today. Now there are many people here at TASER who worked on this program and contributed greatly but I would point out that Luke played a pivotal leadership role for sure. After his run on AXON I promoted Luke to run marketing and since then we have seen huge increase in both the quality of our programs and the sales pipeline generated. Luke has been a true change agent a driving force in helping us transition the company from a weapon company into an integrated technology company with extensive hardware and software offerings. So as part of our concession planning process Doug, Flint and I together with the Board of the Directors felt that now was the time to promote Luke to even larger role as President of the Company. With that I would like to introduce you to all Luke Larson and ask him to provide his perspective on our marketing efforts Q4, and the road ahead.
Luke Larson: One of the things that TASER has benefited from its having a Founder as CEO because they usually take a long term approach to running the business. TASER has always had that in our DNA but as the company has grown we have made a concerted effort to formalize that as a philosophy and ensure we communicated to all of our stakeholders, investors, customers and our employees. We believe that using a longer time horizon to make business decisions will directly result in increasing shareholder value as well as increase the total market value of the company. We believe that by investing to obtain, extend and solidify a market leadership position we will create a public safety platform that we can leverage to create a powerful economic model. Our emphasis on the long term directly influences decisions that we make and it's guided by few principles that we feel are best suited for us to create the preeminent technology company in the worldwide public safety market. During last quarter's call we spoke about the runway success that TASER enjoyed at the IACP conference with our Don’t be a Dinosaur theme, over the last couple of months we have had the opportunity to quantify that bit, over 2500 customers went through our booth experience and we added 21% to our pipeline opportunity from this single event. Further we have seen a 43% increase in pending trial and the evaluation programs at the end of the fourth quarter sequentially from the third quarter ending the fourth quarter with over 200 open T&E programs. We continue to hear over and over from our customers that no one at IACP had the proven scalable end to end system that we have spent the last six years developing with AXON and EVIDENCE.com. Others will try to follow but those starting to make investments now will have an enormous mountain to climb to catch us because we have invested the time, capital and talent years ago to establish a wide first mover advantage upon which we will build aggressively. As of the fourth quarter we now have over 30,000 AXON units in the field and in the fourth quarter nearly 80% of the camera sold also purchased at EVIDENCE.com further out of those with EVIDENCE.com 87.5% of new EVIDENCE.com contracts were for five year terms. We’re clearly set to be the long term partner for law enforcement with on officer camera programs. In the last year we talked extensively about the success and future trajectory of the AXON segment but in the fourth quarter our TASER weapons business also showed great execution strength and our corporate strategy of international expansion. There were very large international deployments in Australia, France, Poland and the UK. We also received a first smart weapon order and subsequent deployments in Canada with the Ontario Provincial Police. In aggregate revenue in the TASER weapons business was 45.5 million, growth of 8% over the prior year while adding three additional major city deployments for a total of 43 major cities utilizing smart weapons. We introduced the officer safety plan in December in conjunction with LAPD. LAPDs deployment of 3000 weapons, not only it's a fantastic avenue for consistently owning the budget line items for law enforcement, it is a tool that we’re introducing to close the white space gap domestically. We have TASER's on one out of every two officers in the United States, the penetration rate at the largest agencies is much less than that. TASER weapons are a vital law enforcement tools for their safety and proven ability to reduce officer and suspect injury rates, reduce litigation, workers compensation cost, and ultimately save lives. When combined with AXON on-officer cameras the synergistic results are astounding. We’re setting our sights high. Our vision is a TASER weapon on every officer in the world and in the U.S. we want this to be standard issue equipment at every agency. To achieve this vision we’re continuing to add more headcount in both our telesales function, domestic weapon sales staff, video sales staff and international sales staff to ensure that we’re consistently at the top of mind for agencies around the world. We wanted to take some time on this call to go through the new programs that we have introduced in the past couple of months to ensure investors understand the tremendous opportunity they present and the collaboration and relationship with law enforcement they embody. These new license tiers are not only meant to own the budget line items at law enforcement but also to increase the average monthly revenue per seat which as of December 31 was approximately $26. The first program we have mentioned a couple of times on this call is the Officer Safety Program or the OSP. This is introduced as a mean to simplifying the capital expenditure process for agencies. The programs allow agencies to pay $99 per officer per month and know that their entire TASER weapon, cameras and digital evidence programs are covered for the next five years. The programs include one weapon upgrade every five years, a camera upgrade every 2.5 years, full warranty coverage and unlimited storage for their AXON cameras. In short we take the risk off the table of any unforeseen expenses for maintenance breakage or data overruns. Early indications are that customers absolutely love it. Past experiences with agencies indicate that once operating expenses are incorporated into a municipality's budget, it becomes much easier to rebudget for such predictable expenses on a go forward basis versus the need to periodically request inconsistent material funds for ongoing irregular capital expenditures. The Officer Safety Program aims to position TASER's products and services into municipality's budgets as a consistent and predictable prices as a mean to preserving future revenue streams. Providing such a bundle also helps solidify TASER as a one stop shop for an agencies technology needs while TASER may make slightly less per weapons hand on the OSP transaction we anticipate that it will be made up in volume. Admittedly the revenue recognition for this program is complicated and we’re still finalizing how this will be accomplished. We anticipate hosting a webinar to go through the specifics in the relatively near future for those investors who are interested. It's important to note that in terms of bookings, approximately 20% of the contract value of an OSP deal is backed out of bookings as it relates to the CW upgrade. The second new license tier introduced is known as the Unlimited Plan. Maricopa County Sheriff's Office and Pasco County Sheriff's Office were our flagship customers to purchase this tier with their purchase of 700 AXON Flex cameras and 415 AXON flex cameras respectively. The unlimited plan offers unlimited storage for the data uploaded from AXON cameras and the EVIDENCE Mobile as well as the added benefit of an agency being able to upgrade their AXON cameras every 2.5 years. The unlimited plan cost $79 user per month and it's offered with a 3 to 5 year contract. Just to be clear the only difference between the two plans is that the officer safety plan adds the TASER weapon warranty and upgrades to the unlimited plan for an additional cost of $20 per month. Maricopa County was also our flagship customer with the launch of RMS integrations with EVIDENCE.com. This program takes information exported from the agencies record management system and correlates it with videos on EVIDENCE.com and agency's AXON videos are then automatically tagged with the correct metadata including Incident ID, category and location. Officers are no longer required to spend valuable time entering this data after each incident and supervisors no longer have to search extensively for untagged or incorrectly tagged videos. The RMS integration is priced at $15 per user per month thereby increasing the average revenue per seat further. You probably notice in the press release we’re doing a rebrand of our previously called EVIDENCE.com & Video Segment now to be named the AXON segment. This will serve as the umbrella brand for all of the non-weapon technologies, we felt that AXON a name familiar to us, our investors and our customers would give us the flexibility to grow and expand while eliminating the confusion of multiple naming structures. As investors you will see the AXON segment in our SEC filings and press releases as well as in the upcoming brand launches. Our Seattle office will also be named under the AXON brand as it primarily houses our software R&D and product management teams. We think we have got the same opportunity that we had with the TASER brand to turn the AXON brand into a household name. I spoke earlier about some of our investments in SG&A but I also wanted to discuss some of our investment philosophy around R&D. We believe that technology shifts are inevitable. In order to maintain a leadership position we will make bold technology investments in emerging technologies such as wearables, mobile and cloud. Some of these investments will succeed and quite frankly some of them will fail. We believe that the investments we make with both our successes and our failures will be critical to maintaining a learning organization that can evolve and adapt to future technologies and market challenges. Today we’re investing heavily in mobile, around communication and collaboration features for public safety. We see the trend from desktop to mobile as something that will certainly come to public safety market as it has to so many other markets and we’re intent on being the leader in this space. We could easily make our earnings number in any given quarter by cutting SG&A or R&D investments but then we wouldn't be capturing the market share that we need to create a consolidated platform or developing the future innovations that we need We believe this market is significantly larger than what we’re selling to today, we're seeing the tip of the iceberg and we aren't satisfied with monetizing the business we have when we see a significantly larger opportunity. I would like to reiterate our commitment to the long term and set the expectation, this is a consistent message, you will be hearing from me and our leadership team. We're playing to win a much larger market over the long run and look forward to generating long term shareholder value as a result. Dan will now go over financials in greater detail
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Luke. So in the fourth quarter, consolidated sales were $46.8 million, a 17% increase from the fourth quarter of 2013. The increase in sales was primarily driven by total law enforcement smart weapon sales of 20.4 million partially offset by the lower legacy X26 sales which fell by 4.4 million versus the prior year. As a reminder we have ended the life of X26 e-legacy product but will still support warranty at handles we will be focusing solely on the smart weapons platform this year. Cartridge sales also had a strong quarter increasing 2 million over the prior year. Overall the weapons segment sales increased 2.9 million or 7.7% over the prior year's fourth quarter with fourth quarter total sales of 40.5 million. In the AXON segment AXON camera revenue increased 3.1 million compared to the prior year and service revenues for the AXON segment increased 0.8 million to 1.5 million in the fourth quarter compared to prior year. Overall the AXON segment sales increased 3.9 million or a 159.4% over the prior year fourth quarter with fourth quarter 2014 sales of 6.4 million. On an annual basis the weapon segment grew 18.1 million or 14.2% over the total 2013 sales of a 127.5 million finishing the year with a 145.6 million of sales for 2014 and the AXON segment grew 8.6 million or 82.6% over the total 2013 sales of 10.4 million finishing the year with 18.9 million of sales in 2014. Overall sales grew by 26.7 million or 19.4% finishing the year with 164.5 million of sales which is a new record. A significant contributor to the overall growth in 2014 was the strong performance in the international part of the business. The company has been investing heavily to grow the international business and in 2014 w started to see the impact of those investments. International sales grew $10.2 million or 45.9% over 2013 to 22.2 million finishing the year with 32.3 million of sales. As we look towards the first quarter revenues, investors should note that historically the first and third quarters are seasonally weaker than the fourth and second quarters and normally we see stepped on revenues from Q4 to Q1 as a result of this seasonality. Gross margins in the fourth quarter were 27.4 million or 58.6% as a percent of sales compared to 25.6 million or 63.8% of sales in the prior year. The decrease as a percentage of sales versus the prior year was driven primarily by the 2.1 million of excess inventory reserves and loss contingencies on open purchase orders of inventory. The gross margins without the reserves for the X26 and AXON cameras would have been 29.2 million or 63.8% which is in-line with the prior year. We are also beginning to see a product mix shift with greater percentage of sales being represented by AXON cameras which we’re selling at low gross margin in order to help drive camera adoption. In the fourth quarter of 2014 7.6% of our total sales were made off of AXON Flex and Body cameras as well as the docks compared to the fourth quarter of 2013 were only 1.8% of the total sales were made up of AXON cameras and docks. We expect this mix shift to continue into 2015 as AXON, flex and body cameras and the continue to represent an ever increasing percentage of total sales. Conversely we do expect that the high margin license revenue will also increase as a percentage over total sales overtime but because the camera sales are typically recognized at the time of delivery it will take longer for the license revenue to be a greater percentage of sales than what we’re seeing with the cameras. Overall gross margins in the AXON video segment were 9.7% in Q4 of 2014, we expect these to improve as the business scales because of the profitability of license revenue as high in a variable basis is currently depressed because of the high fixed cost. The weapon segment had gross margins of 66.2% for Q4. Obviously we have room to improve on the supply chain part of the business, we took expenses at 2.1 million in the fourth quarter due to excess inventory reserves and loss contingencies on open purchase orders. We had two major issues in the fourth quarter, the first was the end of life of the X26 legacy products. We had forecast a stronger demand for X26 in Q4 of 2014 and what materialize as customers who we expected to make some final buys of the X26 legacy products, instead started upgrading to new X26P. As a result we wrote off roughly $700,000 inventory related to X26.The second issue relates that AXON cameras, we have supply chain issue which affects a key component on broad use in both AXON Flex and AXON Body. We have plenty parts to satisfy the current camera forecast for 2015 but we have additional inventory of open purchase orders of ancillary parts that are no longer useful due to shortage of this component. As result, we’ve recognized 1.1 million of expense in Q4. Now we’re actively working to rectify the issue by trying to find the components in the open market, as well as trying to get the manufacture of this component to make a final production run for us. Thus far we have been unsuccessful in either of those endeavors. If we’re able to find the components on the open market, we’re convinced the manufacture due to financial production run we will be able to reverse all or part of expense taken in Q4 2014. We’re actively working to improve our forecasting and supply processes to prevent issues like this from recurring in the future. Also I want to reiterate that we have enough cameras and supply to satisfy our forecast for 2015. SG&A expenses saw an increase of 2.8 million or 23.7% to 14.4 million for the three months ended December 31, 2014. As percentage of sales SG&A expenses increased to 30.8% in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to 29.1% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Compared to the prior year personnel expenses increased 1.4 million mostly due to increased headcount investment in sales and other customer facing positions. Personnel expense in the fourth quarter of 2014 also included approximately 0.4 million related to restructuring expenses, travel expenses also increased compared to the prior year due to both the ICAP Convention as well Additional International Travel and there is increased spend in the sales and marketing area of 0.6 million due to the ICAP conference that was held in fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the third quarter of 2013. These increases were partially offset by decreased liability expenses and lower legal and accounting fees. We expect to continue to see elevated SG&A spend over the fourth quarter amounts in the first quarter of 2015 by $500,000 as initiatives to grow the top line internationally and in the AXON segment are executed and further infrastructure is put in place. Research and development expenses of 3.9 million in the fourth quarter were an increase of about 0.5 million over the fourth quarter of 2013. The increase continues to be primarily due to additional personnel expenses related to the AXON segment development initiatives, but the current planned hires and another research investments in AXON segment we continues to expect R&D expenses to increase from the fourth quarter levels in the first quarter by over a $1 million. We’re finding that larger customers such as the I met in Los Angeles Police Department required advanced features and additional functionality that are EVIDENCE.com solution and as a result is delayed the launch of some of the new products, but we do believe that ensuring the major cities, utilizing our solution has the best experience possible will continue to solidify our position in the market and the new advance feature set should allow us to continue to drive up our average monthly recurring revenue per seats. We like to also share future billings as of 12/31/14 with investors. We define this metric as cumulative bookings to-date net of the cumulative recognized revenue for AXON and EVIDENCE.com revenue and also backing out AXON E.com deferred revenue balances. So as of 12/31 we have 39.3 million in future billings solely related to the AXON EVIDENCE.com business that are not reflected in the financial statements but will be invoiced and recognized over the next five years. It's important to note that however the future billings are subject to the same non-appropriation clauses as bookings therefore if an agency does not appropriate funds in the future years these amounts would be reversed in that period. We expect the amount of future billings will change from quarter-to-quarter for several reasons including the specific timing, duration of large customer subscription agreements, new bookings, varied billing cycles and subscription agreements in a specific time a customer knowns. For multi-year subscription agreements billed annually the associated future billings is typically high at the begin of the contract moves to zero in last year contract and then increases again when the contract is renewed. Similarly we can look at future contracted revenue which is to find as cumulative AXON bookings minus the cumulative recognized revenue related to the AXON products. This figure like future billings is subject to appropriation clauses and we recognize over the next five years but as of 12/31 future contracted revenue is $53.6 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was 13.8 million compared to 13.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Moving onto income from operations that was 8.9 million for the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to 9 million of fourth quarter 2013 and as a percentage of sales operating income was 19.1% in 2014 compared to 22.5% in the fourth quarter of 2013. If we excluded employee severance expenses, the inventory reserves, income from operations actually would have been 11.4 million or 24.4% of sales. Net income for the fourth quarter was 5.5 million or $0.09 per diluted share compared to 5.4 million or $0.10 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year. Now deferred revenue on the balance sheet at year-end was $35.7 million, that’s actually increased 15.5 million from the prior year balance due to increased sales of extended warranties of EVIDENCE.com services and the TASER insurance program. The preferred revenue of balance related to warranties increased $6.1 million to $22 million, the deferred revenue associated with EVIDENCE.com future services yet still to be delivered and recognized in future is actually 9.3 million at year-end which is up 5.3 million from the prior year-end and deferred revenue associated with the hardware upgrades increased 3.9 million to 4.3 million during 2014. So as of December 31, our cash and investment balance was $90.4 million which is a growth of $27 million over the previous year-end balances of $63.4 million despite the fact that we bought back $22.4 million of company stock during 2014. To wrap things up we’re continuing to invest in the business because we’re serious about executing our strategy and providing top line double digit growth consistently and we’re driving even more significant growth in the AXON segment for as long as feasible. We feel that these investments are necessary to continue to solidify market position in the AXON business, investigate and develop adjacent revenue producing opportunities and continue to growth internationally so we can provide long term value for all our shareholders and with that we will take questions from the queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I'm showing our first question or comment coming from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Your line is now open.
Steve Dyer: Luke, I think you said your average monthly revenue pool per software seat was $26 which seemed low, given, what you appear to have been booking lately - how has that trended - maybe if you us - what was that a year ago, for example?
Dan Behrendt: Actually that has trended up, I think part of it is just as we - certainly we’re seeing the larger agencies grab a day towards more advance offerings which drives that up. But there are certain amount of the bookings especially that P&L get by the levels of service include future camera upgrades, that doesn’t count in that sort of monthly recurring revenue. We’re counting that at sort of getting deferred on the balance sheet. So there is about $15 and a lot of those contracts is getting deferred which may be the reason why the booking numbers seems high compared to what you’re seeing in the monthly recurring revenue.
Steve Dyer: Okay, and I think you had said 80% again, I'm looking more for trends here, 80% of the deals signed or the camera sold in Q4 had the E.com subscription and I think 87% or 88% of those had five year, how has that trended, I guess anecdotally seems like when this first started the attach rate was much, much lower 40% or 50%, is that consistent with what you're seeing?
Dan Behrendt: Yes that’s definitely trended up both in the amount of the - attachment rate is certainly up over time, and then the number of five year deals continues to the increase. So I think we’re seeing customers - I think we’re doing a better job of convincing customers across all sort of strata of the market. I think we have always had really good attached at sort of large customers, the trouble we had is sort of the smaller customer service through telesales. We’re having a harder time getting attach rate; we have put a number of programs in place in order to get a higher attach rate across all the market. In Q3 we had about 75% attach rate so that’s gone up to 80% and then almost 90% of the customers taking five year deals is certainly up as well.
Steve Dyer: Like to dig into the investment spend a little bit, is that primarily sales, is it software? It seems like maybe on the bigger deals with the enormous agencies, there is more customization required there. Maybe it's not quite as much of an off the shelf solution. Can you give a little bit more color of what you're spending on? And then secondly a couple of years ago you guys did a big kind of an investment spend and then that number came down pretty considerably. Is this sort of a shorter term year or two type surge to sort out land grab this thing or is this sort of the new level that we grow off from?
Luke Larson: So on the SG&A side, we feel that there is the market is happening now for body cameras and we are winning 90% of the deals that we’re in. We feel by adding additional channel resources we can capture additional market share, and we believe this is the time to invest, so we can consolidate the market and really our core belief is we want to get this people on the platform so we can capture that reoccurring revenue stream, walk them up to the pricing tier and then also have the potential to add on additional applications as we develop them. So that’s why we’re increasing the spend on the SG&A side. On the R&D side, we really feel that we have got an opportunity to build and become the preeminent technology in law enforcement and these features that we’re creating by having the same talent, that we said, Google or Dropbox, we’re able to create transformational value for our customers where it's not iterative but they are capturing real efficiency gains and getting police officers out on the street and this is something that philosophically we’re getting advice from Bret Taylor, the Former CTO of Facebook and Hadi Partovi, are saying we have never seen a company that has enough good engineers and you should be strategically building up a world-class engineering department and they will continue to create additional features that we can upsell to and also position us in a competitive advantage where it's going to be very difficult for our competition especially in the law enforcement space to catch up and I will maybe turn it to Dan on terms of--
Dan Behrendt: I think that’s exactly right. I think it captures the R&D side, I think on the SG&A side I think it's just, we want to make sure that we continue to have as many people in customer facing roles that we can make sure that we’re in front of every opportunity that post-sale we have good account management and people are helping make sure we have the great experiences and every customer is referenceable. We want to capture this entire market, as a result we don’t want to concede any sales due to lack of cover. So we’re going to make sure we’re investing not only to make sure we’re gaining the sales but also to make sure that once people have bought the product they have great experiences and expanded programs over time.
Rick Smith: I want to chime in last time, there is a fundamental difference between bubble in R&D back in 2008ish time frame versus what you’re seeing today. I would say back then we were moving into a new space and we invested very heavily early on. And frankly some of that was learning curve for us and we cut back because I think partially we were early to the market and frankly we made some hiring and other mistakes. I think we tried to grow the team to fast, this is very different from the position that we’re in today. If you just do the math on the last quarter, we are at a bookings run-rate of a $100 million in this business and it's growing in the 100s of percent year-over-year. So the business is scaling. The team that we’re hiring now is very dialed in. Again we have - this is not new to us anymore. We have been through the learning curve, so I wouldn’t expect though that this is a bubble in R&D that’s going to like sort of come up and then absolute levels of R&D come down, that’s not likely to happen. What I think you’re going to see happen is that team is going to continue to not only build out the revenue stream that’s existing today but we see - virtually the biggest problem we have got right now is picking which adjacent software opportunities we go after because there are still many that we could build out in this platform. So having that team I think it is going to enable us not only to meet the needs of our big customers today and we’re not doing one-off customizations of any major significant, what we’re learning from these big agencies is there is just a lot of additional workflow but they are pretty similar across the different agencies. So don’t take it if they were doing one-off customizations, that’s not what's going on. We’re building out the product to be more robust as we have gotten to better understand our customers. So, I think the R&D spend is here to stay for the long term but that’s what building the business at the levels that we’re seeing and we think in addition to the business we have built right now there is a couple of adjacent ones that this same team could continue to go after in the future.
Steve Dyer: Could you give maybe some examples of those adjacencies, are those things that the departments and law enforcement is asking you for or maybe how do we think about the progression of those?
Rick Smith: Yes. I would say at this point for competitive reasons, we don’t want to telegraph, what we see the next expansions to be. But I just don’t think we want to comment exactly where we go you yet other than we will just say if you look at the spend our customers make technology, we estimate it's in the $15 billion a year sort of range and that’s far larger the size of our company today but we’re the disruptive force that’s coming into these industry, these cloud hosted business models have ripped through industry after industry and when you think about, mobile, cloud, wearables these tech trends that are massively disrupting other spaces, we’re the disruptors with the best tech platform.
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I would say one investment that we have made in R&D that’s paying off now would be integrations. So the capability for the agency and we talk a little bit about that earlier to pay for an integration with our RMS system. What this does this is it deeply seats our software product into their workflows. The other features that we have been investing in our network features where they can do external sharing would DAs or other agencies. We believe that this is integral to our platform strategy. This software platform play, if you want to look to a comparison company Salesforce did a phenomenal job capturing a seat with their CRM system, and then it allowed them to introduce new revenue streams, 1 to 2 to 3 years later as they kind of captured that consolidated platform and that’s a company that we emulate in terms of creating kind of the public safety cloud platform.
Steve Dyer: Last question for me and then I will hop back in the queue as it relates, I think you said you’re winning 90% of the deals including virtually all the major departments. Has anything changed on the competitive landscape, is it getting more crowded, less crowded and when you don't win a deal is there a typically common denominator as to why you wouldn't win it? And I will hop back in the queue. Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: When we don’t win a deal I say that it's typically because there is either - like it's an agency that has some pre-existing they have got an in-car system that they have heavily invested and they just decide maybe we want to keep this stuff on premise. So if we lose I would say that in terms of the competitive landscape, one thing that’s shifted pretty dramatically is two years ago everybody in the digital admin space, basically our competitors are all hardware vendors for the most part, they give away software or sell it at very low cost, they get very small software teams. So two years ago the competitive landscape was - those TASER guys were kind of crazy with this cloud thing, you’re a law enforcement agency, you can't put your data in the cloud you need to keep it on premise. We have seen that flip a 180 degrees where our customers are now realizing information security is a specialized field that the part that we and the partners we put together are bringing information, security practices and technology that individual agencies can't do on their own. So I would say our competition has given the fight against the cloud and so everyone of our competitors are now saying, well we’re going to have a cloud platform too. I would just point out, we know what it's like to transform from a hardware company to a software company, it's not easy. The level of talent and time and investment it takes is significant. So we’re delighted to see all of our competitors following suit, we just thing it has validated our business model but we feel very well-positioned to win. But that’s another reason to make the big investments. Luke, had a comment at one of our business meetings, it's a whole lot easier to take the hill when there is no one on the hill rather than if the market fragments defragmenting it later it would be far more expensive and difficult. So that’s why we need to take advantage of our unique position now to consolidate the market.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Mark Strouse: This is Mark Strouse on for Paul. So a follow-up to Steve's question on it. You said you're winning about 90% of deals that you go after. But if we think just sticking with the U.S. to start, if we think about the total units that are out there - I guess just trying to see what you peg your market share, I mean you guys are obviously having great success with the larger agencies but some your competitors quite have thousands of agencies that are using their our solution. So I think from the percentage of agencies is interesting but if you have anything from a percentage of units that would be really helpful.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so we probably won't talk specifics, although I would say we understand our market very well in terms of the distribution of officers in the agencies and if you look at where the majority of the officers sit, 65% of the officers sit in agencies that have more than a 100 police officers and that’s where the majority of our focus has been. So it's a little bit misrepresentative if you were to look at number of agency count. There is probably 10,000 agencies that have less than 50 officers and out of those majority of them might even have less than 10 officers. So we’re focusing the majority of our time on the top kind of 1200 accounts where the majority of the officers sit. That’s not to say we’re not also focused on the bottom end. We have a teller team that focuses there as well. So we feel that in the deals that we’re in we’re very successful and that’s part of the reason that we’re increasing the spend in SG&A to get additional channel coverage.
Rick Smith: Yes I would pipe in as well, one of our competitors, some of them have tried to do a pretty good job sort of saying well we sold a bunch of cameras historically and we’re in 1000s of agencies, off these are non-public companies there is nowhere to verify those claims. We haven't seen them win any deals of significance in recent history, so if we were looking at like that market that’s happening today, we’re very confident. We have a very dominant market share and we just have 5000 agencies using EVIDENCE.com platform, that’s over a quarter of U.S. law enforcement. We don’t think there is anyone else approaching anywhere near that scale. And if you add in the TASER cams, historically we now have over a 100,000 cameras in the field. So we’re very confident, we’re winning the big agencies and we’re doing well in those small agencies but that’s - we have some agencies that have gone out and bought cameras on Sky Mall, they have bought them in consumer outlets, they bought some either from some competitors, if they have an in-car system they have bought one maybe from their in-car vendor. That is an area we’re looking to tune up as well to make sure that we’re working more deals in the lower end of the market. We don’t want to leave any part of this market untouched, but the big ones are going to be the leaders.
Mark Strouse: And then maybe since you gave us and ask for a mile here, thanks for the guidance on the OpEx and 1Q but if we look at the year now, I mean how should we think about that, I think your OpEx in 2014 was up in the high teens percentage growth should we be thinking similar magnitude year-over-year in 2015?
Dan Behrendt: I would say that we’re going to continue, obviously we want to give some sort of directional information here at least for Q1, I think we will continue to build for those levels. I think part of the gaining factor for us will be the high bar we have for hiring but I think as we continue to find top quality engineers and top quality sales people and other folks that will help create a great customer experience for our customers, we’re going to continue to hire throughout 2015. So I do expect that those expenses will continue to rise throughout the year.
Mark Strouse: And then last one for me, I appreciate Rick's comments about the hypothetical operating margins for AXON in the quarter, but on a GAAP accounting basis it kind of apply to your last two or three quarters, I'm just kind of curious in 2015 is that revenue scales up obviously with the investments so if we should expect that to stay at these levels or if we can from a GAAP perspective anyway if that should continue getting better?
Dan Behrendt: That’s a tough question to answer, I would say that as you model out, certainly we’re seeing the revenues go up and that the problem in our business is that the GAAP revenues, I know obviously we’re going to continue to focus on that it's sort of a lagging indicator. So we’re sort of focused on the leading indicators which are bookings and I think as long as we continue to see the strengthen in bookings that gives us the confidence to make those investments even though on a GAAP basis it may not look great in the near term, we think we’re building a really very strong, very profitable business for the long term.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open.
Glenn Mattson: Just two quick ones, I know it's late, the camera supply issue you said you had enough supply to satisfy your forecast but what about if there was any upside to that forecast like if you get big wins like large agencies that are out there, is there any concern should demand exceed, what you’re currently forecasting?
Rick Smith: We’re obviously managing that very closely, that is something that we’re keeping eye on. We do feel like we have got enough cameras to satisfy the forecasted sales for this year. We’re working hard from a supply chain perspective to make sure that we have enough cameras to satisfy demand even if we get some of those upside orders but it is something we’re addressing and feel like we have got a good team in place working hard to make sure we continue to satisfy the demand as it comes.
Glenn Mattson: Okay. And then I guess secondly just conceptually I think you guys have been doing such a great job especially in the U.S. gaining market share that you know it's interesting to see the increased spend because I think a lot of people are kind of already assuming that you’re going to win large majority of the U.S. maybe the wild card out there is international and grabbing a large chunk of the share there. I mean the U.S. is kind of a market that’s ripe and it's growing rapidly, that level of acceptance might be different countries. How can you be confident that the demand is there to justify the spend to say in the international market?
Rick Smith: International you’re right, it's been a challenge. I think if we looked at the 2013 results it was a little frustrating because we had started ramping expenses at the end of 2002 and spent significantly higher amounts in 2013 and really didn’t see any impact on sales because the sales cycle of international was so long but in this year we went up close to over 45% year-over-year internationally that was a big part of our growth for the overall business within international. We think there is tremendous white space opportunity, Rick talked about one out of every two officers carrying TASER in the U.S., internationally that’s one in 50 and then we have a camera business because of the way we have engineered the product with to be a cloud solution allows us to sell that that product around the world and have a localized product and different markets. So we think we have got not only a big white space opportunity in the weapons business around the world, we think we have a tremendous camera opportunity as well and we’re confident that the investments we’re making will pay off. Again longer term pay offs but I think the growth we saw in 2014 is giving us confidence that there is a pay-off for those incremental investments.
Operator: And our next question or comment comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty and Company. Your line is now open.
Greg McKinley: I'm wondering if you can talk about I guess the breadth of the opportunity of the marker, the concentration risk in it when you think about your potential big customer relationships from a booking standpoint, it's obviously something investors are monitoring very closely around your bookings levels, those numbers have grown dramatically in recent quarters. Is there enough volume of potential customers out there that bookings can continue to grow consistently quarter-to-quarter or where are we in the maturation of the business such that visibility on bookings level becomes easier for investors.
Rick Smith: So the way we think about the market is once we’re able to put an officer on our platform we got additional opportunities to walk them up the pricing tier with features that provide value for the agency, so we think the first phase is we need to grab the market share and the second phase which we’re investing in now is developing additional features that provide value so we can walk that customer up the pricing tier and we think there is a lot of opportunity and that’s what we’re assessing now is how do we develop those features where we can get more price per seat per customer.
Dan Behrendt: I think the other thing too is that a lot of this - at these big agencies there a lot of the initial bookings are not fully deployments, they are sort of the initial deployment for an agency that still has a lots of room to grow. LA is a good example it's great, they are now in our list of customers but there is a lot, there is a tremendous opportunity on top of the booking we have already recognized in LA for future camera sales as they go to full deployment. So I think it's not only a matter of getting new customers but also getting the customers on a system going to where every patrol officer has the camera that’s still a lot of upsides to the numbers we reported.
Rick Smith: Yes. I would just jump in I think what you’re getting at is can we expect a relatively smooth upward trajectory of bookings and the answer there is probably not because we do have these bookings are coming in relatively large chunks. If one or two of those slide out of quarter you could see a sequential dip. We think we’re going to continue to see solid year-over-year growth but I just wouldn’t want to miss that expectation that we’re into this highly predictable phase, we’re not dealing with millions of consumers large numbers, lots of small transactions, the big transactions are driving a lot of our bookings. So there is going to be some lumpiness quarter-to-quarter.
Greg McKinley: And then as you’re moving after some of these big markets, you talked about I think in your officer safety plan, the notion of bundling a weapon with the camera and the software, does that help crack the code on some of these major municipalities that historically haven't used weapons and how significant of change is that to the way you can work with them to get weapons in their hands?
Rick Smith: Well I need to contain my enthusiasm here because we’re talking about the future but I would tell you it made a big difference in LAPD. LAPD we have been working on for 15 years and this opportunity of putting the cameras and the TASER's together I think it's what gave them sort of the emphasis and the opportunity to expand our TASER's to every officer together with the cameras, because the cameras answered the major concern you would have about TASER's in a large city which is maybe a more political environment. What's the push back from various non-government organizations, they might have concerns about at least potentially misuse the taser, while if they have got the camera, they have police agencies simultaneously introducing a higher level of oversight. So we’re great at LA, I would say qualitatively we’re hearing a lot of interest from other large agencies but it's early in the game we’re 45 days into this. I'm excited and enthusiastic about it but we need to see how the market actually develops, I would just tell you reactions have been real positive early.
Greg McKinley: And then Dan, you had given us some metric I think of 53.6 million of future revenues, 39.3 million of future bookings. Is it essentially true that the difference between those two is just differed revenue and then secondly on that 53.6, any visibility you can provide to us how that splits out between software and hardware.
Dan Behrendt: On the first question yes it's exactly right, so the only difference between the numbers sort of the differed revenue if you take the future billings plus the deferred revenue that is going to be sort of future recognized revenue so that’s exactly right. As far as the mix, that’s probably one we’re not ready to talk through. I would say that as you model out the business, I think as you sort up the license count and look at sort of the monthly recurring revenue proceed I think there is a way to model that but we’re probably not in a position to sort of give that split between hardware and software at this point.
Greg McKinley: Again focusing a little bit more on software and also you’ve a $26 monthly revenue proceed, was that in Q4 bookings or is that where the business stands at cumulatively today? And can you comment if it wasn’t for Q4 bookings, how that changes as people are opting for the OSP and the ultimate plans?
Dan Behrendt: So what I can say is that is the cumulative so that’s actually December's revenue was at that $26 proceeds so that’s sort of the cumulative of all deals before that we have already sort of invoiced and recognized a revenue for and that did go up and it's been going up. So I would say that the most recent deals that were recognized started to be recognized in fourth quarter helped drive that rate up over that same number say for this month of September. So we’re seeing that head in that right direction. You know the one thing just to be clear is that things like officer safety plan and the ultimate plan we’re going to take roughly 20% of the bookings on officer safety plans and strip that out, that’s the weapons part of business so that won't be included in the monthly recurring and the part that represents sort of future camera upgrades will also be stripped out and put on the balance sheet. So you’re going to have about $15 a month on those plans that include future cameras, they are not going to be that monthly recurring that’s going to be on the hardware side so that won't be in the monthly recurring. Even though we’re seeing we’re collecting the money every month that’s getting differed, so the monthly recurring is actually the revenue we’re recognizing each month.
Greg McKinley: So just to be super clear, so on the $99 a month, take 20 bucks a month off for the weapon and another 15 bucks a month off for future camera hardware?
Dan Behrendt: That’s correct.
Greg McKinley: So taking $35 out there and then as you take - go down in the unlimited plan which is DOSP [ph] but without the weapon and unlimited and ultimate in both of those you take $15 roughly out for the future camera hardware.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, roughly that would be a good approximation.
Greg McKinley: And then lastly can you comment on how many, so 80% of your cameras booked seats in Q4 up from 75% in Q3, how many seats are you at cumulatively today is it something you’re willing to disclose?
Dan Behrendt: We said last quarter we are about 10,000, we’re about 15,000 at this point so we’re continuing to grow that seat count. The other thing too is that seat count, we wait for sort of the implementation everything else before we start recognizing the revenue on the seats so sometimes there is a little bit of a lag in that seat count from when the booking is just because we’re we need to implementation services.
Operator: And I'm showing no further questions at this time. So with that I would like to turn the call back over to the Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Rick Smith with any further comments.
Rick Smith: Well in view of the time we’re not going to take the Twitter questions here. I think Eric will deal with those offline. It's been a long call. Everybody thank you for tuning in today. Again couldn’t be a more exciting time at the business. Feel very excited about the team we have got, the products resonating, this year you’re going to see us really starting to tune up some of the international performance, continuing to consolidate the market. So thanks everybody for your time and we look forward to seeing you all at our shareholder meeting coming up in May which will be held at our new Seattle office. So look forward to seeing you - any of you can make it up in Seattle in May. Thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program and you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO
Analysts:  Mark Strouse - JPMorgan Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann
Operator: Welcome to the TASER International Q3 2014 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Rick Smith:  Thank you very much and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s third quarter 2014 earnings conference call. And before we get started, we’re going to start with everyone's favorite part with Dan Behrendt, reading our Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. So Safe Harbor statement, statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions and strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements only speak as to the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings, as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I will turn it back over to Rick.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. As a reminder we’re going to accepting some questions via Twitter during the Q&A portion of the call which can be submitted using the #tasr_earnings. To follow our page on Twitter during the call which you will want to do, we will be posting various graphics, follow the account @taser_ir, that’s @taser_ir. So we will be posting graphic, then commentary and link to some videos during the call. And for those of you who are without Twitter all updates and graphics streamlined directly to our investor relations website, investor.taser.com The third quarter of 2014 was a business one here at Taser and I'm personally excited to share some of the progress and milestones reached during the quarter. First off, consolidated revenue grew 26% year-over-year to 44.3 million, yet another new record for the company. This marks the 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year top line double-digit growth. We continue to work hard to aggressively grow the top line and we’re eager to continue to share our progress and success through the remainder of the year and into 2015. The EVIDENCE.com and video business realized another quarter of increasing momentum and exciting announcements which culminated in a strong bookings for year up $15.3 million and we hit the milestone of selling over 100,000 cameras into the field to-date including AXON and our TASER Cams. In the macro environment, it's ever more clear that we are at a tipping point for this technology in law enforcement. The unfortunate event at Ferguson put a brought spotlight on the issue upon officer cameras both within communities and in law enforcement. I believe there has never been a more singular point in time for on officer cameras that has caused such a fundamental shift in customer attitude. Inquiries increased 10 fold, our video pipeline is at largest it has ever been and RFPs have more than doubled compared to last year for video specific bid. We feel that Ferguson switched the light on for some officers eliminating some of the resistance remaining to be adopted by this technology and perhaps the most striking example of this shift in adoption comes from the Seattle Police Union. A few years ago the Seattle Union had taken a strong stance against wearable video. After Ferguson the President of the Union said that they now support wearable cameras to protect their officers. At TASER seem to compare the adoption trends of this technology with beginnings of our TASER weapons business so many years ago. TASER Weapon implementation was initially pushed by front line officers. It was typically met with initial top-down resistance to change and the potential for controversy. With on officer video we now also have officers asking for the technology in order to protect themselves while on duty. In fact some of them were buying these units personally. And we also have broad external support from the community including group's like the ACLU for more accountability by police. Further there is a very high return on investment for the agency as a result of pure citizen complaints and reduction in use of force. In one example the now famous, Rialto PD study estimated that they saved $400,000 in hard cost just from the reduction in complaints once they deployed the cameras. Their first year cost for the program were $90,000 yielding over 300% return on investment in the first year. In other words the agency saved $4 for every dollar they spent. Further I just stand on the panel with the Chief of Rialto at the IACP, which is the International Association Chiefs of Police at the conference, I sat with the Chief. And he said that they realized another big savings before cameras they had three people dedicated full time to internal affairs. Now they have so few complaints, he only needs one officer. So he has been able to redeploy the other two officers to do police work. This equates to another approximately $380,000 in savings per year. They have also seen their overtime for officers going to court to testify dropped by 41%. We can't yet quantify what that is in dollar terms but hopefully by our next call we will have some estimates. If we add up the numbers the first few ROIs starts to reach incredible levels. We now three forces pushing for the adoption of video, police officers, the community and the return on investment. The largest agencies are continuing to choose our solution AXON and EVIDENCE.com to address this seismic shift in law enforcement. As of the third quarter we had 11 major cities actively deployed and another 35 in some form of pilot program, that has nearly tripled the number of major cities in pilot from what we discussed last quarter. We’re very confident that these trials are doing well. Large cities who deploy cameras in previous quarters are expanding their programs. For example Salt Lake City and Birmingham have decided to manage all their additional leverage, not just from AXON cameras but everything on EVIDENCE.com and Miami Beach helped us with strong conviction about the benefits of these cameras that they purchased AXON cameras from multiple departments within the city including their fire department, building inspectors and parking attendants. These expansions prove the concept of EVIDENCE.com as a digital evidence and management platform and we look forward to integrating more agencies in the future. We’re often asked about the benefits of our solution versus our competitors in this space. To our knowledge we’re the only proven, scalable, end to end solution in the marketplace today which is why we’re winning these large agencies. Birmingham is a great example, like Albuquerque, of a turnaround story, they initial went with a competitor of ours; they found it was not scalable or robust. They came back to TASER and then clearly became our advocate with the expansion to all digital evidence. The 3700 agencies were choosing EVIDENCE.com as of the third quarter of doing so because of the end to end solution and extraordinary customer support experience they get from TASER. By the way just to be clear, the 3700 agencies include agencies that are using the full EVIDENCE.com with AXON cameras as well as EVIDENCE-lite for managing their TASER CEW weapons. EVIDENCE.com received a new file upload every six seconds during the third quarter; culminating in a total of 1.3 million files uploaded this far into EVIDENCE.com. If you take a look at the graph which we’re getting out right now, the mathematicians among you will notice it is still resembling a smooth exponential curve. In 2014, approximately 75% of cameras sold included an EVIDENCE.com contract initially. So 75% of cameras were sold online. Further other cameras have come online that were initially purchased as offline units. Birmingham is a great example of this. That’s the beauty of our system, it's as easy as flipping a switch for customer should they change their mind and decide to utilize EVIDENCE.com. Additionally, in the third quarter, bookings over 87% of contracts were from multiple years. To us this is a fabulous sign, not only do agencies understand the value proposition of EVIDENCE.com but (indiscernible) technology and the solution that here is to stay and that TASER is the right partner for long term success and new technology implementation. Frankly one of our stand out benefits to competitive differentiators, TASER will not allow a customer to fail. We provide the best support the industry will hear [ph] consistently from our customers, program scale because the solution and the because of the people behind it. We’re also innovating to develop the most requested features from our customers. Last week, we announced AXON Signal, a Bluetooth add-in that will turn all cameras within a certain radius on with the activation of a Police Light Bar from their car or when a TASER weapon is on, a unique feature that only TASER could offer. This feature will be available on AXON Flex cameras starting in the first quarter of 2015 and it's a feature that can be added to previously purchased cameras for a small additional cost. I just returned from the International Association of Chiefs of Police, it was by the far the most successful show of my career. There was so much traffic to our booth, we overheard other exhibitors complain, why is this show just all about TASER? Our theme this year was don’t be a dinosaur. We wanted to drive a conversation about the need to adapt a change particularly the need to adapt a new technology, like the internet, cloud and wearables. There was a line around our booth for two solid days and we estimate around 3000 attendees primarily police chief, went through the TASER experience. Many who came to our show were absolutely energized to help drive change at their agencies and they see TASER and EVIDENCE.com as the key partner to drive that change. To ensure we kept the don’t be a dinosaur topic, on top of every conversation, we had two life sized velociraptors walking the show floor all day. And we took them to some key events such as the Major Cities Chief of Police reception and I can tell you everyone was talking about why we had dinosaurs roaming the reception, and a place to see for the exact conversation that we wanted to occur especially among our current customers education new prospects on the great experience that they are having with EVIDENCE.com. Our dinosaurs even made a guest appearance at the TASER party with another 3000 plus attendees talking about dinosaurs. And they even talk about the dinosaurs within their agencies, exactly the conversation we need to have. Now to help entice people to come through our presentation, we gave away large oversized stuffed dinosaurs, 2000 people received the EVIDENCE.com dinosaur and every one of which was a mobile billboard that saturated the show floor. These dinosaurs were too big to stick in a bag so when you carried it you were advertising for us. You can get a chance to see later on when we tweet out some videos from the show, just how impactful this program was and these dinosaurs will go home to kids and grandkids teaching the, don’t be a dinosaur campaign alive long after the show was over. I cannot put into words how proud I'm of our marketing team for the work they did this week. I think it was the most impactful marketing campaign in the history of law enforcement and certainly the most creative campaign I’ve ever been involved with. Last year we set the objective to establish dominant market share and to do what it takes to avoid market fragmentation. We increased our investments and our team has executed rigorously, we have won every major agency that has made a purchase design in the past year. If we continue this momentum with the 35 major cities that are in some form of trial with us today, it is conceivable that we can have 46 of the 66 major cities or 70% of them on EVIDENCE.com by the end of 2015. This will establish EVIDENCE.com as a nearly unstainable [ph] market leader. The smaller agencies will typically fall the larger ones which drive standard regionally. We will continue to aggressively invest in expanding our sales team, our marketing programs and our product development to maximize our chances to succeed in this mission. We believe these investments will be as fruitful as the investments we have made in 2013, they are yielding the winning results that we now enjoy. Following the Ferguson incident, body cameras were everywhere at IACD. One of our people joked that even hot dog vendor had a camera to sell. But what we have heard over and over from our customers was that no one there had the proven, scalable, end to end system that we have spent six years developing with EVIDENCE.com. Others will try to follow but those starting to make investments now will have an enormous mountain to climb to catch us because we have even got the time, the capital and the best talent in the industry years ago to establish a wide first mover advantage upon which we’re now building aggressively. In addition to the fantastic momentum we’re seeing in our video and cloud business, the TASER Weapons business continues to execute and show strong resulted delivering revenues were up 26.5% to 40.0 million. Gross margins for the weapons were epic as 68.9% from the third quarter. Domestic weapon sales increased 20% year-over-year. The upgrade to smart weapons within the weapon segment is progressing. As of the third quarter we have 40 major cities with significant numbers of smart weapons deployed. We’re able to Dallas and Houston to that list this quarter. In the third quarter there were several large orders, they were actually expected to close in the fourth quarter. We brought them forward. So as you previously mentioned we have 10 to 12 deals a quarter which are over $250,000 but we have approximately 450,000 orders totaling each quarter.  If these large deals shift in one quarter it can cause lumpiness in the domestic business so while the lumpiness was favorable for the third quarter it could potentially have the opposite effect in future quarters. Our sales team executed flawlessly this quarter brought in several deals from the fourth quarter into the third which of course could cause a bit of lumpiness next quarter both revenues and potentially in bookings. Now on the other hand, we’re working some very large international deals which could come in during the fourth quarter. Internationally, there were some great wins as well. In total revenues were 6.7 million internationally in the third quarter, an increase of 81.6% compared to the prior year. In fact year-to-date, 2014 international revenue has surpassed all of 2013. Notable to mention in the quarter, international included the sale of smart weapons into Poland for the first time and there by opening a new market for TASER. A smart weapon expansion in France, in Australia and we saw the level blend in that double their in-field pilot program, bringing the total upto a 1000 units which was arguably the most influential agency in the world and certainly outside of the U.S. Our international headquarters in Amsterdam is in the process of setting up one (indiscernible) team are busy hiring incremental sales and administrative staff to help run and expand that business which we’re comfortable will continue to grow stronger overtime. We continue to be excited about the direction of TASER and EVIDENCE.com and look forward to sharing more success in the coming quarters. Now I'm going to handover to Dan to go over the financial results in more detail.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. As we said earlier in the third quarter, consolidated sales of 44.3 million were represent 26% increase from the third quarter of 2013. The increase in sales was primarily driven by the total law enforcement weapons handle sales which increased $6.9 million in the third quarter compared to the prior year. AXON camera revenues increased 1.2 million compared to the prior year and service revenues for EVIDENCE.com of the videos increased 0.7 million to 1.2 million in the third quarter compared to the prior year. The legacy X26 CEW declined $4.3 million in the third quarter as a result of the agencies embracing the new smart weapons platform. As we mentioned in the last quarter's call at the end of the fourth quarter the X26E which is the legacy product, it will be going out in production. While we still support warranty at handles we will start focusing solely on the smart weapon platform going into 2015. The new single shot, smart weapon, the X26p saw sales increase 8.1 million over the third quarter of 2013 which is the main total law enforcement handle sales grew by 6.7 million when compared to the prior year. Gross margin for the third quarter was 28.7 million or 64.7% of revenue which is up from 22.1 million or 62.8% in the prior year. As sales have increased we continue to benefit from higher operating leverage. Due to the price increase institute at the beginning of 2014 and more sales being sold directly to the end users rather than through distribution channels we have also realized higher ASPs on our product and proven gross margin. Cost of services delivered increased 0.9 million in the third quarter compared to the prior year, primarily due to the increased personnel and travel cost associated with the professional services team. (Indiscernible) storage and hosting fees also increased compared to the prior year as more data and files are uploaded into EVIDENCE.com. Gross margins in the TASER Weapons business were especially strong with gross margins as a percentage of revenue in the third quarter of 2014 being 68.9% compared to gross margins of 65.5% in the third quarter of 2013. In the EVIDENCE.com the video segment revenues increased 0.8 million to 4.3 million for the third quarter of 2014, loss from operations at EVIDENCE.com, the video segment worsened to $4 million from a loss of 1.5 million in the third quarter of 2013 largely due to the increased investment in research and development activities and additional sales representatives and marketing expenses for AXON and EVIDENCE.com. The investment in sales and marketing are continuing to yield results as evidenced by our current customer acquisition cost, life time value of the customer ratio. This statistic looks at sales and marketing cost in the quarter dividend by the number of new seats acquired in the quarter and if I compare to this to the net present value of future gross margins for that customer. And in the third quarter the video business had results where the customer acquisitions cost to life-time value ratio was greater than three. As a general rule of thumb, when you have investments -- when that ratio is above three it indicates that we’re getting a lot of leverage out of our sales and marketing and it's a good indication that increased investments warranted in the future. SG&A expenses of 12.4 million and 12.8 million for the three months ended June 30th, 2014, a 13 respectively represented a decrease of 0.4 million for this year or 2.6%. As percentage of net sales SG&A expenses decreased to 28.1% for the third quarter compared to 36.3% for the third quarter of 2013. Compared to the prior year professional, accounting and legal fees and litigation expenses decreased 2.8 million driving primarily by lower cost of defense relating to product and commercial litigation, that’s the main driver for the reduction year-over-year. Liability insurance also decreased approximately 0.3 million compared to the prior year due to a favorable rate changes in that insurance. These decreases were partially offset by increased personnel cost of $1.2 million as the company has increased customer facing positions as well as some other administrative functions. We expect to see elevated SG&A expense continue into the fourth quarter due to the timing of the International Association Police Show that Rick mentioned earlier. That show typically has an investment of roughly $600,000 for us. Last year that expense was divided by Q3 and Q4, this year all that expense will be in Q4. So we do expect to see elevated spending in Q4 due to the show as well as additional incremental investments we’re in SG&A. We expect the higher SG&A cost to continue into 2015 as we continue to hire people and spend money on sales and marketing activities in order to drive the business. Research and development expenses of $3.8 million for the third quarter of 2014, this represents an increase of 1.3 million compared to the third quarter of 2013. The increase continues to be primarily due to additional personnel cost relating to our EVIDENCE.com and video segment, development initiatives. As the team begins development issues expenses will be capitalized until the product launches. However given the newness of this initiative, the company cannot be certain of the timing of the capitalization or the completion of the development projects and we do not capitalize any expenses in Q3. With current planned hires and other research investments in EVIDENCE.com the video segment, we continue to expect R&D expenses to increase from these levels. We’re finding that larger customers such as the one of them that required additional functionality in our EVIDENCE.com solution which is to lay the development and launch of some of the new product lines. We believe that ensuring that major cities utilize our solution have the best experience possible and will continue to solidify position in the market. Adjusted EBITDA which includes items such as detailed in the press release was 15.1 million in the third quarter of 2014, this compares to $9 million on third quarter of 2013, with an increase being driven by the higher sales and gross margins in 2014. Income from operations was $12.5 million in the third quarter of 2014 compared to $6.9 million in the third quarter of 2013, as percentage of sales operating income was 28.2% at 2014 compared to 19.5% in the third quarter of 2013 with increase mostly due to higher gross margins on the higher sales in the Q3 of 2014. Net income for the third quarter of 2014 was $7.6 million or $0.14 on both the basic and diluted share basis compared to net income of 5.1 million or $0.10 per diluted share last year. So moving on to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with -- the company generated 16.7 million of operating cash flow which led to -- finished in the quarter with $74 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments. Accounts receivable for the end of the quarter 27.1 million, this is a 4.6 million from the year-end balances due to the timing collection as well as the higher sales in the quarter and inventory balances of $16.1 million is actually up $5 million from the prior year due to increased stocks of both raw materials and finished goods, anticipation of future sales. Total assets as of September 30, 2014 were a $164.1 million. Total deferred revenue for the quarter was $30 million, this is an increase of 9.8 million from the year-end balances primarily due to the upgrade program of the X26 and X2 which include an extended warranty. We also had sales of EVIDENCE.com solution which contributed 2.8 million, an increase in deferred revenue from prior balances. As you know we have deferring revenue related to EVIDENCE.com service at the time of the purchase. So the service revenue ends up being recognized over the service period which is between 1 and 5 years depending on the sale agreement. Also contributing to the increase in deferred revenue is the TASER Assurance Plan which has increased about by year-end by 2.6 million as customers continue to embrace the program from both weapons at AXON cameras. Total liabilities of 46.1 million and the company finished the quarter with a $180 million in stockholders equity. Company continues to have no long term debt other than some small capital lease on the balance sheet, continue to have plenty of liquidity and a strong cash flow engine in our core business to fund our sales, R&D efforts and operations into the future. Moving on to the selected information from cash flows, the company had cash provided from operations of $22.6 million for the first nine months of 2014. This compares -- the company paid approximately $4.5 million year-to-date on several litigation cases including the AA & Saba Consultants, Inc versus TASER which was a negative cash flow, the operation cash flow were then higher without those expenses. Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 2014 was 17.1 million compared to cash used at 13.2 million in the same period over the prior year. The net use of cash is driven by the net purchases of investments during the time period of $23.8 million. Cash used in finance activities was $9.3 million for the first nine months of 2014 compared to the cash used in finance activities of 11 million in the same period of prior year. The net use of was really driven by the repurchase of company stock of $22.4 million for approximately 1.7 million shares partially offset by proceeds from employee stock option exercise of about 8.6 million and excess tax benefit from stock based compensation of 5.8 million. To wrap up, our continued investment in business because we’re sure [ph] by executing our strategy, providing top line double digit growth consistently. We feel that these investments are necessary to continue to solidify our market position in the video business, investigate, and develop adjacent revenue positioning opportunities and continue to grow internationally so we can provide long time value for all the shareholders.
Rick Smith: Okay. With that there are still things that I want to mention that I failed to in my segment. The first, some of you might have noticed that during the IACP we launched the EVIDENCE.com partner platform program with three launch partners, a drone company Aerovironment, iRobot and Net Transcripts [ph]. We stood up a business development function this year and I can tell we were frankly overwhelmed with inquiries from companies that want to come and partner with us. I think it has been seen in the industry that we have the strongest brand and that our platform is the core platform by a fairly large margin. So we see partnering as a way to further solidify the power, the stickiness and the momentum of EVIDENCE.com. And by that I will point out as well our party at ICAP was seemed as a retirement part for the X26, so again our creative team did just a great job. We had a small roast and a send-off for the X26 banking it for it's dozen years of service in the field which is a fun tongue in the cheek way to sort of remind the market that the X26 goes out of production at the end of this year and help customers transition to our newer and smart weapons platform. And so with that we will transition and we will take a few questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from the line of Paul Coster, JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Strouse - JPMorgan:
 : 
Dan Behrendt: As Rick indicated earlier we certainly -- our sales team executed flawlessly this quarter and really there is a number of deals we’re able to pull forward, individually they weren't saying on the orders of magnitude like the San Diego deal last quarter but collectively they are as bigger, bigger than the San Diego deal. We had a number of million dollar deals that we closed this quarter so there is some lumpiness. Obviously we continue to execute hard as Rick said the pipeline for video it continues to be very strong, in fact it increased from the last time we saw I think it continues to be larger than CW pipeline but it's tough predict exactly when those orders will happen but certainly very happy with the results this quarter.
Mark Strouse - JPMorgan: Then switching to weapons, I know you guys don’t give guidance, so this may not be a fair question but is there any way to quantify for us the amounts of orders that were pulled forward into 3Q kind of what the whole level is in 4Q?
Dan Behrendt: That’s a tough one, again we closed the quarter very strong with sales team executing both in the federal space with some of the year-end moneys that we’re able to pull forward and get into Q3 which was useful as well as a couple of the transactions, the Dallas deal is a deal that could have been easily in the fourth quarter it was kind of a lease deal that we did. It's kind of nip and tuck there at the end, that was a deal for about $2.5 million to $3 million. So there is certainly I think that they executed well and I was very pleased -- we’re pleased with this company with the way they executed in the quarter. So, certainly we had both between the large federal deal and Dallas is what they call in particular -- easily deals that could have been fourth quarter deals.
Mark Strouse - JPMorgan:  And then one last one if I can, just any thoughts on potentially updating the long term targets or maybe hosting another Analyst Day?
Dan Behrendt: It's certainly something that we’re looking, it's as you can see that things are very much in flux right now in a positive way and we want to make sure that we have got plenty of flexibility to continue to make the investments which we think will pay off long term for our investors but makes it a little bit tougher to predict certainly down to the net income level with the investments we’re making. But we will continue to look at that, we certainly like to do that, have another Analyst Day maybe sometime in 2015 but we will certainly update you once we’re ready to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty and Company. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company:  I wanted to touch on a couple of different topics, first of all Rick you talked a little bit about international operations, can you maybe just summarize for us what your infrastructure is in international markets where you see that going and then maybe what are some of the most attractive opportunities you think that will help you capitalize on?
Rick Smith: Let me start, so the epicenter is now moving to Amsterdam that’s where Ron Brandt and his team are based. In Amsterdam I would say we probably have around eight employees today, that will be probably going through your 12 to 15 next year as we add international controller, etcetera. There are some tax advantages to operating out of Holland. So obviously we see that as a -- we did a pretty exhaustive review on where it made the most sense for us to be looking at tax implications as well as operational implications one that will be close to the heart of Europe there. That’s our largest team internationally. In Brazil we have got a team I think of about five people. In Brazil we’re still working to try to get approval from the army as we will be able to start manufacturing TASER's with our contract manufacturer and reenter the Brazil in the weapon side. In the meantime, we have had some of the largest agencies in Brazil are now in paid pilots with AXON and EVIDENCE.com, we’re able to deploy from Amazon data center in San Paulo. So those are going well, so even while the weapons approval has taken much longer than we would have hoped, we are seeing that the camera business down there can be very interesting. We have a couple of individuals in other parts of the globe; frankly as we look at 2015 we’re just going to our budgeting process now. It's interesting -- basically ramp-up our investments in international sales and marketing and frankly as we look at history we have done well in the English speaking countries, in the UK, in Australia, New Zealand and not as strong elsewhere. So I think we have realized late last year if we’re going to be truly international we have got to behave more internationally and provide the sorts of investment and infrastructure and personnel to our international customers that we do here. We began internalizing all of our websites in terms of language, we hired a European and a German guy to run -- not just an American, we transplanted overseas. I would say three years ago our international sales plan was largely send Americans around the world on -- senior executives go make presentations but I think we’re strong on having teams on the ground to follow-up and drive the ball down the field. That is changing now and we see a lots of opportunity to drive more growth next year. So you will see some more investments in the international as we build out both the team in Europe and I think you will see investments in putting a more structure in larger team in Asia.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company:  And then on the bookings side within your video business, maybe can you and Dan you also talked about deferred revenue. Can you remind us how much deferred revenue is on the balance sheet today as it relates to EVIDENCE.com and can you talk about a backlog number? How much has been already recognized for software and service revenues versus how much is in backlog just to give us a sense for how that’s aggregating?
Dan Behrendt: We have seen a significant growth, this quarter is almost 3 million of deferred revenue growth just for the video business on top of what was already on the balance sheet. We will have that in the queue.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company:  $3 million sequential increase?
Dan Behrendt: Yes sequential increase. I will get you that total hopefully by the end of the call here, we can sort of look at and pull it out of the queue. We certainly see it's about almost about $7 million on the balance sheet right now for the deferred revenue, for the video business. Again that balance will be partly driven by how much cash we have received. So our future billings are actually significantly higher than that. This year we have had $32.5 million of bookings, the amount of cash that the amount of billing is fraction, that’s probably about maybe 10 million a billing. So even it's future 22.5 million of future billings it will be down in subsequent years. You know most of the customers with multi-year deals will still prefer to pay for the product annually. So it doesn’t create a large deferred revenue but it does create a sort of large future billing amount.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: And then regarding the EVIDENCE.com product itself in the AXON hardware, how -- I know you’ve already recently announced new features on the AXON camera to link it back to squad car or turn the camera on remotely. How frequently do you anticipate new features being introduced and is there a long life cycle to be able to get new features into the camera if needed?
Dan Behrendt: I would say one of the things that is unique for TASER and really a competitive advantage, our ability to do a lot of voice [ph] for the customer research. Customers, we have a really good relationship with customers they are very open with us as far as features that they desire. Our marketing team and our R&D team does a really good job of helping customers prioritize the feature so we work on the things that are most important to them and we work on those things first and the things that have the most universal need. So, I think the lot of what the team is working on today has been sort of additional features in EVIDENCE.com that specifically for the larger customers that make it more efficient for them to roll-out the product, make their use of the product more efficient and again it creates a competitive advantage because these are advanced features that are hard for competition to replicate. And I think it's a big reason why we’re winning the large deals. Rick, talked about being the only scalable and the solution -- part of that scalability is having advanced features that make large customers, make their experience in our system excellent and make some reference customers going forward for other big customers, that allows them pulling into the system as well.
Rick Smith: Yes one of the thing I would point out is I believe every major deal we have signed last quarter was our ultimate plan or at least the vast majority of them were and our ultimate plan is where we bundle-in and included upgrade every 2.5 to 3 years. So for our customers they love that, we take the risk out of it for them and say, look as you get on this plan you don’t have to worry about, are you going to obsolete when the next camera comes out. We can have you on a regular upgrade cycle and frankly I think that’s something uniquely TASER could do with some of our larger competitors that -- obviously there is a lot of noise out there -- there is a lot of vapor -- lot of competitors have memorized our product specifications to like comical detail. But the fact is our customers is not going to get on effectively a prepaid plan with some of the company (indiscernible) that’s going to be here in a year or two. The stability, the customer relationship we have with TASER allows us to enter in indigenous relationships and take down risks off the table for our customers and that’s something that is not replicable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum Capital Group. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: (Indiscernible). I was wondering if you can go on to some detail on the bookings number, obviously a big jump sequentially and I'm sure Ferguson had something to do with that but can you talk about the cadence for those orders received, you know obvious results will be lumpy on a quarterly basis going forward but given the active deployments and pilots you guys have talked about. Kind of what's the right level to think about it going forward?
Rick Smith: First of all let me just Ferguson had very little to do with the bookings number this quarter. Our customers don’t buy in 30 day cycles, Ferguson drove a big shift in inquiries and new trials but we won't see the effects of Ferguson in the booking number for another quarter or two. Dan?
Dan Behrendt: I agree with that. I think as I’ve indicated before earlier on the call, I mean we have had a number of $1 million deals this quarter which I think is really encouraging, you know that quarter is not dependent on the single deal. Last quarter we had pretty good percentage of the total quarter bookings were one transaction. So having a number of sort of $1 million size deals I think it's useful. Certainly on a go forward basis as Rick indicated in his comments earlier I think that certainly some lumpiness, it makes it tough to predict we feel very good about the macro environment. We think we continue to win the vast, vast majority of any competitive situation we’re in. So as the faster the market moves, the faster the bookings will grow but we’re at a number of outside influence here as well.
Rick Smith: And one another anecdote I will share about the Ferguson incident, you know we did have a number of agencies in that area obviously, they will call us up and say we want to get cameras out fast. We’re able to deploy 70 or 80 cameras at one agency, they wanted them in a matter of days and what I heard back from our team that was out there is that while they were, in one of these agencies, one of the competitors also had some product there and the agency couldn’t get it to work. So that’s again one of our advantages, this thing scales -- we have got in the 10s of 1000s of cameras, 100,000 in total, in the field we have 1000s, 1000s cameras online and our business processes continue to get more and more streamline so we can bring cameras online faster and easier for the customer and we believe of those competitive advantages. We have an opportunity to widen the goal from the position we’re at now and incidents like the one we heard about there with that agency struggling -- as new competitors grow, lots and lots of features and try to compete. This stuff is hard to do well. It takes really great engineers and a lot of work and a lot of rigor and a lot of folks trying to do this, we don’t see they have the resources and talent and time frankly to be able to do something competitive while the market is forming here.
Unidentified Analyst: Moving on to weapons business and sorry if I missed this, but you guys are obviously end of life in the X26 this year. Can you talk about the impact of that -- what that had on Q3 results if any and kind of what kind of impact it has going forward on the upgrade cycle for the next couple of quarters?
Dan Behrendt: Certainly historically when we end of life the M26, it certainly helped customers, they were sort of waiting or on the fence for an upgrade to help to sort of drive adoption. It gave them one more data point to use with their city councils as they try to get capital money to buy new weapons. They would say look our weapons are sold, they are not supported by the manufacturing and we think that will be a useful fact for them to have and their argument about why they need to upgrade and certainly we think by end of life in X26, you know that could help to continue to drive the upgrade cycle. It's not to quantify exactly how much -- how big an impact it's having in any given quarter but certainly we know from sort of historically that it is useful and gives -- it forces customers to look at our new products. We think candidly the new smart weapon platform has some significant advantages over the legacy products and by no longer supporting legacy product it forces customers to take a look at the new products which hopefully will help drive the cycle as well to upgrade.
Unidentified Analyst: And then last one, maybe as you take a step back and kind of compare what's going on with the video segment now and think back to maybe what your expectations were like a year ago. What has changed? What's different from your initial thoughts? Whether it be accelerated adoption? Take rates, usage rates? I know the Ferguson event has probably had a pretty significant effect but just trying to get a sense on how things are ramping compared to your initial thoughts?
Dan Behrendt: I think we very pleased with where we’re right now. I would say that couple of things that we find really encouraging, one is that 87% of the deals this quarter were multi-year deals that to me has just been amazing statistics. It shows confidence in our customers continue to execute, it shows confidence that the solution is something that they are going to need long term. This isn't a one year and we will figure out in a year if we really need it. They get it. I think our sales team has done a great job of helping our customers understand the complexities of trying to manage digital evidence on their own without a robust solution behind them. So I think the fact that we’re seeing 75% of the camera sold this quarter were online meaning they bought subscriptions to MSICOM [ph] and then 87% of those bought multi-year deals. I think we’re very encouraged by both of those statistics and we feel compared to our expectations I would say we’re very pleased and meeting or even exceeding our expectations at this point.
Rick Smith: Yes I would add-in as well, look we’re feeling phenomenon right now. I mean five years ago when we started down this path, lot of people thought we were crazy, cops -- lot of people said cops are never going to wear cameras, big brother. I mean we had people use the overwhelming feedback was we will never put our data outside of the four walls of the agency in the cloud.  We’re frankly -- lot of people thought we were kind of crazy and we went through some dark years there I mean this is hard to transfer the business, this has not been an easy transformation what we have built was intense from a capital perspective from an effort and engineering perspective and we went through some dark days, I say about two years ago we had folks in the company asking us, hey, is it time to shut this thing down? Is this thing ever going to scale? Well I think we have that answer now and the great news is when you can see what's coming when the rest of the world doesn’t see it yet that can set up for a great advantage and so what everybody thought was crazy five years ago is now accepted as inevitable and we’re well positioned. I would like to thank our shareholders, some of you guys have stuck with us through those dark days and through the years where we bounced around breakeven to get this done and I got to tell you it feels great right now to have the validation of the market and the validation of the customers and we’re running hard and we’re going to own this thing and we feel like, much like the TASER business, we created it from nothing and we’re going to run hard and I think we can win this, we can run the table. We’re winning every major city right now and I think we may have a couple of blips along the way. Things aren't always sunny and challenge free but as people perhaps few years ago, this could be a very competitive place. There is lots of cameras. People can do software. But this business also has some aspects where if a true market leader emerges there would be a lot of momentum for people to consolidate around that market leader and we got a shot at it, it's not in the bag but in another year or two we could have this really dialed in and locked up and this business is materially more valuable if we have the dominant industry standard than if we are just one of several in the market fragments. So we have sent out message before and we repeat it again, and that is a battle cry for our employees and frankly for our investors. We know that you guys aren't always delighted when we say, hey we’re going to invest more to get this done but when we see the sort of growth possibilities and when Dan talked about that customer acquisition, the long term value number, to me that’s a super conservative approach because we’re just modeling in the customer value with our current products today. Every customer that we’re in we have opportunities to expand with future products with additional premium add-ons. If we started modeling that in, the number increases even further but of course for investors we want to be conservative but in case you can't tell I'm feeling great, and the wins at our back and this is not the time for us to relax and let up, it's time to go for the kill.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Mattson with Ladenburg Thalmann. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann: So I guess keeping on that same thing, same theme, it's nice to see the uptick in new services by some of these other agencies like Salt Lake City and Birmingham, the fire in buildings departments in Miami, curious if those extended use cases are being brought up in other cities. But then also I think we have spoken in the past about next year 2015, you guys are starting to potentially release some new products down that EVIDENCE.com sales channel and was curious how that process is coming along but also is it customer feedback? Is it things that they are asking for and requesting that’s driving the new product development there or is it things that you guys think that the market needs that they don’t know they need yet. So any thoughts on that?
Rick Smith: The introduction of sort of completely new products is slightly delayed. I would say we have made resourcing decisions, for example deploying in England with the London Met, they required some significant work to get that done because we couldn’t use Amazon Web Services long term we had to deploy a local provider that met certain requirements within the UK. So as we have looked at it and we have had to make some prioritization decisions where we have said, you know we got to win every big deal that’s coming across the table right now and so we have invested a little more heavily and we have redeployed some of our engineering resources on making sure -- so a number of our priorities win every big deal. And right behind that is we want to make every one of those customers ecstatic. We look at them now, the successful program that they are bragging about that it's going so well. And that requires a lot of support. I mean the reason we do that is two-fold, these guys all talk to each other that’s going to impact the next deal and then frankly that setting the stage for when we want to come in with our next product and services. Some of which are even just placed with incumbent [ph] systems they have got. Customers sat is typically very low at law enforcement agencies with their existing systems. We think our customer sat is like secret weapon that will enable us to come in with the next generation products as we expand out from our beach head [ph]. So I think we’re doing -- obviously we feel it's the right thing from a discipline perspective to make sure that we have the current business opportunity under control, stable scaling and working and not over-extend ourselves and introduce something else too soon if that means taking resources off of the opportunity at hand. Dan anything you would want to add on that?
Dan Behrendt: No I think you hit that perfectly. That’s great. I think the only thing I would add is, you had a question about sort of digital evidence amount and examples like Salt Lake. I would say that’s definitely something our sales team reinforces with all the customers. We have engineered the system to be a digital evidence management solution, for all digital evidence not just our video. So having customers like Salt Lake, store other digital evidence in there I think makes them referenceable for other customers consider using our product for everything and having all their evidence in one place from a digital perspective. So I think that’s a one more value proposition we offer, we have got good workflow for in just of other products. And some of the partnership stuff we’re working on will certainly allow for other things to be loaded in the system and have all the digital evidence in one place.
Rick Smith: One more thing I would like add, answering the second part of your question, which is are we developing things that customers are asking for? Or are we going to sneak upon them with some new things they don’t they need? We sort of learned our lesson as you will hear many years ago about trying to sneak up on our customers with things that we haven't gotten their feedback. We would always tend to do that, so you’re not going to see something come of the left field that it's just totally out of the blue that we hope law enforcement would like. The engineering team when acquired Familiar last year, they spent four months in the field on right along with cops and go on SWAT calls out and send them to dispatch centers. So it's not just even products, it's about engineers who are in the field with cops taking their feedback in what they need and those are the things we’re building. So it's a very customer driven approach that is not an internal engineering driven approach on all of our new products and services.
Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann: That’s why I think the X26p was a good example of how you guys have moved towards listening to the customers and what a success that product has been.
Rick Smith: The X story is still my favorite TASER we ever made. I have one on my bed side, unfortunately I'm sort of alone in that perspective and you don’t want to have another one of those. So we’re going to make sure it's right for the customer and not right for us.
Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann: Quick from Dan, you mentioned the inventory rise due to some potential I guess new sales or kind of how you see the sales is going to plan out. I guess the inventory rise if it's mostly related to weapons would equate to a revenue number just looking at the year-over-year comparison, is there something to flat to slightly up in Q4 sequentially. I'm curious about how the policy is? I know it's a lot of book and ship business within the quarter, so what kind of look do you get ahead of times that gives you the confidence to build that inventory?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I mean I think one of the things for that makes it a little bit easier is we don’t have a proliferation of SKUs at so it makes a little easier to go heavier on inventory and not worry about ops lessons risk. So certainly as we look at the business especially as Rick indicated we’re making large investments to grow the international business. We expect that to grow faster than the U.S. business over the next few years and become a more meaningful part of the business and certainly the international business as you know tends to be a little bit lumpier, it tends to be punctuated by larger individual deals, so you need to keep a little bit more inventory in order to react and be able to satisfy that customer's demand when it happens. I think on the video side candidly the video business has been so strong, it's been hard to build inventory because the demand has been so strong. So we’re continuing to ramp up the supply chain and make sure that we continue to meet demand both now and in the future.
Glenn Mattson - Ladenburg Thalmann: And last, real quick one, the comment at the end of the top line double digit growth, is that something -- is that a consistent language that you’ve always used or is that a part of your add to the script?
Dan Behrendt: I think we certainly, I think we have felt that way and I think that’s something we talked about at our Analyst Day, a few months and we continue to make the investments to drive that double digit top line growth and we feel with the international business, the video business and a continued upgrade cycle we have a good growth engine and continue to deliver on that.
Operator: And our next question is a follow-up from the line of Greg McKinley. Your line is now open. Please proceed. 
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Just a couple of follow-up items, can you give us any color on your Telesales Group's progress and how that’s impacting U.S. performance?
Dan Behrendt: Yes they are doing, they are just absolutely continue to do exceptionally well. This quarter we had $8 million of Telesales Deals in the quarter. So it continues to be a big contributor for us both in the top line as well as in gross margins because that’s all direct business. So that’s part of the shift and we have seen higher ASPs as well. And again the purpose of Telesales wasn’t necessarily, that’s more of a byproduct of taking more business direct, it's making sure we’re serving that smaller customer that’s typically being underserved by both us and our distributors and those customers are having a great experience with our Telesales.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company:  And then at then Rick at the ICAP Show, you mentioned that you partnered with Aerovironment and iRobot and I thought there was a third company you mentioned but, can you tell me what those partnerships do or how you’re collaborating with them?
Rick Smith: Yes, Aerovironment and iRobot both have devices you know, are autonomous vehicles, either aerial or ground based but they are used for a variety of things whether it's observation, trying to find missing people and something's bomb disposal unit etcetera and all those have video feeds on them that are typically used for real time situational awareness. We’re partnering with them so that those video feed can be fed into EVIDENCE.com and preserved for evidentiary use later. So obviously these incidents where these robots and drones are being used are pretty high risk incident. They are likely to end up in some sort of legal case after the fact and so we’re just making it seamless for our customers and this solves, yes it's a great add-on value for our customers there that they can take that video and rather than bringing it to a disk they can put it into EVIDENCE.com and enjoy all the chain of custody, and sharing and collaborative features that we have got. And the other one is Net Transcripts, they are a transcription company specializes in transcription for law enforcement. So this makes it easy for our customers to click the button and that’s their job to have it transcribed and delivered it back to the agencies so that they have a transcript. You will see a number of additional partnerships that we’re evaluating over the coming quarters and years. So we continue to build out additional functionality for our customers, but really want all their digital evidence in one place and that’s EVIDENCE.com.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: And then I don’t know the degree to which you can comment on this for competitive purposes but you talk about extending EVIDENCE.com features and responding to other needs that agencies have that aren't being addressed yet. Can you give us some more granularity on helping us understand what are those needs and where do you see the bigger opportunities?
Rick Smith: Not really, for competitive reasons and still we aren't ready to announce it up. We don’t want to put it out there and give our competitors a heads up which ways we’re going.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay and then last question, Dan, you had shared on this last quarter 75% of your cameras sold also included an EVIDENCE.com subscription. You’ve quantified camera sales in the past, can you give us a sense for how many licenses are out there either through what's supplied so far or perhaps included in the bookings numbers so we understand how many of those we can look for starting to generate revenue when they are deployed?
Dan Behrendt: We’re not quite ready to disclose that. I would say that we have you can see from sort of the service revenue line that it is growing. We can certainly say it's above -- over 10,000 licenses at this point.
Operator: And with that I'm not showing any more phone questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: All right let's take a couple of questions from Twitter. I will take the first one here, will TASER ever be a dividend stock? The answer to that is we don’t know what the future holds. Certainly it's something that we do consider. We talk about the Board level every quarter about our strategy for our capital structure. As you’ve seen we have been pretty aggressive over the years with buybacks and we’re not shy about returning capital to the shareholders. We’re in a phase right now where we’re letting some capital accumulate just given the opportunities that is ahead of us and frankly the uncertainty -- you know things are moving fast in a target predict the future. So we’re letting the cash balances build up or a big year so that we make sure that we have the assets available to support our plans and if we see opportunities to jump on then we have got the capital available. Right, we have also shown investors that we’re disciplined about this. We remain very careful just because the cash is in the account, certainly we don’t feel like we need to go spend it but that’s something we will continue to evaluate and we will let you if we ever come to conclusion if we think dividend makes sense. At this point we think that might be a little too constraining, because when you start setting a dividend policy, right that’s forever. It creates a long term expectation and right now there was so much opportunity in front of us, I don’t think we’re prepare to constrain our capital usage. Dan?
Dan Behrendt: Yes I have got a second Twitter question, asking it for capacity constraint and all in the next six months. It's a big question, currently we run one shift, four days a week. So you have always had the ability to add shifts on Friday and over the weekend and we have the ability to add a second shift which in fact will double our capacity. So we certainly have a plenty of capacity, we’re constrained at this point. The supply chain continues to ramp up to make sure we have got the raw materials to produce and the manufacturing team is working overtime at this point and certainly has the ability to add a second shift as we move forward. We just have to find the personnel to work the off-hours. But something we’ve done successfully in the past and certainly available to us as we go forward.
Rick Smith: I guess I would wrap up with that, you know if we do give one of these real outsize international orders, short term there could always be an issue with trying to get stuff done in the quarter by the time you got to move supply chain along. But, we wouldn’t certainly over a multi-quarter basis, I don’t think we’re seeing anything from a capacity constraint at least on the hardware side. And we’re hiring software developers right now, so anybody who knows some great software developers, keep sending those in. That might be one area where you might say we’re constrained just in building out the team to continue to extend our lead. So with that we will go ahead and we will wrap up. We have been on for over an hour. I guess calls like this you want to just to let them keep going because we’re having a ball and really enjoying the results we had this quarter. Thank you again to our shareholders who have stuck with us over the years. We’re committed to doing great things here and serving our three stakeholders, our customers, our shareholders and our employees. And with that we’re looking forward to wrapping up the year and we will talk to you all in February on our next conference call. And we will see you at our shareholder meeting next May. Have a great day.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a good day everyone.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Greg McKinley - Dougherty
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 TASER International Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will have a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you very much and good morning to everyone. Welcome to TASER International’s second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings, as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I will turn it back over to Rick.
Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Dan. As a reminder to everyone on the call, we are going to be accepting some questions via Twitter during the Q&A portion, which can be submitted using the hash tag TASR_EARNINGS. To follow our updates on Twitter during the call follow the account at TASER_IR, that’s at TASER_IR. We will be posting graphics and commentary throughout the call. And for those of you without Twitter, all updates and graphics do stream directly to our Investor Relations website at investor.taser.com. The second quarter of 2014 was a busy one for TASER and I am personally excited to share some of the progress and milestones that we had during the quarter. First off, consolidated revenue grew 15.5% year-over-year to $37.2 million on a consolidated basis. This marks the 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year top line double-digit growth. We continue to work hard to aggressively grow the top line and are eager to continue to show our progress and successes throughout the remainder of the year. Traction in the EVIDENCE.com & Video segment continues to accelerate. Most notably, the leading indicator of bookings increased to $11.3 million in the second quarter, which is a significant increase nearly doubling from the run-rate of the past three quarters in the $5 million to $6 million range. There were several major city wins this quarter that contributed to this level of bookings growth including the Winston-Salem Police Department, the Spartanburg County Sheriff’s Office and the San Diego Police Department. Out of the 72 major cities, we now have active deployments in 7 cities with 3 more currently in paid trials and roughly another 10 in some form of pilot or active discussion. We continue to win the competitive deals that we are pursuing. We are aware of only one large competitive procurement, which we lost in the past year. The purchase of cameras and the decision for managing the digital evidence is a highly visible complicated decision for these agencies. It’s not as simple as handing them cameras and sending officers on their way. Their policies must be written and implemented IT departments to work with public relations messaging to be crafted by these cities. Time and again, the largest agencies in the world are choosing TASER and EVIDENCE.com, because we work so closely with command staff and the city to make sure that these implementations and rollout of our solution in particular goes smoothly. Because of this and our continued marketing efforts, we are seeing continued positive indicators for the business. We are also finding that the usage of our EVIDENCE.com solution is growing exponentially. In the second quarter, we saw approximately 950,000 files and 95,000 gigabytes of data uploaded into EVIDENCE.com versus approximately 250,000 files and 20,000 gigabytes uploaded a year ago. See the graph on the three we just sent out, we are seeing an impressive curve in accelerating system usage. Our pipeline of actionable deals is the largest it’s ever been. And in fact the number of request for proposals or RFPs that we have done for cloud and wearables surpassed those for weapons this quarter. Further, initial survey results from our technology summit attendees shows that the soft provoking events are paying off. We found that 98% of attendees would recommend attending a technology summit to a colleague, 72% of the attendees reported that the event helped to remove any objections they have had regarding video and cloud technology and 95% of the attendees reported that after the event they viewed TASER International as the technology company, not a weapons manufacturer. This was a very important shift in perception in our opinion. We want to continue to be seen as a strong partner and a natural choice for agencies to partner with to implement the seismic changes coming to law enforcement in the future through cloud and wearable technologies. Internationally the video business continues to pick up steam following the London Met pilot announced earlier this year. This pilot has spurred interest in several additional markets that look after the Met as a leader in international policing. Further the Brazilian market has now begun adopting our video and cloud products. In quarter, we had received orders from two of the largest agencies in Brazil for initial deployments. We extended our partnership with Amazon to have an instance of their data centers in Brazil as well Dublin so that we can be prepared to be evidence produced and the potential concerns that international customers may have about storing that data in the United States. In addition to Amazon, we are also evaluating other partners with in-country data centers so that we will not be respected by data centre location in our sales process. Our team in the Netherlands continues to set up infrastructure to grow the international part of the business. And we look forward to continuing to share their success in future quarters. We do anticipate that due to the large incremental little jump in Q2 that the third quarter video bookings will fall in the range somewhere between the first and second quarter levels. One way to show why we are excited about the current video business is to look at one recent win. I was talking about San Diego. The San Diego was the major city that will ultimately pay TASER about $4 million over the next five years for the AXON and EVIDENCE.com solution. If for example, they didn’t set upgraded their CEW weapon space X26 we will be recognizing approximately $1.6 million over the same five year period including cartridges, batteries, etcetera. So the AXON and EVIDENCE.com deal creates a five year opportunity which is 2.5 times larger than the CEW opportunity and offers TASER the opportunity to close both of these types of deals. Ten years of benefits in this deal as well they will be realizing a significant return on their investment and gain incremental IT capabilities by making EVIDENCE.com a core to critical systems of the city. This example truly exemplifies why we are so enthusiastic about the current opportunity in front of us. Yes, we are investing for adjacent technologies and new revenue streams of the size of the present opportunity camera on every officer remains unanimous. The TASER Weapons business continues to execute and also showed strong results, delivering revenues that were up 7.9% to $32.7 million. Gross margins continue to be extremely strong at 67.4% for the second quarter. Domestic weapon sales increased 9% year-over-year as well. Internationally while the revenues were a bit lower than the last two quarters which is a result of the lumpy nature of that segment, there were some great wins. We received our first smart weapon sale in Canada following the approval that occurred in Ontario and the completion of a success evaluation of our smart weapon technology by a governmental study. We believe these approvals have now cleared the way for an upgrade of a large install base of all the reference in Canada of more than 10,000 weapons which are right for an upgrade. We think this is a great indication of future international weapons growth. We are also expecting approvals from several additional international markets in the coming quarters which will clear the way for further upgrades around the globe. And finally, there were several international markets we are working on significant programs for new TASER weapon deployments, setting the stage for what we believe will be a record year in international sales. I would also like to provide an update on the highly successful telesales program we launched last year. In short, this telesales team continues to do an outstanding job closing business with smaller law enforcement agencies in weapons and AXON and EVIDENCE.com. In the second quarter they booked approximately $9.7 million in new business. And we saw consistent quarterly growth every quarter since we launched the program. The team is now up to 10 employees and we will be adding one or two more reps who will be focused solely on selling and renewing EVIDENCE.com. We wanted to share their success with investors to help you better understand and model our business. Every quarter, we ship thousands of orders the large majority of them including those were telesales or small orders. And as we all know, small orders can add up very quickly, but they won’t be material in their own right. These small orders will never get announced on the press release and with the telesales function growing and the smallest tier of the market procuring more TASER products that based on small orders looks different today than it did a year and a half ago. We have heard some speculation in the marketplace about pending revenue levels in any quarter based upon adding up the orders announced in the press release. We don’t think this is a very accurate methodology. We have continued and committed to updating the market on our material orders with each part of our business once a month, but caution that due to timing small orders and other factors such as some agencies requesting to refrain from public announcements that the approximation of revenues from these press releases is not a reliable way to estimate revenue performance. Another positive event occurred during the quarter was the addition of the new board member. Bret Taylor, the former Chief Technology Officer of Facebook, the Co-Creator of Google Maps and currently the CEO of Quip joined TASER’s board in early June as a replacement for Dr. Matt McBrady, who unfortunately had to leave our Board focused on his new position of Chief Investment Officer with (indiscernible) Investments. Bret’s background is founded in high-tech and he is widely seen as a thought leader in software and online technology. We think that he will be a great contributor to driving our strategy around our cloud and wearables business. (indiscernible) sequential for joining TASER’s board was shortly after speaking with Hadi Partovi, another tech leader on our board. We took his family on the trip to Disney Land and he saw an officer wearing an AXON Flex in the wild, which bolstered his hunch that TASER was going to be the leader in this space and it was something he wanted to help guide us as a board member. We have a great video with Bret on our EVIDENCE.com website. If you want to learn more about him and his interest in TASER, you can find the link on Twitter now. In March 2013, the company held its first Analyst Day at the NASDAQ marketplace in New York. At that time, we shared TASER’s five-year long-term financial projections for 2017 for both top line and operating results based on a number of underlying assumptions. Our business has evolved rapidly since March 2013. We have seen increasing success in our international sales efforts as well as adoption of our video solutions, particularly by the largest agencies faster than anticipated. We continue to win the vast majority of our competitive bids on larger deals. We also acquired the top notch software development team when we purchased Familiar in the fourth quarter of last year. Because of the traction we are seeing the business as evidenced by the continued significant increases in EVIDENCE.com and AXON bookings, we have continued to expand our investment in marketing initiatives and customer facing roles to enter our ability to compete in the all new video camera and evidence management opportunities. We have also continued our investments in research and development as we developed products and applications in adjacent technologies that will meet the needs of law enforcement. We have the goal of having a highly integrated platform, which offers capabilities that will fundamentally change how law enforcement agencies operate. We feel that our current success is based on our full featured cameras as well as the best in the industry end-to-end solution, which not only captures events on video, but makes the management of digital evidence far easier and more effective thinking feeding solutions. The success, we are seeing in large agencies and in international fronts also creates the opportunity to not only develop new features for our current products, but to launch adjacent products and services with significant additional long-term revenue opportunities. We believe the investments we are making in R&D and sales and marketing will yield long-term results, but at a near and medium term impact the profitability. As a result, we no longer feel that investors should rely on the long-term financial projections we presented at the Analyst Day in March 2013. The company plans by conducting an Analyst Day in future, where we may to take market on our long-term expectations as we gain more visibility on these new opportunities. We continue to be excited about the TASER and EVIDENCE.com and reported hearing more success in the coming quarters. Dan will now go over the financial results in greater detail.
Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Rick. In the second quarter, consolidated sales are $37.2 million, a 15.5% increase from the second quarter of 2013. The increase in sales was primarily driven by our law enforcement weapons handle sales, which increased $2.5 million at the end of the second quarter compared to the prior year. AXON cameras, EVIDENCE.com and TASER CAM sales also grew by $2.6 million to $4.5 million in the second quarter of 2014. Service revenues for the EVIDENCE.com & Video segment increased $0.6 million to $0.9 million in the second quarter compared to the prior year. Including service revenues are approximately $83,000 in professional service revenue for implementation of our solution. These are generally one-time billing to – can introduce some lumpiness into the service revenue line. The legacy X26 CEW declined $2.1 million in the second quarter as a result of the agencies embracing the new smart weapons platform. There are still some international and federal customers who are continuing to purchase the legacy X26 because it’s the only CEW that’s been approved for their market or application. We are working with these customers to get them to review and refer the new smart weapons platform. And at the end of 2014, X26 will be going out of production. While we will support the warranty handles, we will be focused solely on the smart weapons platform going into 2015. The new single-shot smart weapon, the X26P saw a sales increase of d 5.7 million over the second quarter of 2013, which is the main reason why the total handle sales grew by $2.5 million when compared to the prior year. Gross margin for the second quarter was $23.2 million or 62.4% of revenue, which is up from $19.7 million or 61.4% in the prior year. As sales have increased, we continue to benefit from higher operating leverage and due to price increases instituted in the beginning of 2014 as well as more sales being sold directly to the end user through our own distribution channels, we are seeing higher ASPs on our products also improving gross margin. Although, service revenue increased quarter-over-quarter, the cost of service delivery actually decreased by $0.1 million in the second quarter compared to the prior year due to continued benefit of the completion of the depreciation related to capitalization of the EVIDENCE.com software development cost which was only $300,000 recorded previously. Gross margins in the TASER weapons business were especially strong with gross margins as a percentage of revenue in the second quarter of 2014, up 67.4% compared to gross margins of 65.5% in the second quarter of 2013. In the EVIDENCE.com & Video segment, revenues increased $2.6 million to $4.5 million for the second quarter of 2014. The loss from operations in EVIDENCE.com & Video segment worsened to $4.1 million from loss of $2.7 million in the second quarter of 2013 largely due to the increased investment in research and development activities as well as additional sales representatives and marketing expenses for the AXON and EVIDENCE.com products. The good news is the investments in sales and marketing are yielding results. In the past 12 months, we have sold nearly four times the number of cameras as we did in the prior 12 month period. SG&A expenses were $13.5 million versus $10.9 million in the three months ended June 30, 2013. This represents an increase of $2.6 million or 23.8%. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A expenses increased 36.4% for the second quarter of 2014 compared to 34% for the second quarter of 2013. Within this current quarter SG&A, there is approximately $2.2 million related to settlements of commercial litigation cases related to disagreements with two former distributors. Excluding these settlement expenses, SG&A for the second quarter would have been $11.3 million or 30.5% of revenues, compared to the prior year personnel expenses increased by $0.4 million as the company has increased customer facing positions as well as some administrative functions. Expenses also increased related to the TASER-hosted technology summits which take place promote law enforcement awareness, about recent developments in cloud technology in the past year. Increases were also seen in travel expenses as the company works to growth its international presence. These increases are partially offset by lower spending on liability insurance, expert witness fees, and legal fees. We expect to see the elevated spend in SG&A continue through 2014 as initiatives to grow the top line internationally and EVIDENCE.com & Video segment are expected to continue and further infrastructure is put in place. Research and development expenses were $3.5 million for the second quarter of 2014, an increase of approximately $1.5 million when compared to the second quarter of 2013. The increase continues to be primarily driven by the additional personnel expense related to EVIDENCE.com & Video segment basically hiring developers in that segment of the business. And as the team begins development initiatives, expenses will be capitalized until the product launches. However, given the newness of some of these initiatives, the company cannot be certain on the timing of the capitalization or the completion of the development projects as we – and we did not capitalize any development expenses in the second quarter of this year. With the addition of the Familiar team as well as same hires in other research investments in EVIDENCE.com & Video segment, we continue to expect R&D expenses to increase from these levels. We are finding that larger customers such as London Met required additional functionality to our EVIDENCE.com solution and while we are able to roll the step functionality out in more widespread basis of the future has delayed the start developing of some of the new initiatives we had in place. We believe that ensuring that major cities utilizing our solution have the best experience possible continue to solidify our position in the market. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes certain items as detailed in our press release, was $9 million for the second quarter of 2014 compared to $9.5 million in the second quarter of 2013 with the decrease being driven by the higher R&D and SG&A expenses in 2014. Income from operations were $6.2 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared to $6.8 million in the second quarter of 2013. Net income for the second quarter of 2014 was $3.9 million or $0.07 per diluted compared to net income of $4.5 million or $0.08 a diluted share in the prior year second quarter. As we move onto the balance sheet. The company generated $1.7 million of operating cash flow, and we finished the quarter with $59.8 million in cash, cash equivalents and investments. Accounts receivable of $22.1 million were down about $0.4 million from the year balances due to timely collections. Inventory finished the quarter at $50.1 million which is an increase of $4 million from the prior year end balances due to basically increased raw materials and finish goods anticipation of 2014 sales. Total assets at June 30, 2014 were $149.4 million. The total deferred revenue of $24.4 million actually increased $3.9 million for the year end, primarily due to the upgrade program sales of the X26 and X2, which increases our sales extended warranties. Sales of our AXON cameras and EVIDENCE.com solution also contributed $0.8 million of increase as we deferred revenue related to those sales and recognized it over the service life of those deals. The – also contributed increase in the deferred revenue is the TASER insurance plan which has increased the balance from year end by $1.2 million as customers continue to embrace the program for both weapons and AXON cameras. The total liabilities of $37.9 million and the company’s finished the quarter with $110.5 million of stockholder equity. The companies continues to have no long-term debt other than the capital lease and we continue to have the liquidity and strong cash flow engine for core business to fund sales, R&D efforts and operations in the future. As we move onto selected savings of cash flows. The company had cash provided by operations of $6 million for the first six months of 2014. During the first six months, we did have number of settlements for related to litigation that ran through the cash. We had paid $4.5 million on the AA & Saba Consultants case versus TASER and additional $0.8 million on the Turner case. So, there is – both of those cases were a large use of cash in the first half of the year. Net cash from investing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2014 was $14.4 million compared with cash used of $12 million in the same period of prior year. The net cash – use of cash is driven by the net purchases of investments during this time period of $13.1 million. Cash used in financing activities was $7.9 million for the first six months, June 30, 2014 compared to cash used of $17.3 million in the same period last year. The net use of cash is driven by repurchase of $19.6 million we are processing $1.5 million shares. Partially offset by the proceeds of stock option exercises of $7.4 million and excess tax benefits from stock-based compensation of $5.5 million. As we stated in the last quarter, leaving more time to the Q&A portion on the call, we started including the unit sales statistics in this press release for your reference. To wrap up, we are continuing to invest in the business because we are serious about executing on our strategies and providing top-line double-digit growth consistently. We feel these investments are necessary to continue to solidify position in the video business. Investigate and develop adjacent revenue producing opportunities that continue to grow internationally, so we can provide long-term value for our shareholders. And that will take – turn over to the questions. We are now ready to take questions now with the operator instruction.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Good morning, Rick, good morning Dan.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Dan Behrendt: Good morning.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: If I could start in the weapons side of the business I am wondering if kind of the end of license sort of speak of the X26, are you seeing anecdotally did your – you’re seeing anything anecdotally but that’s helping sort of drive the change over the upgrade here. Or do you anticipate that will like Q4, Q1 and actually it does happen?
Rick Smith: Yes, this is Rick. I would say I think we will see that we have greater impact as we get close to the end of the year. I don’t know if it’s had a major impact yet in the deals that we have been working until this point. So it will be interesting to see how this plays out as we get towards the end of the year?
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay and then I noticed in your prepared remarks, you talked about how that’s the X26 is really all of it that is approved in a lot of places internationally, do you anticipate any kind of an air pocket a delay or do you think that they can move in time to keep that fairly continuous?
Rick Smith: We believe we have given sufficient lead time for most major customers, if not all of them to be able to get through the approval process. So we are pretty delighted that Canada sort of got through their approval process this quarter. And some of the other major markets internationally are looking at the issue right now. So I certainly don’t expect to see any air pockets of significance.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. On the video side, I am wondering if not the pure number, if there is any way that you can quantify kind of the number of users that you have on-boarded on to the recurring system, whether it’s quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year, just to get some sense I mean you can kind of see how the service revenue is trending, but anyway of kind of being able to see that would be helpful, anything there?
Rick Smith: I think the best example you will see there is the chart which we had earlier showing system wide usage. We thought that was a good indicator to go and share with investors, Dan do you want to answer about users?
Dan Behrendt: I think you are right I think that’s probably the best metric we can share at this point. I think it shows the fact that it’s not only, I think what’s really important while it’s not only we are selling customers on this solution, but they are actively using it. So when we see almost 950,000 files uploaded in a quarter, obviously this is a solution that’s adding value for those customers. And they are utilizing it.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And can you remind me roughly how big San Diego was in terms of bookings in the quarter?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, just it’s roughly $4 million for the quarter.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. So you still saw some pretty impressive momentum outside of that one large order?
Dan Behrendt: That’s correct.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And then last software question, when would you anticipate we could see kind of some revenue from an adjacent software product, is that a ’14 thing or is that start of next year?
Dan Behrendt: I think its start of next year at this point.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And then one last question just as it relates to the operating expenses, I am assuming at least as we think about it today that all of the legal settlements are sort of behind us, so if you back that and you call it kind of $15 million or so OpEx run rate, I mean is that a good run rate to use with a little bit of growth each quarter or is there a step up here whether it be for video or telesales or anything that’s material that would raise it from that number?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I mean I think it’s good, obviously the settlements have been – had a material impact on expenses this quarter. So because they will sort of use the on a normalized basis to sort of back that out, but on a go forward basis we are going to continue to ramp our SG&A costs as we add sales people for coverage both to grow the video business as well as international. I think we are seeing that there is a large opportunity internationally. We probably underinvested historically. And I think we are addressing that by putting more people in market to assist our distributors to drive that part of the business. And then in the U.S., the fact that we have only lost one competitive situation in last year it tells us that when we have visibility of the deals and can participate we have got a great solution, but we need to make sure we are standing in front of those customers and things aren’t going to other vendors because we are not aware of it. So we are going to continue to invest pretty happily to grow both the international as well as the video sales. And in our R&D, we are going to continue to look for top caliber people because we think we have got a long-term platform play here and want to make sure that – I think what we have seen in this quarter because we are seeing just the traction we get in the business. I think it’s giving us the confidence that we wanted to execute a number of the strategies at the same time versus doing sequentially. So I think you will see both the ramp in both the SG&A and R&D expenses.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Are you able to quantify the magnitude at all Dan I mean are we talking $1 million a quarter for the next couple of quarters or less I mean just I guess some sense of magnitude?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. I mean I think it’s going to depend on how fast we find good people. It’s got a high bar on hiring here. So I think it can certainly be sort of the upper end of that range on a quarterly kind of increase each quarter, but its going to depend on how fast we find good people, but we are definitely – we see a big opportunity here when we continue to expand our investments both on the SG&A and the R&D side.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay, I will hop back in queue. Thanks guys.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Yes, thank you. I guess, I wanted to just make sure I understood a little bit context, Rick, you made the comment that you are not really seeing investors in the longer period of reliance or that, I think you had base case, ball case and bare case scenario from the Analyst Day. What are the maybe puts and takes around that comment? Is it where are you seeing the differences in those potential scenarios and why that changed?
Rick Smith: Well, I would – and I will let Dan give a little color after my initial comment here. We certainly is mostly around the expense level, I would say, in the video business. We could still manage the business to hit those ranges, but we would come to conclusion that’s not the optimal strategy for the business that we believe we are more likely than not going to be investing more heavily, particularly again for the reasons of there is a lot of additional work to winning these big agencies. We have got a lot of additional requirements. And then internationally, there is some additional cost of complexity both around sales support and having to deploy internationally in some cases outside of the Amazon ecosystem, which means there is more engineering to be done to make that work.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay.
Rick Smith: But those are the right things to do for the business. So, I would say, we, in general, believe the opportunity is greater than it was 18 months ago, the leases coming into focus as we are seeing more success. But we believe the right thing for the business will likely be to invest at higher levels, not only in existing business that exists today, but also in some of these agencies, one of the great things about EVIDENCE.com frankly compared to our TASER Weapons business. From the TASER Weapon business, it’s not as clear what are the revenue streams around the weapons, whereas with the software once we are in EVIDENCE.com, there is a whole host of additional extensions and we believe it becomes each sale becomes easier to the agencies, we can opt for more integrated services on one platform. And so investing in those opportunities to grow the overall size of business, we believe this is the right strategy and so we thought it was appropriate to share that with investors at this point. Dan, do you have any other color you would want to add?
Dan Behrendt: I think that’s right. I think we are – I think the – maybe ironic part is I think it’s because we are – this business is, we are getting tractions faster, especially with larger agencies, typically larger agencies can be a little bit slower to move to a new technology. We have seen an offset with video cameras and I think that’s encouraged us to make bigger investments and as a result we think sort of the profit targets we laid out, we don’t want sort of people to rely on those numbers, we don’t want to sort of be hamstrung with the investments we are making to feel what we think will be a very successful business in the video as well as growing the international part of the CEW business.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you. And then yes, I wonder if you can talk about how you are viewing the domestic market right now, I think you indicated domestic weapon sales were up about 9% year-over-year in the first – in the second quarter, sorry, obviously continue to get it older and older installed base. Sequentially, things are maybe flat from Q1 to Q2, any color you can give us on how you view that incremental agency upgrading versus what might have been the case, I don’t know three, six, nine months ago?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I think we continue to feel very good about our business there. I think that’s certainly a large installed base. We think that we are going to continue to message to customers that the fact that we think the most appropriate thing for them to do is to proactively replace their TASERs before they break and replace them. We think we have got attractive upgrade programs in place still to drive them. So, I think the good news from my perspective is that regardless of whether so many things to five years is the appropriate useful life or it’s six or seven eventually all weapons get to that age. And the upgrade opportunity in front of us continues to grow at this point I would say that we are continuing to see that total opportunity actually grow faster, because we are probably upgrading less units in the year versus how many units hit that 5-year mark.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Yes.
Dan Behrendt: So – and I think we talked a little bit earlier, I think the X26 going end of life, I think will help, we saw that with the M26, I think sometimes it gave us our agencies little bit of political cover that can go back to their city councils and command staff and say hey, the product we have is it even supported by the manufacturer anymore. And I think that, that can help to drive it. So, we hope that as we go into next year that, that’s one more thing that sort of helps. But the domestic CEW business is pretty much where we expected to be. I think that we had a couple of years of significant growth as the upgrade started. And I think that I think the significant growth as we go forward from this point is going to be driven by the international expansion, but the U.S. business continues to be a solid base to build the both international strategy on top of as well as the video strategy.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay, thank you. And then Rick you mentioned $9.7 million of revenue is generated from telesales, I have heard you guys mentioned numbers in the past anywhere from sort of that $3 million to $5 million range, can you give us the sense where that was maybe a year ago, so we understand how quickly that’s growing?
Rick Smith: Yes, I don’t have the numbers in front of me as I sit here. I can tell you it’s been pretty consistent upward trajectory every quarter in a fairly linear fashion since we first launched telesales.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay.
Rick Smith: Dan, do you have the numbers handy to give a little more color on that?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, it’s up $5 million.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay.
Dan Behrendt: So, yes we have seen as Rick said that’s been pretty consistent growth engine for us. I think that they encouraged us me, I think part of it, I think some of this is actually wide space growth. I think dealing with some of these smaller customers are probably underserved by ourselves as well as our distributors and now it’s calling on them, explaining the product, I think we are helping to expand the use of the weapons from maybe predecessors only at the supervisor level, because of the amount of sort of current feeding we can give these customers, I think we are helping to grow to patrol issue product versus maybe something there is only at the supervisor. So, I think that’s helping with their growth as well.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Great. And then just last two questions, you shared some comments seven major city deployments, but I think you also shared how many major cities are testing? And then could you also just revisit Brazil for a moment, what are you doing differently with AXON and EVIDENCE.com down there than you are in the U.S.? Thank you.
Rick Smith: Yes. So, we have 7 of the major cities that are in what we would call active deployments at some sort of scale. I believe we have another 3 major agencies that are in effectively paid trials. And then we have got around another 10 that are in some form of either a free trial or active discussions, whether it’s RFPs and other indications that they are in an active purchasing cycle.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay. And then what were your comments regarding Brazil?
Rick Smith: So, in Brazil, in your question specifically was what’s different in Brazil than in the U.S.?
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Yes.
Rick Smith: Well, number one, virtually every international market wants their data stored outside of the United States due to Patriot Act issues. So, in Brazil, we have setup and we are running on in-country servers within the Amazon ecosystem and of course the entire solution had to be ported or translated into Portuguese. So, those are the primary differences and then of course we have been hiring and deploying sales and support staff down in Brazil to support the AXON and EVIDENCE.com solution.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay, thank you.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, speakers, I am not showing any further questions in the queue.
Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer: So at this point, I am going to take a question that came in from Twitter and I believe it’s from (indiscernible) now the prices for body and flex have increased since the beginning of July, is that a sign of confidence in the market space? Well, the early adopter in leaders’ pricing programs has been very successful in rewarding agencies that won additional financial incentives to realize the benefits of body-worn video. We actually announced the pricing would be at its lowest levels initially and then would slowly increase over time to more normal levels. And that was intended to really help reward those agencies that move first. It took a leadership position, which is why we called it the leaders’ pricing promotion. There will be I believe one or two more pricing step ups in the future. So, there are still incentives for people to continue to move more expeditiously. So, as bookings ramp in the number of large agency wins and deployments are showing that we believe this state is moving from sort of the early adopters into the mainstream. So, with that, I think we are going to ahead and wrap up the call for today, certainly continue to contact us through ir@taser.com or through Twitter etcetera. Obviously, we are very excited about the progress that we are making particularly in AXON and EVIDENCE.com and I would refer you back again, those of you that track tech companies probably the most important factor you would want to look at is user adoption and we tweeted out the curve there showing utilization of the system, which again is pretty rewarding for us to see our customers are continuing to accelerate their utilization of what we have built. We look forward to joining you all again in another few months to report on our third quarter. And again, we like to thank our shareholders for your patience over the years as we have invested heavily to build out this new business segment. It’s really exciting to see it crossing over to the mainstream. With that, everybody have a great day and thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Have a good day everyone.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer Dan Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Mark Strauss- J.P. Morgan Greg McKinley - Dougherty Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the TASER International Inc. Q1 2014 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today’s conference, Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. Sir, the floor is yours.
Rick Smith: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the TASER International first quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings, as well as our other SEC filings on our website www.taser.com. With that, I will turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Thank you, Dan. As a reminder, we are going to be accepting some questions via Twitter during the Q&A portion of the call, which can be submitted using the hash tag TASR_EARNINGS, again that hash tag TASR_EARNINGS. To follow our updates on Twitter during the call follow the account at TASER_IR, this is at TASER_IR. We’ll be posting graphics and commentary during the call. For those of you without Twitter all updates and graphics stream directly to our Investor Relations website at investor.taser.com. I’m eager to share with you our investors the results of our hard work from the first quarter on today’s call. First off, we grew revenue 18.9% to $36.2 million, compared to $30.4 million in the first quarter of 2014. This marks the ninth consecutive quarter of year-over-year topline double-digit growth. We also made historical record in international revenue, recognizing $10.6 million on a consolidated basis. Workings in the EVIDENCE.com & Video segment on the third quarter in excess of $5 million. We continue to work hard to aggressively grow topline and we are excited to continue to share our progress and successes throughout 2014. I will review the progress in each of TASER’s three core strategies today. Those strategies being, number one, international expansion, number two, CEW or weapons upgrade, and number three, gaining dominate market share in the cloud computing and wearable technology space for public safety. I’ll start by discussing the traction that we are seeing internationally. We are seeing the results of our investments start to pay-off of smart weapon upgrades in our primary focused territories. Further, we are seeing growing interest internationally for AXON and EVIDENCE.com products. The London Metropolitan Police arguably the most influential law enforcement agency in the world and certainly outside of United States will be rolling out a 500 unit pilot program of our cameras and EVIDENCE.com, which TASER won after a competitive bid process. We are looking forward to working with the London Met, make sure the pilot goes well and that we can extend the program with them. One thing to note is that this is basically an unpaid trial with no associated revenue. These successes are the results of hard work as we are bring TASER experience to our international customers. One way of doing this is to what we call technology summits which have been tremendously successful here domestically. Through these tech summits, we bring in technology leaders to speak about the rise of cloud and internet technologies and wearable, and how it is going to change the way this leasing is done. It reiterates that we are here to be thought partner for our customers as they enter this new technology age increasing. Internationally, we have localized this tech summits bringing in local experts and studies to continue the technology discussion. We think these are very valuable tool in driving not only international success but success in the EVIDENCE.com & Video segment specifically. We are continuing to invest in other ways as well. We are very excited to announce the hire of Ron Brandt as our new Vice President of International Product and Services. Ron was the former Chief Technology Officer on major projects at T-Systems. He brings a wealth of experience in deploying major cloud-hosted systems into large international organizations. We believe his skills, his strategic insights will be key in winning large international agencies with EVIDENCE.COM. We are excited to welcome Ron on the TASER team and look forward to sharing the successes of his team in the future. Also a significant announcement is our plan to open a new European headquarters in the Netherlands. We will be extending our direct sales team abroad through this office and plan to have an up and running in the second half of this year. In summary, the results internationally have been strong for two quarters in the row now and while this market is still very depended on large deals. It can be quite lumpy in nature. We have a strong outlook for the remainder of the year. Attraction in the EVIDENCE.COM & Video segment continues to accelerate as well, as we saw EVIDENCE.COM and AXON bookings saw its third consecutive quarter of bookings over $5 million. EVIDENCE.COM & Video segment GAAP revenues in the first quarter grew 52.6% to $3.7 million compared to last year’s first quarter. We think this is evidence to sustain power of our cloud-based and wearable electronics business, and while we don’t expect this group to always be consistently up and to right during the -- especially during this early stage, we are very excited about the continued strength of bookings in the recent quarters. Within the Board, there were several notable deals including the follow-on order from Fort Worth. These large follow-on orders were perhaps most important indicator of success, showing the large agencies are seeing great value in the system, Fort Worth did an initial paid trial with 50 cameras then in this quarter, they subsequently expanded their deployment from 50 to 400 cameras. They heavily testing and using initial deployment of 50 cameras, Fort Worth saw the benefits of wearable technology and ease of managing (indiscernible) through EVIDENCE.com. These large agencies understand the efficacies of large scale digital evidence management and know that it is not just about buying a camera. As a result they are choosing the AXON and EVIDENCE.com as a complete system. We are working hard to continue to demonstrate law enforcement professionals at EVIDENCE.com use technology that will make the administrative type of law enforcement far more user friendly, cost effective and efficient, as well as reducing litigation cost for tax payers and providing accountability to the public. We spoke about technology-focused event that we have been hosting and we are finding large agencies from the major cities are attending in disproportionately high numbers. We find this to be incredibly encouraging that the discussion of moving towards the cloud is really here to stay and its accelerating. The focus is to continue to invest these initiatives to aggressively drive topline growth and become the standout leader, as well as the thought leader in this field. As an update to the progress was next-generation products team. They have been -- they have completed some really interested research in this field with our customers to define what the next prospects should be for product development. The team has also established a real technology center of excellence within the company. We have significantly extended our software development talent. We expanded our Seattle office as a result. We have now more than 25 employees working on that team today. Seattle is hard better talent and really look forward to continuing to growth that team in 2014, accelerating our development efforts. As I just mentioned, large agencies are moving faster than anticipated towards our solutions. Large agencies are highly educated and require more sophistication and features than the small agency does. Our next-generation product team is working hand to hand with these larger agencies to develop the features necessary for them to get up and running on our systems smoothly and effectively. So although team is prototyping options for new products, they are also very hard at work making sure the experience our customers get today ensures these customers are there for the long haul and that we continue to provide a great experience when it comes to verbal technologies and cloud solutions. We will continue to update on the teams accomplishment as we move through 2014. We see 2014 as the year the things are going to move forward at full throttle with EVIDENCE.com solidifying market share. We are out to grow on this space and to grow it fast. The recurring subscription revenue opportunities created very high potential life time value for every customer. Further, EVIDENCE.com festival becomes natural customer for future cloud-based products. The more services each customers are using more likely they are to adopt additional services from our virtual cycle. We are adding capabilities with one integrated platform, it’s easier and easier largely going out to outside the vendors. In this virtual circle the lifetime potential of every customers far more significant. At the front end of this business, there is a high level of investment required with revenues being deferred over the length of the contract. There is an inherent loss period until a critical massive customers is achieved. Our philosophy and breakeven in investment is as long as the business is growing and the size that our product is going to work we continue to invest. If the growth in the business slows then we can pull back on our investments. We’re managing our EVIDENCE.com & Video business with aggressive investment to drive top-line growth and seize maximum market share now as the market is forming. We continue to believe the biggest we could make would be to under invest in creating market share now. The TASER Weapons business continues to execute and show strong results, delivering revenues that were up 16% to $32.5 million year-over-year. The first upgrade continues, but starting 2014 we are introducing incentive to promote the TASER insurance plan in conjunction with customer upgrades. The normal trading credit for the first quarter was $85, plus an agency signed for cap, again TASER service plan, they would receive an additional $100 credit per unit. In the second quarter, this is $75 for upgrade. But the additional $100 for signing up for taps is the same. And to refresh your memory the TASER insurance plan a lot of agencies do make equal installment payments over the period of a 5 year contract. At the end of that contract period, the customer receives a new weapon. Along the life, customer realizes other benefits as well including white glove, customer service plan and full warranty coverage and onsite test. We are passionate about helping our customers’ budget for their future CEWs and their program, capitalize our customer having predictable and manageable expense that is now consistent during the contract period and results in an upgrade 5 years from now. So we sell (indiscernible) locking upgrade in five years and the customer receives both savings and budget predictability. It’s a real win-win. We still believe there lies a large opportunity ahead to upgrade agent weapons as well as to sell more in to those agencies that don’t CEW on every opposite, In our north America weapons business which is in a more mature phase than our spa business we are focused on operational and driving long-term profitable growth. Income from operational were up in business increased to 29% of revenue in the first quarter compared to 24% in the prior year.  To wrap up before Dan goes over to financial results in greater depth, exciting things continue to happen here at TASER and I am looking forward to sharing more success in the coming quarters ahead.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. As Rick indicated, first quarter consolidated sales were $36.2 million, which represent 18.9% increase from the first quarter of 2013. The increase in sales was primarily driven by the continuation of the upgrade cycle with agencies upgrading to the newer X26P Smart Weapons, which contributed $7.9 million in the first quarter. AXON Cameras and EVIDENCE.com sales also grew by $0.8 million to $2 million in the first quarter. Sales of TASER (indiscernible) contributes $2.5 million in the first quarter result from the large international order that were shipped during the quarter. The X26, CEW declined 1.1 million as expected as agencies moved to the new smart weapon platform but we still have some international and federal customers that continue to buy legacy products while they get the newer X26 platform approved for purchasing their markets. Gross margin for the first quarter was $22.2 million or 61.4% of revenue, which is up from $18.5 million or 60.6% in the prior year. A sales of increased would continue to benefit from higher operational leverage due to price increase instituted at beginning of 2014 and more sales being sold directly to the end user rather than to distribution channels we’ve also realized higher average prices on a products also the improving gross margin. Although service revenue has increased quarter-over-quarter, the cost of service delivered decreased $0.2 million the quarter compared to the prior year due to the continued benefit fro the completion and depreciaton relate t to the capitalization of Evdent.com software which was running $300,000 previously. In EVIDENCE.com & Video segment revenues increased 1.3 million and 3.7 million for the first quarter of 2014. Loss from operational at EVIDENCE.com & Video segment actually worsened to $4.6 million from a loss of $1.5 million in the first of 2013 largely due to the increased investment in research and development activities as well as additional sales reps and additional market expenses for the AXON and other EVIDENCE.com products. We expect the currency levels of spend to continue to increase through 2014 as we work to gain market share and aggressively grow the top line as well as invest in new products and features. Sales, general and administration expenses were 13.7 million in the first quarter compared to 11.2 million in the first quarter last year. As a percentage of sales SG&A expenses were 38% of net sales in the first quarter of 2014 compared to 36.7% in net sales for the first quarter of 2014. Compared to the prior year personal expenses increased 0.5 million as a result of strategic hires that we made over the last year primarily in customer facing role such as sales representatives, caller sales, customer service and account management, field services, but also incremental administration functions. Commission expense also increased in the quarter without the high sales in the quarter increased number of sales reps in the field and a greater percentage of our sales being conducted directly through our sales box versus through distribution. Sales and marketing expenses increased year over year due to tradeshow expenses associated with TASER-hosted technology summit as Rick talked about earlier, as well as other customer facing events in order to continue contribute the benefits of our products to wider number of customer. In the first quarter we did settle turner case for 3.4 million which is a $2.1 million savings from the $5.5 million judgment that was a vacated on a field. Insurance will pay 2.7 million and stays responsible for the remaining $0.7 million. The $0.7 million is included in the first quarter SG&A figure. We expect to see elevated strength in SG&A continues through 2014 as initiative to grow top line internationally as well as the EVIDENCE.com and Videos are executed and further infrastructure put in place. Research and development expense were 3.6 million for the first quarter of 2014, an increase of approximately 1.69 million compared to the first quarter of 2013. As forecasted last quarter the increase is primarily due to additional personnel expenses related to EVIDENCE.com & Video segment development initiatives. Earlier as we indicated on the class the team is finalizing plans around the involvement so as a result of that we did not capitalize any of the expenses incurred during the quarter. As we begin development initiatives expenses will be capitalized until the product launches. However, given the newness of these initiatives company cannot be certain of the exact timing of capitalization, but we will be capitalizing some of the costs associated with the new product development. With addition of the similar team, as well as expand hires in other research investment in EVIDENCE.com & Video segment, we continue to expect increase from these levels. The investments are being made, accelerated both and sales of adjacent technologies as well as new products. Adjusted EBITDA which excludes certain items as detailed in our press release were 7.2 million for the first quarter of 2014 compared $7.7 million in the first quarter of 2013 with the decrease be driven by higher R&D and SG&A expenses in 2014. Income from operations were $4.9 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared to $5.3 million in the first quarter of 2013. Net income for the first quarter was $3.4 million or $0.06 per share on both basic and diluted basis, which is basically in line with last year’s results as well. Income taxes were $1.5 million in the first quarter. Effective tax rate for this first quarter is 30.6%, which is unusually low. The company’s tax rate in Q1 was reduced by set of stock option deductions for disqualifying dispositions of set of stock option exercises in the quarter. Excluding those benefits which are difficult to forecast, our effective tax rate would have been approximately 39%. And we continue to think that’s a good number to use for the remainder of 2014. Moving onto the balance sheet. In the first quarter of 2014, the company’s generated $4.3 million of operating cash flow, which we drove our cash balances up to $77.5 million for cash, cash equivalent and investments. Accounts receivable of $20.5 million were down $2 million from the year balances due to timely collections. Inventory actually grew $2 million to $13.3 million for the prior year balances due to increased stock of raw materials anticipation of 2014 sales. Our investment in property, plant and equipment of $18.4 million is actually down $0.6 million from the year balances, basically driven by depreciation expense of $1 million, offset by new CapEx in the quarter of $0.4 million. CapEx is primarily for production equipment as well as some computers and some other investments in technology around the expanding of employee base. Accounts payable of $7 million which is approximately up $0.8 million for the year balances, just driven mostly by that increase in inventory. Total deferred revenue of $21.5 million has actually increased $1.3 million for the year end, primarily due to the upgrade program which -- with X26P and X2 which includes an extended warranty. We also had the sales of the AXON cameras since that cost solution has also contributed $0.4 million to that increase as we deferred revenue related to those deals. We’ll recognize again over the service period. Total liabilities of $41 million and the company’s best quarter was $123.8 million of stockholder’s equity. Companies continue to have no long-term debt other than the capital lease and continue to have funding liquidity in cost and the strong cash flow engine in our core business to fund our sales, R&D efforts and operations in the future. As we move onto selective information for cash flows. The company had cash provided by operations of $4.3 million during the first quarter of 2014. Net cash used in investment activities for the three months ended March 31, 2014 was $12.3 million compared with cash provided $1.2 million in the same period last year. The net use of cash is driven by purchases in investments made during the first quarter. Cash provided by financing activities was $10.9 million during the first quarter compared to cash used in financing activities of $3.3 million in the same period last year. The net cash generation was driven by proceeds from employee option exercises of $7.3 million as well as excess cash benefits from stock-based compensation of $4.7 million. As we stated in the last quarter, we’ll leave more -- to leave more time for Q&A on the call, we started including the unit sales statistics in this press release. To wrap up, our continued investment in the business because we are serious about executing on our strategies and providing top-line double-digit growth consistently. We feel these investments are necessary to continue solidify our market condition in the video business. Investigating involves the revenue producing opportunity and to continue to grow internationally. So we can provide long-term value for our shareholders. And with that we’ll take questions from the audience. If you could go ahead and make the announcements for the questions, that would be great.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Rick Smith: Good morning Steve.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: I think in the past you have given a metric just regarding the percentage of five plus year old handles in the field that you have thought have been upgraded at that point. Do you have that sort of updated?
Rick Smith: Yeah. Steve, it’s become difficult to track that. I think we still feel like there is a majority of weapons out of five years still remain to be upgraded. And that number continues to grow. But we don’t have that exact percentage. It’s been tough to track because of the -- as we’ve reduced the trading price, we have a number of customers that are just going through that upgrades without actually trading into old weapons. So it’s been become difficult to track that. But we still think that a majority of the weapons in the field that are over five years old remain to be upgraded.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. In the international business, obviously, it was great to see again this quarter but I think if you back it out at employees that the North American business was actually down year-over-year which seems unusual at this point in the upgrade cycle. Anything kind of one time there that we should look at whether it was big order that slipped or was done last year, I don’t know if there was anything in particular last year that would have driven that?
Rick Smith: This is Rick. I think in the general there is a -- the first quarter tends to be a little bit seasonally weak compared to the fourth quarter. And the second quarter is just based on budget cycles. So I don’t know if there was anything particularly that standout as I can sort of typical seasonality.
Dan Behrendt: I think, it’s just -- as you know, the business is sort of subject to a little bit of lumpiness driven by larger deals and that deal flow quarter-to-quarter can certainly have an impact. But we still feel like the -- North American business has been driven a lot by the upgrade and we continue to see finding of plenty of them continue to see that contribute.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. Moving over to the video business, I know that the actual video service revenue was flat quarter-over-quarter and actually declined from Q3. And maybe I guess, what I would assume is in that, there is a lot of, kind of, the cloud service revenue which I would expect to be modestly growing as you get more people on the network. Is there something else in there? Is there a reason why that number wouldn’t be more linear?
Rick Smith: Yeah. This is Rick. In the first quarter, we spend a lot of quarter, just sort, of scoring up to the basket as you’d say given our feet under as getting a lot of the agencies last year really scaling up and running because we don’t really recognize the service revenue until these agencies are alive. A lot of the larger and more recent orders are either getting get live or very late in the quarter or during the Q2. So it was mostly just around your execution in making sure that our existing customers were having a lot of success as we continue to build out our capabilities to bring these larger agencies online.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: But why would that have been down call it from two quarters ago. I mean, just regardless you think you’d have more agency sort of on the system and up and running now than you did in Q3?
Rick Smith: This can also include some of the professional services that we build on bringing agencies life. So, a net decline that was most likely that we add some larger professional services in the prior quarter.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: That’s right. Okay. I noticed you broke out XREP and I don’t recall and all the time I have covered the company, you guys breaking that out and it was a very sizable number. Any color around why that was the case this quarter?
Rick Smith: Yeah. Actually that represented a single large international order for the XREP products. So it’s a -- as you correctly point out, it’s not a product we talk about a lot but it’s a product we continue to sell internationally and we had a large international order that was shipped in Q1. It’s certainly one of the contributors to that record sales for international this quarter and just because it was such a large amount, we didn’t want to, sort of, jam in into other to make other look unusually large. So we did break it out.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Yeah. Okay. And the last question for me and I’ll hop back in the queue. SG&A, it sounds like $700,000 or so of legal settlement in there, as well as some tradeshow stuff that maybe sounds like it won’t be recurring. So, I know it’s going to be an elevated level of spend. But would you expect to spend in SG&A to be kind of lower than that $13.7 million number on a quarterly basis going forward by some amount?
Rick Smith: There is certainly, the 0.7 in legal is certainly kind of, on a normalized basis, we were closer to $13 million. But from that level we will continue to make investments to grow both the international businesses as well as the video business. So in some respect, I think the unusual items will be replaced by just sort of normal spend as we increased our customer-facing roles for both video and international.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with J.P. Morgan. Your line is now open. Please proceed.
Mark Strauss- J.P. Morgan: Yeah. Good morning. This is actually Mark Strauss on for Paul. Thanks for taking the questions. Going back to -- and just following upon on Craig’s question on the international sales. We were kind of bumping along in the lower single to mid single-digit millions. In the last couple quarters, we’ve been north of 10 here and obviously understanding there's a lot of lumpiness in the business quarter-to-quarter. Can you think this is kind of a more sustainable level now, or do you think that’s obviously the target but there were some one-time things in the last couple of quarters and more sustainable in mid single-digit millions?
Rick Smith: Yeah. It’s a good question. I think certainly, I mean, that’s one of the track that’s making out things within international sales as they tend to be larger deals in general. Our average ticket size international is about 10 times as big as our average domestic orders. So it tends to be lumpy as a result, but at the same time I think we’ve certainly been investing heavily over the last couple of years to grow the international business. I think we are seeing some of that payoff at these higher levels. You are right. Some of this is, whether we are going to have $10 million a quarter consistently is absolute normal, it kind of remains to be seen. But certainly as Rick said earlier on the call, we feel good about the international business in general. We’ve got a good pipeline there and we expect to grow that part of the business year-over-year.
Mark Strauss- J.P. Morgan: Okay. Thanks. And then it’s been about a year and half since you had your Analyst Day and you provided the 2017 targets. Just wanted to see if there is any update to that or at least on the video business? Just if there's kind of a wide range for that 2017 target and I guess what you are tracking versus your upside?
Rick Smith: I think we are tracking pretty well certainly on the topline. We are tracking well. I think we fell still very comfortable sort of the topline projections for the video business and certainly in the base case as we -- certainly is looking pretty solid and we are tracking well to that base case now. And I think the pessimistic case is looking more pessimistic with last three quarters of results. But as far as the topline, I think we still feel pretty comfortable with the topline from that presentation.
Mark Strauss- J.P. Morgan: Okay. That’s it for us. Thank you very much.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty. Your line is now open.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Yeah. Thank you. The TASER Assurance Plan, can you give us a sense for how significantly that has been used by customers to date, how many devices have been sold under that program?
Dan Behrendt: Greg, this is Dan. It’s pretty -- in that sense, it would be little bit lumpy but it is certainly an area that we really have a focus on at TASER. The ability to sort of make the purchases at TASER technology would be more of line item and the budget would be pretty consistent every year. It is certainly something that’s beneficial for our customers and long-term would be beneficial for us as well. The ability to also lock in the next upgrade is attractive for us and for the customers, it takes away sort of the challenge of finding that budget dollars for capital, another capital purchase in five years. So as Rick mentioned earlier, we’ve actually are operating incentive of a $100 per handle right now for people to when they upgrade their current, their last generations CW to the new platforms, which is a $100 incentive for them to upgrade and join TAP at the same time. Any given quarter, we’ve had quarters where we’ve had thousand units to TAP or little north of a thousand. So it’s still sort of less than 5% of our purchases include TAP but that’s certainly something we would like to see over time increase.
Rick Smith: It’s really a bit of a new thought process for some of our customers. I would also add that we are seeing some success frankly with TAP right now in the smaller agencies than in some of the larger agencies just from a market dynamics perspective. But that’s obviously an area of focus for both our marketing and our sales team to continue to increase the launch rate.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay. Thank you. And then just getting back to the North American upgrade cycle, I was looking back over the last couple of years and just adding up the units of electronic controlled devices that have been sold business to the whole company, not just North America. But going back to 2011, they were 64,000, in ’12, they were 78,000 and ’13 you guys did 92,000. And I think you said, you still think the majority of those five-year device that are still out there and have been upgraded. Given what you are sensing from the market, are we still in a rapid growth phase for North America on electronic controlled devices with budgets may be loosening up a little bit plus the upgrades, or are we sort of more steady states even though upgrades currently may not necessarily generate significant year-over-year growth like it has in the last few years? Wondered if you can just give us some thoughts on that?
Rick Smith: That’s a good question. I think there is certainly room to continue to grow, although we’ve seen as you know really strong growth two years in a row in the North American part of the business. So part of the challenge is, we are continuing to stay at those elevated levels and then grow from there. And certainly that we see the opportunity as you mentioned, budgets are gaining little bit, are opening up a little bit that if that installed based continues to age. So a five year old product two years ago was now seven years old and certainly I think our customers appreciate the fact that this is a key piece of life saving technology and it not only protects life of the officers but also saves lives of the people interacting with. So they want to make sure that it is time to use that product that it’s going to work and proactively replacing the product is the best way to ensure that and so. I think it is -- we certainly see there is still room. It’s still a ready market for upgrades and we continue to press that message with our customers.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay. Thank you. Just getting back to operating expenses for a moment. So, what I think I heard from you is with $700,000 legal settlement that’s non-recurring, so maybe on an adjusted basis G&A was more in that $13 million range. But it will likely gravitate back towards that, that full kind of upper $13 million dollar range as the year progresses. So please correct me if I’m wrong on that and then from an R&D standpoint, would 3.6 also represent a level from which we will likely be growing or is that more of a run rate basis?
Rick Smith: I think on the first one, SG&A, that’s exactly right. We expect that $13 million is kind of normalized and we will continue to grow from that level. And R&D, I think will also grow from the three sticks this quarter although there will be some offsets from capitalization of new product development cost but I think overall, we do expect that numbers to also grow from these levels throughout 2014.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question in the queue comes from the line of Glenn Mattson. Your line is now open. Please proceed with your question.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company: Hi, everyone. Question on North America, it was still kind of a smaller percentage of very large deals in the quarter. Has the pipeline for large deals generally speaking, are they still out there to work on?
Rick Smith : Yeah. I mean, I think we still have a good pipeline both and really across all three focusers for the business, international, the North American upgrade as well as the video business. So, I think, certainly, lots of large cities that made purchases in the past that remain to be upgraded. So that’s something that we continue to focus on with our customers.
Dan Behrendt: One thing that obviously -- you just pointed out is we’ve seen a lot of growth being generated in these bottom 80% of the market with our telesales effort that we’ve launched, was about two years ago. And now that’s just continued to be a real growth driver for us. Again, the first caution is I think, it tends to be a little weaker on the larger deals because they send out more sort of budget cycles as we get in the fourth or second quarters. And now I was trying to think back on the question. Really, I think last year we may have had one or two sort of larger deals in the first quarter than we had this year. So good news is that telesales is really adding some more consistency to our growth and it’s obviously a more predictable because you get a large -- sorry, the large numbers kicks in with that telesales effort. But we do feel very good about the pipeline for large deals for the balance of the year.
Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: And then on the investment in Familiar, have you -- now that that’s kind of being absorbed and work with the team, is there any timeframe as to when you expect some products out of them, is it later this year or more in 2015?
Rick Smith: At this point, we don’t have firm dates. We just really come out of the research base. We’re prototyping a number of sort of different options to continue to iterate and receive customer feedback. One thing, I would tell you, the Familiar acquisition has been just phenomenal for the organization. It’s created a real sort of center of mass in the Seattle market and just through the Familiar guy’s networks we’ve hired, I think another five to seven really solid people that are coming and really help build out our teams. So it’s not only affected our ability to generate new products but it’s really improved our overall engineering talent base in our core EVIDENCE.com business as well. So we couldn’t be happier with the acquisition and we’re very excited to see a new firm sort of research phase. We are now in the prototyping phase and then in the product development and some great new stuff.
Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And we have a follow-up from the line of Greg McKinley. Your line is now open. 
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Yeah. Thank you. Just a numbers question I had at the segment level. It looked to me like within video, the cost of product, not the cost of service but the cost of product relative to revenues had gone up quite a bit. Is that -- what’s driven that? Is that more body versus flex or…
Rick Smith: That’s exactly right. As you see in the quarter, we had a large number of body camera which are great. I mean we sold. That continues to be a strong driver for video and certainly kind of reinforces that that was a good decision to launch that product. But that does -- the gross margins on body can be lower than flash is because the average selling price is about half as much on average and as result its got a lower -- its got a higher cost of sales with percentage of the total sales. I think its kind of mix issue.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Thanks. And then, can you give us some more color on the bonding relationships. It sound to me like it was a competitive bit but you also stated it was on paid trial. So let me just walk through with this, how you end up getting in there and what are the prospects so this actually can turn into a paying customer?
Rick Smith: Yeah. This is Rick. The fact that it’s basically an unpaid trial. Don’t know that really that this is not a super competitive situation. Body cameras, really sort of the concept, the early concept of lot of the work was done in the United Kingdom. There are some local companies there that they have been supporting a lot of the party cam market in the U.K over the past several years and obviously the one in that is the most influential and sort of major agency, thought leader around the world especially the former influence of great across the former empire. So it was -- I would say very competitive as far as people working with the Met and the Met looking at the different solutions. So the fact that we’re choosing, I think just speak to the fact that they solve the value of the overall solution, whereas I would say in general, most of our competitors are primarily hardware vendors. And I think that we’ll uniquely able to coming in and deliver solution which does not require a lot of technical lift from our customers to go and solve difficult IP problem. So we’re very excited about it and we do believe there is a major revenue opportunity. What we are hearing from London Met qualitatively is that, if this trial goes well that there could be a major expansion of body cameras, out in the London Met. And we think the opportunity to be a very significant financial account for us as well as being in a important thought leadership account.
Rick Smith: What is the intended or expected duration of the test before commercialized decision you made. We believe it’s about a year, is what it’s scheduled for.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And with that, I’m not showing any further questions in the queue. I would like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Thanks everyone for your time. Obviously we’re excited to continue to report traction in EVIDENCE.com, as well as growth and profitability in the core business. And we report to still mitigate our shareholder meeting which is going to be here in May, just a few weeks out. And if you can make the shareholders meeting, then certainly we hope to hear your voices on the next call. We’ll wait onto our second quarter result. Thank you everyone. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith – CEO and Co-founder Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts:  Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to TASER International’s Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Release Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference call maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to, Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. Sir, you may begin.
Rick Smith: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our TASER International’s fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call. And joining the call remotely today is, I have an opportunity to address over 300 Chiefs of Police at the California Police Chiefs Conference. So as can happen when doing these things remotely, there’s some risk of technical issues in which case Dan will deliver the entire call today, but let’s hope that doesn’t happen. So before we get started I’m going to turn over to Dan Behrendt our CFO to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you Rick. Statements made on today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that all such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based on current information and expectations regarding TASER International, Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date in which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31st, 2012, under the caption of Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com.
Rick Smith: Thank you Dan. As a reminder we are going to be accepting some questions via twitter during the Q&A portion of the call, which can be submitted using the hash tag #TASR_EARNINGS. That’s TASR_EARNINGS after the hash tag. To follow up on our updates on Twitter during the call you follow the account at TASR_IR. We’ll be posting graphics and commentary during the call. And for those of you without Twitter all updates and graphics will stream directly to our Investor Relations website at investor.taser.com. I’m eager to share with our investors the results of the hard work from the past year on today’s call. First off, we hit a record in terms of revenues for the second quarter in a row recognizing $40 million on a consolidated basis. This marks the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year top-line double-digit growth. And 2013 was the second year in a row for record revenues with nearly $138 million.  We’re working hard to execute our strategy to grow the top line and invest in the right opportunities. And I think the fourth quarter 2013 as a whole, our evidence that are efforts are working. Our view to progress leads to TASER’s three core strategies today. First the CEW upgrades, second International and third dating dominant market share in the cloud computing and aware able technology space for public safety. To start I’d like to share the traction in the EVIDENCE.com and Video segment. So EVIDENCE.com and AXON bookings saw its second consecutive quarter of bookings in excess of $5 million. For the full year of 2013 bookings grew $10.7 million or 282% to $14.5 million. EVIDENCE.com and Video segments GAAP revenues in the fourth quarter grew 33.6% to $2.5 million compared to last year’s fourth quarter. We think this is EVIDENCE of the staying power of our Electronics business, so while we don’t expect this curve to always be consistently up and to the right during this early stage. We’re very excites about the continued growth of bookings in the fourth quarter. Also in the quarter there was several notable deals such as the New Orleans Police Department, the Birmingham Police Department and Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, all deploring our AXON cameras and EVIDENCE.com solutions. Larger agencies like these understand the intricacies of large scale digital evidence management. And know that this is not just about buying a camera. And as a result they’re choosing AXON and EVIDENCE.com as a complete end-to-end system. We can hardly continue to demonstrate to law enforcement professionals that EVIDENCE.com is a technology that will maybe administrative sign of law enforcement significantly more user friendly, cost effective and efficient. As well as reducing litigation costs for taxpayers and providing accountability to the public. As we mentioned on the last call this year we branded our booth and our most important conference, the International Association of Chiefs of Police or IACP. This we branded it as the EVIDENCE.com booth, to generate buzz and segment about our newer brand. We believe this approach was highly successful helping build brand awareness for EIDENCE.com, again our newer brand. According to our surveys of IACP attendees, before and after the conference we listed EVIDENCE.com brand awareness of among these chiefs from 43% who were aware of EVIDENCE.com before the conference, to 80% after the conference. So we nearly doubled market awareness. For hosting customer events each month, where sales representatives and I invite the Chiefs in a given geographical area for, dinners to discuss technology and how EVIDENCE.com can benefit their agencies. This also allows me to form personally address any concerns that agencies may have about cloud computing in general. Ensuring that the leaders in law enforcement have Up-to-date and relevant information by cloud computing and wearable technology is imperative to continuing the momentum and excitement of EVIDENCE.com and AXON. It’s also important to establish TASER as the front leader as such the key decision-makers see TASER as the right partner to bring best in class technology to their agencies. And we think our strategy is working, not only from the financial results but from the invitations that we receive to present and speak of large-scale law enforcement events. I was recently invited to present from the IACP executive committee about these trends and later this month or later today I’m going to be speaking to the California Chiefs Association right up to this call in fact. In March we will be hosting our technology summit here in Scottsdale which we anticipate will be attended to capacity. In fact we’re to schedule a second event in April with the first event filled to capacity. It’s just so clear as we continue to move forward to move full speed ahead toward the tipping point where we believe video will become a required tool for law enforcement And progression toward cloud computing where the technology law enforcement is actually a little faster than we had previously anticipated which of course is very exciting but it underscores the need for us to move fast in 2014 to solidify our position from the space. We’ve received several inquiries from investors regarding the potential threat from Google glass in whether or not it could be integrated in law enforcement. We think that the Google glass is a great innovative product, and I even have one myself. The more wearable devices like glass interaction, the faster that we believe law enforcement will move to wearable video. The more that wearable computing, wearable technology, the mainstream within the public realm, the easier it will be implementing law enforcement. Further, we strongly feel that the long-term play here for TASER is not with the cameras and the hardware the router with the cloud technology platform EVIDENCE.com. If an agency chooses to use Google glass or the hardware to collect evidence, they’re still going to need a digital EVIDENCE management system at EVIDENCE.com is most flexible and accommodating a digital EVIDENCE management system to handle digital EVIDENCE from multiple sources. As glass becomes a commercial product we intend to support EVIDENCE.com applications running on glass the same way that we provide applications on I-phone and android devices today. As [indiscernible] it’s not the camera that’s stupid, it’s the – and that’s where we’re focused. We see 2014 as the year that things are going to be moving forward at full throttle with EVIDENCE.com our goal is to solidify market share and frankly market dominance. We’re out to own this, and we’re out to go out fast. The occurrence of subscription revenue opportunities create a very high financial life and value for each customer. Further for every EVIDENCE.com customer, they become a natural customer for future cloud hosted services. The more services of ours that each customers using the more likely they are to adopt additional services from us in a virtuous title where adding capabilities with one integrated platform get easier and easier than going to outside vendors. In this virtuous cycle the lifetime potential value of every customer is far more significant. Hence we believe the biggest mistake we could make right now would be to under invest in driving market share. We’ve already begun to make these investments which are in 2013 in functions such as accounts management and field services. We deployed additional sales representatives for the EVIDENCE.com and video team in the second half of 2013 with more planned in 2014. We more than doubled our manpower in each region in order to reach more customers at faster rate. In addition to the incremental standard SGNA, for the additional sales representation, customer facing events and tradeshows. We feel it’s imperative to keep a strong investment in research and development for new products and services as well as enhancing existing functionality of EVIDENCE.com. Technologies moving fast, we know that and TASER continues committed to being at the cutting edge of technology continuously assessing how to make our products even better and how to create innovative new products to serve our customers. We begin our most recent product initiative with the acquisition of Familiar, Inc. in late 2013. The team is hit the ground running, and they spent much of their time meeting with our customers to get a deep understanding of the key customer pain points and to determine where we can create the most value for our customers next. Customer reactions have been extremely positive. Customers are telling me that they’ve never seen a company go to such great lengths to involve them in building the right solutions for their challenges. Of the team coming up to speed very fast they’re spending a lot of time in the field, on site with key customers around the country. We’ve decided to keep this process going through the first quarter as we firm up our product strategy with more and more customer input. It’s most important that we get this right, not that we hurry to get it fast. One result of this is that we expect we will see higher R&D charges in Q1 than previously expected, by about $500,000. This is because we have the team doing customer oriented research rather than active product development work. Accordingly a higher proportion of the work will be expensed in Q1 versus development work which can be capitalized. But we believe this is the right approach, we need to run the business to get to the right answer for the long-term and take the time that it takes to get it right. Break even for our EVIDENCE.com businesses also are the hot topic among some of our investors at the front end of building a cloud-based or SAS business there’s a high level investment required. And as revenues being preferably the contract there’s an inherent loss period until a critical mass of customers is achieved. Our philosophy and breakeven in investment is that so long if the business is growing and the size that our product is going to work are evident we need to continue to invest. If the gross growth of the business slows then at that point we can pull back on our investments. We’re managing our EVIDENCE.com and Video business with an aggressive investment to drive top-line growth and seize maximum market share. Again, given the recurring revenue model and inherent advantage we will have in selling adjacent services in the future, each of these customers. We believe the right strategy here is to focus on driving market adoption and garnering a dominant market share. Once it’s scaled we can pull back on investment significantly and have a highly profitable business with long-term recurring revenues. It will actually cost less to run the business in steady-state than its costing now to build it on the project –. The next strategy I will review is our CEW upgrade. The TASER Weapons business continues to execute and show very strong results. Our delivering revenues we’re up 24.1% to $37.6 million year-over-year. Our fourth quarter realized several large stocking orders as a result of yearlong volume incentive programs that added about $2.5 million dollars the top-line results in the fourth quarter. It’s also important to note that historically the first quarter TASER has been weaker by anywhere from 10% to 30% at the end of preceding fourth quarter. Upgrade continues with starting 2014 we’re introducing a new incentive program to promote the TASER assurance plan in conjunction with customer upgrades. The regular trading credit has continued to decline, it’s now down to $85 trading credit for an upgrade, but if agencies sign up for TAP, the TASER Assurance Plan there we’ll receive an additional $100 credit per unit. To refresh your memory the TASER Assurance Plan allows agencies after the purchase of their initial CEW unit. They can make equal installment payments over the period of the contract. At the end of the contract period, the customer receives a new up – a new CEW. So along the way to customer realizes other benefits as well. We’re passionate about helping our customers budget for CEW and TAP, allows our customers to have a predictable and manageable expense, that’s consistent during the contract period and results in an upgrade five years from now. We still believe there lies a large opportunity ahead in upgrading aging weapons as well to sell more into those agencies that don’t have a CEW on every officer today. In our North American Weapons business which is obviously in a more mature phase we’re focused here more and operational excellence in driving long-term profitable growth. One more update for the TASER Weapons business is in regards to our product offerings, now that we have the X26P and the X2 which are getting very well accepted in law enforcement markets. We made a decision to discontinue new product sales of the legacy X26 CEW which we introduced in 2003. We’ll be discontinuing new product sales at the end of 2014 and we’re now entering the end-of-life phase for that product. We’ll be migrating customers over to the new 2013 model X26P. Internationally we’re making focused investments to drive growth. Our international businesses made up about 26% of total sales in the quarter with over $10 million in revenue. Although we’ve been admittedly disappointed in the full year performance of the international segment, we see signs and our investments are beginning to bear fruit. We recently hired a Head of International services and expect higher international sales as a result in 2014. We also have more countries open up for us to sell into, which is a positive indication of the understanding of CEWs in a corresponding benefits and that the political climate is changing in our favor. We’ll be continuing to invest internationally in 2014 with initiatives that will generate effective tax savings in 2015 for the company. And I would like to take a minute to discuss the current state of the business in regards to the defense of product and commercial litigation. As some of you remember in September 2009 we issued a comprehensive new set of warnings and training guidelines around our TASER weapons. The large majority of the litigation that is filed against us has been on the premise that we have failed to properly warn the risks associated with the operation and use of our products. Since the rollout of these newer warnings and we associated training, the rate of new cases presented to the company has significantly declined. Three years ago we had 52 pending cases. Today we have 18. In the second half of 2013 we only had one new case, it was presented to us. Again that’s in the course of two quarters, we only had one new case. We’ve had nine consecutive quarters were dismissals of our number of new cases are, we think this is a testament to the strength for our defense and legal teams and training and risk management. In the fourth quarter we had a few other significant events in regard to our litigation and defense. Number one in the Turner versus TASER case, we were awarded a new trial on damages only. This resulted in the reversal of $1.1 million in litigation reserve in the fourth quarter. Due to this reversal additional insurance coverage became available and SGA realized a $0.6 million benefit to litigation related activities in the fourth quarter in addition to the $1.1 million reversal. Secondly we did several two cases for combined $2.3 million as previously announced in 8-K on November 27th. Of these cases will now be paid to insurance coverage due to the reversal of the Turner versus TASER case as well. And therefore there’s no reserve on the balance sheet at this time and no expenses necessary. Third we were awarded a permanent injunction against Karbon Arms for patent infringement on our CEWs. We awarded damages in the case but at this time there’s nothing on the books as collectibility is I’m sure. We’re happy that this case is resolved and our CEWs can continue to be the market leader in safety and effectiveness. We will continue to aggressively defend our intellectual property. In addition the company is currently in a jury trial in the commercial litigation lawsuit entitled AA Saba versus TASER International. This lawsuit is seeking monetary damages and attorney’s fees for an alleged breach of a distributor agreement. On behalf of any litigation is uncertain and it is possible, the company could lose the trial with an adverse judgment. That being said we do have some cases still pending that are from the pre-2009 era. We aggressively litigating these cases at this a financial cost to it. We’ve implemented measures to mitigate these costs to in house attorneys expense. And that we’ve always maintained, defense is not something we take lightly. We’re in the final stages of litigating the pre-2009 cases over the next one to two quarters. Accordingly we do expect our litigation expenses to remain in the elevated range, there right now for another one to two quarters. On the bright side we’re happy to share, we continue to expect these expenses to trend downward in the second half of 2014, as we bring the pre-2009 caseload to conclusion. Other litigation always remains inherently unpredictable. The company does plan to invest the legal savings in the new customer facing initiatives to accelerate further sales gains. To wrap up before Dan goes over to financial results in greater detail. Exciting things continue to happen here at TASER and I am looking forward to sharing more success in the coming quarters. And with that, let me hand over to Dan to review our financials.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Rick. As Rick said in the fourth quarter consolidated sale were $40 million, a 24.6% increase from the fourth quarter of 2012. The increase in sales is primarily driven by the continuation of the upgrade cycle with agencies upgrading to the new X26P and X2 Smart Weapons, combined this attributed $15.9 million in the fourth quarter. AXON cameras and EVIDENCE.com sales also grew by $0.5 million to $1.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. And sales of our cartridges increased to $1.5 million in the fourth quarter result as a result of several year-end distributor stocking orders like our X26 revenues declined by $0.6 million in the fourth quarter result of agency integrated in this smart weapons platform. There are still some international federal customers who continue to purchase the X26 because they’re selling CEWs improve for their market application. We’re working with these customers to get them the review and [indiscernible] 8.18, 3 smart weapon platform. Historically we’ve been announcing the percent of the installed basis upgrades to their legacy weapons to the niche smart weapon platform each order. However we feel that the trade in credit as its declined over the last year more customers are choosing to upgrade weapons outside our formal program and therefore not making into our metric. Due to this we would no longer be tracking this metric publicly, but we still feel that the upgrades are still a large opportunity for us as evidence by the fact that we continue to see very strong sales in North America and in the new weapons but it’s – it’s becoming a less meaningful measure as that upgrade credit is dropping, agencies chose to upgrade outside our program. Gross margin for the third quarter was $25.6 million or 63.8% of revenue which is up from $19.2 million or 59.7% in the prior year. Our sales have increased, we continue to benefit from higher operating leverage and due to price increases – in the beginning of 2013 and more sales being sold directly to the end user other than through distribution channels. We’ve realized higher average selling prices of our products, also improving gross margin. Further with the trading credits stepping down each quarter over the last year, gross margins has been positively affected because we gave a lot back to the customers in those trading credits. And our service revenue has increased quarter-over-quarter, the cost of service delivered decreased $0.3 million in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year due to continuous benefit from the completion of the depreciation of the capitalized costs related to EVIDENCE.com software development which is running at $300,000 recorded previously. EVIDENCE.com and Video segment revenues increased $0.6 million to $2.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2013 the loss from operations the EVIDENCE.com and Video segment worsened to $3.9 million from a loss of $1.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. This is largely due to increased investment in research and development activities as well as additional sales representatives for that part of the business. Sequentially the loss for operations EVIDENCE.com and Video segment also worsened $2.3 million from $1.5 million in third quarter 2013 to $3.9 million in the fourth quarter previously stated. This is due to the decision to increase the spend in research and development as well as the acquisition of the Familiar team to accelerate our move into new products, as well as we’ve added a number of new sales reps as Rick said we basically doubled our sales reps in the field in the second half of the year so that’s where you have a bigger impact in the fourth quarter. As well as we saw lower revenue the quarter from the TASER CAM business it also runs through that business but we do expect the current level to spend and continue to increase from this price to pre-2014-15 to gain market share and adding more customer facing roles. Sales, general and administrative expenses were $11.7 million in the fourth quarter 2013 compared $12.4 million in the fourth quarter 2012. As a percentage of sales, SG&A were 29.1% of net sales in the fourth quarter 2013 compared to 38.8% of net sales in the fourth quarter of 2012. Compared to the prior year of litigation related activities were down $1.2 million did more actively taking price in the fourth quarter of 2012. Additionally as a result of the reversal damages in the Turner case. The company recognized $0.5 million benefit in the quarter because previous legal expenses that eloped through the P&L were not be reimbursed by the insurance companies to $7.5 million benefit in the fourth quarter for that. This was partially offset by increased personal expenses of $0.7 million as a result of strategic hires we made over the last year primarily customer facing roles such as sales representatives, tele sales reps, customer service, account management and field services as well as incremental administrative functions. Sales and marketing expenses increased year-over-year due to higher commissions of approximately $0.5 million as well as increases in account promotions and trade show expense due to the timing of the International Association Chiefs of Police Trade Show which was held at third quarter 2012 but in the fourth quarter of 2013. On a normalized basis when we back out the one-time benefit for insurance reimbursement for previously recognized legal expenses, SG&A expenses would have been $12.2 million in fourth quarter of 2013. Given the track to the company’s experience in EVIDENCE.com and Video segment the company will continue to invest incrementally and customer facing roles and infrastructure to support to grow. And therefore its best take the total SG&A expenses to increase from this quarter’s level of that 5% to 10% before the benefit of litigation reversal. Research and development expenses were $3.4 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 this was an increase of approximately $1.5 million compared to fourth quarter of 2012. As we predicted a forecast last quarter increase was really primarily due to the additional personal expense related to EVIDENCE.com and Video segment. Our team has continued to do researching and voice the customer work and what markets a proper entry and their expenses will be completely charged R&D operating expenses at that time. In 2014 likely starting in Q2 as we start development initiatives expenses will be partially capitalized and so we launched those products or services. However given the newness of these initiative the company cannot be certain of the exact time and capitalization or the completion of other projects. With the addition of Familiar team as well as plant hires and other research investments in EVIDENCE.com and Video segment, we continue to expected to see some increases in R&D from these levels. The investments we made to accelerate our development and the sale of adjacent technologies and new products. Adjusted EBITDA which is – excludes certain items as detailed in our press release was $13.4 million for the fourth quarter 2013 compared to $7.7 million in the fourth quarter 2012. The improvement is mostly driven by just the higher sales and gross margins in 2013. Income from operations was $11.6 million fourth quarter of 2012 this compares to $4.7 million in fourth quarter of 2012 – I am sorry $1.6 million in the fourth quarter 2013. This quarter’s income from operations benefited from the reversal of $1.1 million litigation reserve to the Turner versus TASER International case. And resulting reimbursement of $0.5 million of previous expense legal fees. Also related litigation in quarter we announced that we received a permanent injunction against Karbon Arms and were awarded damages, we’ve not recorded this benefit as quite though, capability of that award is not recently assured at this point. The net income for the fourth quarter was $6.9 million or $0.13 per share on both the basic and diluted basis compared to net income of $3.8 million or $0.07 per share, basic and diluted share basis for 2012. Income taxes were $4.6 million in fourth quarter, the effective tax rate for the whole year was about 35.3%. The company’s tax rate was reduced in 2013 by set of stock option deductions, research and development credit and favorable return to provision adjustment. Excluding these positive benefits which are difficult to forecast, our effective tax rate would have been approximately 39% which we think is a good number to use for the full year 2014 modeling purposes. As we move on to the balance sheet in the fourth quarter the company’s generated $9.3 million of operating cash flow. And we finished the quarter with $63.4 million of cash, cash equivalents in investments. Accounts Receivable $22.5 billion we’re actually up $4.4 million from the prior year balances due to increased sales. And inventory at $1.1 million is actually flat with the prior year balances. The property, plant and equipment of $19.1 million is down $2.9 million from the year balances. The decrease includes approximately $5.1 million, depreciation expense partially offset by $1.8 million of capital expenditures during 2013. The capital expenditures in 2013 were primarily driven by investments in production and computer equipment. Accounts payable $6.2 million is also flat with the prior year and total deferred revenue of $20.2 million has actually increased $8.1 million from last year’s prior balances primarily due to two things, that’s upgrade program for X26P and X2 which includes an extended warranty. And we also saw sales of the AXON cameras – resulted in an additional $2.7 million of deferred revenue related to service of revenue that would be recognized over the license contract. We continue to defer revenue related EVIDENCE.com in service for the time of purchase. And again we’ll recognize that revenue depending on the – how much the customers pay upfront from anywhere from one, two, five years depending on the individual contracts. Total liability is $37.5 million and the company finished the year with $109.9 million in stockholders equity. We continue to have no long-term debt other than capital lease. And we continue to have solid liquidity and strong cash flow engine in our core business to fund our sales R&D efforts and operations in the future. As we move into the financial information provided for a cash flows. The company did have cash provided from operations of $9.3 million in the fourth quarter 2013. And for the 12 months ended 12, 30 – 12, 31 ‘13 we had cash from operations of $32.4 million. We did have cash used from investing activities for the 12 month of $23.1 million compared to cash provided of $1.7 million in the same period of prior year, that use of cash is really driven by purchases of investments during that time as we investor access cash in the both short and long-term investments. Cash used from financing activities was $3.2 million for the 12 month ended 12. 31 ‘13 compared to the $13.4 million used in the same period of the prior year. To refresh memory during the 12 month ended 12, 31 ‘13 we did repurchase 3,048,166 shares at an average price of $8.17 per share, that netted the whole purchases and that buyback of $25 million completed during 2013. And this was partially offset by $6.8 million benefit for employee option exercises as well as $15.4 million cash provided by employee stock option exercises. So really we – we opted most of the buyback with the option activity during the year. As we stated last quarter we’ll leave more time for Q&A portion the call, we also will include the unit sales statistics that’s included in the press release for your reference as we don’t have to cover that in the Q&A here. So just refer to the press release, you’ll see the unit sales. At this point I’ll like to take a minute to address the incremental investments we’ve started that, we talked about making over the next year and beyond to grow the business. Last year at this time we all also messaged that we did investing to grow the business, and taken the today’s results for the full year 2013 and certainly we’re serious about executing our strategy and providing top-line double-digit growth consistently. We feel that these investments are necessary to continue to solidify our market position in the video business. Investigating involves revenue producing opportunities and to continue growth internationally so we could – greater long-term value for our shareholders. And with that we’ll take calls from you, if you want to, that would be great.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator instructions]. And our first question comes from Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum, your lines open please go ahead.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: Good morning guys, very nice quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you Steve.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: On the welcome side of the business we’ll start there and I know you’re not going to give out kind of a percentage upgraded anymore, but I don’t know whether you used the base fall analogy or what but how would you sort of I guess [indiscernible] anecdotal and how the upgrade cycle is progressing?
Dan Behrendt: Hi Steve, this is Dan. I think we’re really happy with where we are right now. I think a lot of the strong results received, especially in our North American business or directories also of that upgrade cycle. So I’d say from a baseball perspective we’re still in the early innings. I think that we’ve discovered as we’ve produced that training. I think the good news is we’re seeing lots of trading activity but we’re seeing less of our customers actually choosing upgrades through a formal program that’s going ahead and finding the unit because it at this point the bundle we’re selling, it’s kind of worked the economic. In some cases they decided they’d rather just buy the TASER without the warranty and not get the trade-in credit. So we, out of the growth engine for 2014, that there’s a good part of the market, and I’d say the majority of the – still will be upgraded so I think we still think that can continue to provide plenty of growth for the company.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: As you look at the number of handles in the field, they’re over five years old. Is that number still growing by the day or has the upgrade got to the point where the average so to speak is now started to shrink?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah I think we’ll probably still say we’re probably still seeing some growth in the total number of units over five years old, just because we’re getting into some strong sales here five years ago. But you know I think even at a steady pace there’s still a large opportunity for us where if we can for upgrade anywhere from say 12% to 15% of that over 15 year cover, over five years old each year. That’s going to provide very strong base for the North American business.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: And then lastly on the video business it sounds like you’re going to end the life of the X26 are you also going to end the life of the cartridges at that point in time or will there be a tail there as well for a while?
Dan Behrendt: Yes so for the X26, the life of the X26 trial is in 2003. We’ll not sell that commercially after 2014 but we’ll continue to support that program from our warranty perspective through the end of the decade. The cartridges for the X26 like the product the X26P uses that same cartridge. So we’ll continue to sell that cartridge for the foreseeable future because the new platform will take the same cartridge.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: Okay. Jumping to the video business, it looks to me, at least what I can tell that almost anybody that announces a vendor you’re winning the vast majority of those fields. Do you have any kind of a win rate that you’re willing or able to share that you’re using and you’re marketing in the sales process?
Dan Behrendt: [indiscernible] that we can share. I think we’re very satisfied and I think we’re getting as competitive situation as we think that the customers are really appreciating towards the end of the solution And – we can differentiate the data transfer machine which makes the, ejects the video, significantly more efficient than anything, any product we’re competing against. And then there’s low customers especially larger agencies which is that really are getting that message well and people are doing a good job delivering that message.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: And I guess that teams like 2013 was sort of the year that the video solution moves from a bunch of smaller agencies using it to at least getting on the radar of the larger agencies. Do you view 2014 as the year you start to see some real meaningful deployment of the large agencies or are you not there yet?
Dan Behrendt: Hey Rick do you want to take that one, I know customers out in the field?
Rick Smith: Yeah. We do expect this year to larger deployments then we’ve seen historically. There are a number of RFPs on the street right, for the 1000 or 2500 unit sort of ranges. We’ve been actively engaged with those accounts. And we think we’ve got a very good shot at them whilst we’re hearing a lot of rumbling and activity internationally on cameras. That is a number of our PDOs that are coming out there as well. We think we’ve got a very good shot at. So coming into this year, we see several deals that are larger than anything you’ve sold to date. And are in the pipeline as you know it will all be disclaimer language here about the inherent riskiness of those that and are not in the bag until we’ve got them. But we certainly do see the opportunities are getting larger and I think that’s a function of some of these agencies moving from the test this out to okay we’re going to make this part of our standard operations. And we hope to see that continue through the end of the year.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: And internationally it was always my understanding that you know having a data center or the data itself. How in this country was sort of a big deal for a lot of countries is that sort of receding a little bit or because I’ve seen a lot of the stuff internationally as well and was not sure how much you guys think you can play there?
Rick Smith: Yeah. We certainly think we can play, we have – running in Amazon data centers and Brazil and in Europe. And I believe we have one up and running or we’re close in Australia. We’re managing to work that they do have data centers around the world and we can at very low cost bring up additional instances. Those are mostly being as read as support field trials, we’re certainly in discussions with some of the larger international agencies that they want to see the data in their country and may not, and maybe frankly some discomfort even around using an American vendor I’ve just given all the PR about what’s been happening with the NSA. So the good news for us is Amazon’s getting sort of market share clout, but there are a number of competitors that are arising. That are making it a goal of theirs to make it easy for Amazon customers to deploy on the competing cloud that are local companies in some of these different countries. So we haven’t done that yet, but we do have plans in place of ... we’re not going to be losing business or shut out of these countries by the fact that we’re going to require these sort of data. We do have a very strong preference to work with our customers. Not to try to... house the data on-site, there’s just a whole bunch of challenges in doing that. Foreseeing that most customers are getting comfortable, that if we get it in country, that we’d be able to use a reputable local cloud provider. Again those deals are... we haven’t announced any of those because we haven’t closed any substantial deals. Actually we’re more in test mode. So those are challenges that I think we’ve got a number of ways we can work through them.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Capital: Thank you, I’ll hop back in the queue.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks’ Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes Greg McKinley from Dougherty. Your line’s open please go ahead.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Gross margin, so those have been continuing to improve. Can you just remind us where you were with trade-in credits, where you are now, where you see the company migrating to over the course of this year? And then maybe comments as well the degree to which your direct sales efforts are expanding those margins, and where we are in the process of that playing out?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, so we started the year with about $130 or so in r credits. We’ve kind of worked that down throughout the year, so we’ve been having sort of incremental reductions each quarter in order to create sort of urgency for our customers. And one of the things we announced earlier, one of the earlier calls was the fact that the market to understand what that proper sort of upgrade credit amount is which tell us important to have some kind of upgrade credit available for customers to encourage them to take weapons that are over five years old but still in working order. And sort of make some guy see his weapon. So you can see that it’s important I think what the new program get – $185 we’re selling the upgrade today but we’re also pre-selling the next upgrade at five years. And I think it’s good for our customers to take this capital expense and turn it into operating expense. And it’s good for us in order to have that predictability of knowing that you’re going to get a customer to upgrade in five years versus having to try to resell them on an upgrade opportunity. So I think it’s certainly we’re the company has increased prices again in 2014. We’re sort of taking sort of inflationary side price increases to our product across the board each year. And I think our customers understand that. And certainly we’ll continue to, to help to maintain this margin – but once they will see a little bit on a consolidated margin business – basis is that as the business scales up and we’ll have a little bit of a mixed pressure in that the video products. We did, well we lowered the prices, for the hardware we think that hoping the drive adoption which is great – as you know there’s not as higher margin on the camera sales, the real margin for us from our camera service opportunity. So we may as benefit as scales up we may see little bit of a mix shift as the video becomes more bigger part of the total but we certainly feel like it is fair to – add above 60% on a go forward basis.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: And deciding to capture – you started the year at 130, were did you end the year at?
Dan Behrendt: 85.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: 85. And then, but if the purchase, a sort of TASER Assurance Plan, they’re getting an $85 credit for the new TASER plus $100 credit for when that users replace five years from now is that what you said?
Dan Behrendt: No it’s actually – what they get is, they get this is starting in the first quarter. They get $85 and if they choose to also sign up the TASER Assurance Plan they also get $100 off their first payment for their next TASER so $85 immediately. And then say the payments are $200 a year for a five year, that first payment is $100 instead of $200 towards their next TASER.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Okay.
Rick Smith: This is Rick just to clarify on that the net sale, like if we for rounding purposes say it’s a $1000 sale if they just take the trading credit. They’re going to be getting a $1000 less $85, so they did with that $915. If they take the additional $100 by signing up for TAP then there’s going to be the $200 initial payment to get on the TAP plan. And they get the 185 off that but the cash sort of at the time of purchase goes up from $915 to $1200 less $185 gets you to actually a $1015.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Okay. That’s helpful can you give us a sense for maybe the number I guess I could probably go back and compute it but the number of licenses that you’ve booked now with EVIDENCE.com. And maybe because I know you give us your booking rates I think that also includes the AXON hardware sale. Can you give us a sense for maybe how many licenses have been booked for EVIDENCE.com and what the aggregate booking value of that software sale has been? So we get a sense for future revenue recognition off of the basis that exist today.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah we probably can’t go to that level of granularity I could tell you right now on the balance sheet there’s we’ve seen the deferred revenues associated with the video business actually increased from last year by about $2.7 million. The booking number includes future invoice amount as well. That’s not when we book $5 million in a quarter – we don’t always invoice that full $5 million some of that maybe, if somebody starts a three year deal with me. I’ll be like customer initially and then and the anniversary of year one and year two for that three year deal, so some of those bookings would be invoiced in the future. But as far as the total license count we’re providing the unit sales each quarter. If this business continues to evolve, what – we’re going to continue to look for what the metrics are. We’re using the sort of to manage the business and we’ll share that as appropriate in the future.
Rick Smith: This is Rick. Just add little more color to that. We just wished to a per user seat model in the fourth quarter, prior to that we were doing a per camera model. And so it’s a little hard for us to blend those two together. So as we get people off the per camera model and on to the per user model we’ll have little more clarity around to how to best characterize the numbers of seats.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: And so Rick by that do you mean for example there might be three shifts occurring during the day that would use that individual camera for eight hours per in the past you’re selling one license for that camera but now you’re selling three. But the virtual users know that.
Rick Smith: Correct wherein before we had a model where we included the first year free. And the price of the camera we’ve now bifurcated that. And so we’ve been able to lower the net per license cost to the customer. Now we’ve moved to a per officer for exact reason you just talked about.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Okay. And then I know you just made reference to your Brazil distributor, disagreement is that, how important is that in terms of you tapping the opportunities in the market I know one of things that people are focused on is obviously some big emerging events, world sort of stage events in Brazil over the next couple years. How you feel about your opportunities in Brazil in sort of resolving any distributor issues there?
Rick Smith: Bill I’ll take that one. So the issue with the – distributor we terminated the agreement, guys we didn’t believe that maybe who is going to be able to get the job done. And we believe there were breaches of the agreement. He obviously doesn’t see it that way. So the risks with these trial is pretty much just that we had hit for some damages. We don’t see it impacting our presence in Brazil. We see that we’re in a much stronger position with the team that we have addressing the Brazilian market than we were with our former distributor. So I wouldn’t think about in terms of imputing our ability to operate in Brazil. It’s just risk. You never know what the jury is going to do and we’re in trail right now. In terms of the opportunities in Brazil we see there’s obviously a lot of opportunity we’ve had lot of interest around the cameras. We’ve not yet been able to get the government to improve our plan to bring up a local manufacturing partner so that we can reenter with the weapons. There’s tremendous amount of pressure from our customers the police agencies down there, are clamoring the TASER devices back in country. They are not happy with the local competitor which one – that’s what lead to the block for us to be able to get import licenses. So there’s lots of customer pressure, we’ve been aggressively working the market. It really just comes down to politically, when we can get the approvals to start reselling in the market. We think there’s a lot of demand and there is anything that requires regulatory approval, an approval at high government level. It’s not really predictable if and when we’re going to get that approval but we’re working pretty hard.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Glenn Mattson from Sidoti. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Yeah hi good morning everybody. Just a question about the TASER CAM that’s kind of the older legacy product, we did see that go down this quarter which probably was pretty back from the video product sales. Are we starting to see kind of natural cannibalization of that product? And is that something to expect to continue throughout ‘14 or to accelerate it at all?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I think the TASER CAM I think lot of the TASER CAM sales are driven by agencies or even countries that are sort of mandated that when they buy a TASER they opt to buy the TASER CAM with it. We certainly see the AXON Flex and AXON Body having a higher utility and really been sort of better value for customers which gets the ability to cash every eventful gain. The adverse all the events that involve the TASER and certainly one of the things that we see if the video product is – is having they opt this perspective with the whole of that TASER CAM doesn’t do as good a job of doing that because you only capture from when the TASER comes, lots of things happened before that. So we did bother certainly like to see our customers migrate to the AXON Body and Flex because we think it’s a – provides a higher utility of our value for them. Yeah we wouldn’t be surprised to see overtime the market shift over to the newer product.
Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Okay is there any way you can explain there seems like there was a bit of surge in that in Q3 and then even Q4 was down, still a decent quarter for TASER CAM. Is there a way to explain what happened there it was just – just serious orders came in?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah actually Q3 was driven by one significant order, international order where they do mandate the TASER CAM for any of the TASER purchases for that market. So we saw that in Q3 it’s just the International business that, little bit lumpier so it’s that sort of one large order that drove much more to that change. We did see again a number of customers that continue to buy the TASER CAM it’s a good product. We redid that product over the last year in order to create the new features and functions for that but again I think it’s just really very customer specific. Again its, in lots and lots of places what we try to view is, in places where they have those rules in place they have to buy a TASER camera we’re trying to get them the sort of – those for that instead of just need to buy an officer video camera with the TASER because we think that’s the better, better utility and better value for.
Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Okay and then last thing on the investments in internationals, it’s still kind of the big three markets that surveyed you’re going after UK France and Brazil. Is any other new areas that you’re – you’re also investing in?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah we’re continuing yeah those are the primary that, that’s – in Europe and Brazil but we’re investing really around the world as far as capabilities west side marketing collateral, trade shows type expenses. And really just working sort of hand to hand with the distributors to make sure that we support them and some people are appropriate to help them to grow their businesses as well.
Glenn Mattson – Sidoti & Company: Okay, great. Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I’m showing no further questions at this time. I’d like to hand the conference over back to Mr. Rick Smith for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Thank you everybody for your time this morning. Obviously we’re very proud of the hard work our team did. It’s not every day you to turn in result like this, but as report the 2014 we see lots of indicators. Again there’s an opportunity for the EVIDENCE.com and AXON to really go mainstream. We’re seeing a lot of opportunity internationally on both sides of the business. Were very excited to be, – looking forward to a great call a year from now. And thanks for – stuck with us over the years as we made the investments that have made 2013 possible. And everybody have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes our program. You may now disconnect. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Capital Mark Strauss - JPMorgan Peter Mahon - Dougherty
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Quarter Three 2013 TASER International, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to be given at that time. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer of TASER International. Sir, you may begin.
Rick Smith: Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2013 earnings conference call. Of course before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer, to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Statements made on today's call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions, and strategies regarding the future, including statements around projected spending. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International, Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as to the date in which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in our press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Dan. As a reminder we are going to be accepting some questions via twitter during the Q&A portion of the call, and you can submit those using the hash tag #TASR_EARNINGS. To follow our updates on Twitter during the call follow the account at TASR -- I'm sorry, @TASER_IR. So again our accounts to follow would be @ sign @TASER_IR. We will be posting graphics and commentary during the call. And for those you without Twitter all updates and graphics will stream directly to our Investor Relations website at investor.taser.com. I'm so excited to share with you, with our investors the results of our hard work and many exciting new announcements from the past three months on today's call. First off, we hit a historical record in our revenues this quarter recognizing $35.2 million on a consolidated basis. This marks the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year top-line double-digit growth. I'm truly proud of our team and I think that we continue to be positioned for strong growth moving forward due to the continued upgrade cycle and the exciting momentum in the EVIDENCE.com and Video segment. Specifically, our TASER Weapons business delivered revenues were up 16.8% to $31.6 million year-over-year. In our EVIDENCE.com and Video segments, the revenues there grew a 111.5% to $3.6 million compared to last year's third quarter. Our international business made up approximately 11% sales in the quarter. Asides from the phenomenal top-line growth, we've been very busy launching several new initiatives that we previously announced. These initiatives were all very customer focused and in an effort to continue to grow the EVIDENCE.com and Video business.
 : We're hearing immensely positive feedback from customers who fit these market segments. Perhaps even more impressive is that we were reentered into several bid processes that we've previously been shut out of, when we are offered only the Flex point-of-view cameras. So while we still believe that the point-of-view is the best type of camera for law enforcement officers, we think that we now have the product suite to really sweep the overall market. With this quarter being AXON Body's first quarter in the market, it sold almost 780 units, proving that by launching this product we are filling a much desired market niche. We've been very busy shipping this product for revenue, and so we're actually backed up on getting some trial units out to customers. So it's been a pleasant surprise at how well received AXON Body has been. Second, we revamped our entire pricing structure for EVIDENCE.com and Flex to become more transparent with varying tiers of service to drive adoption into every niche of the law enforcement market. As we went over on the pricing update call a few weeks ago, this was an aggressive move to change the sentiment that on-officer video will be on every officer in 5 to 10 years to on every officer within two to three years. Our new pricing model was designed in extensive consultation with our customers over the past six months. We previously were using a fairly complex pricing model, which required custom quotes and negotiation with every customer. This allowed us to experiment and to iterate around pricing while we dialed in what we believe would be the optimal pricing model in order to scale the business. We believe we now refined our business model and we've now published this new pricing model to enable faster market adoption. The new pricing model is designed to accelerate the sales process by, first, eliminating the perception in our products or services are expensive; second, eliminating any sense of customer uncertainty about future costs; and third, creating tiers of service to fit different customer segments to maximize both penetration and profitability. The new pricing brings Flex to an extremely affordable price of $499 per camera in comparison to the previous price of $950 per camera. But we've also debundled the service from the initial purchase. The agency now has the option of buying the service at varying levels starting at $9.95 per month up to $49 per month, that's per license. This lets the agency buy only the feature set that it wants. And simply put, we believe that we now have the best products at the lowest prices positioning us for in faster sales wins absent lengthy negotiations. Third, we officially launched the EVIDENCE Mobile app with my.evidence.com site for individuals. This allows individual officers to utilize the apps before their agencies deploy EVIDENCE.com, which creates a low friction way to introduce our services into the market. This free app provides another means of evidence capture including still pictures, notes, videos, and voice recordings. This app then pairs seamlessly with the agency's EVIDENCE.com account to store all relevant data in one place regarding a case. During the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference we had several hundred officers sign up for the app. And based on early customer reactions we believe law enforcement is realizing importance in benefits of mobility in their field. Agencies are further saying that they can cut a lot of cost out of the process if they have integrated evidence management system such as EVIDENCE.com and EVIDENCE Mobile. And finally, we announced the acquisition of the Familiar, Inc. team. We felt that this is teams experience was developing beautiful digital, video, and photo interfaces for mobile devices fits seamlessly with TASER's vision for the future of our EVIDENCE.com and Video business. Many of our customers have asked why it is that consumer applications are so much more user-friendly than enterprise software. In fact, there is a broad trend towards the consumerization of IT, where professional users in many industries are demanding consumer type ease of use in enterprise solution. And this is exactly why we acquired Familiar because this team knows how to make great, easy-to-use apps in the consumer space and we want to bring these great user experiences to our law enforcement customers. The Familiar team will be spending the next quarter researching the various adjacent technologies in law enforcement before diving into development. One of the advantages of our acquiring of functioning team is that we can immediately put them under project that will create new revenue streams down the road. I want to be clear we are not deploying the Familiar team simply to augment our existing engineering resources on our existing EVIDENCE.com product. We are signing them to develop our next-generation mobile and cloud service offering, the first extension into our platform strategy. We look forward to updating you on our next generation products in the coming quarters. And again, welcome to the Familiar team. To top off all these exciting announcements in the third quarter, we just ramped up the International Association Chiefs of Police Conference in Philadelphia, where we were actually presenting our booth as the EVIDENCE.com booth rather than TASER booth. And this has generated a tremendous amount of buzz regarding our revolutionary cloud offerings. There are a lot of themes discussed in IACP sessions that mirror the overall macro environment we've been seeing over the past six months to a year. There was a noticeable shift in momentum around both on-officer video and cloud computing. At previous year's conferences, there was considerable skepticism about whether officers would wear cameras and whether law enforcement agencies would adopt cloud based systems. This year that skepticism was largely gone, replaced by a general sentiment that on-officer video is something that most agencies are now planning for in their future. And cloud based solutions like EVIDENCE.com will solve these big data storage and analytics problems better than agencies if you're using older on-premise solutions. Last year, it was noteworthy when an agency indicated they're moving to on-officer video. This year, it was the common reaction. In my opinion, it is no longer a question of if agencies will deploy on-officer video and cloud hosted solutions but rather when and how rapidly they will adopt them, and which technology providers will win in the marketplace. The role of seeing is Video is inevitably come to law enforcement and is coming fast. The New York City judge ruling is just one example of that. We're seeing and hearing increasingly more conversations around this and policy makers are working hard to make sure that they're prepared for this momentous change in policing. The Police Executive Research Forum, one of the most respected thought leaders in public safety, held a session last month dedicated entirely to the topic of officer-worn video. In this session, leading chiefs indicated that they plan to implement body worn video in the near future. The IACP also reported over half of police chiefs surveyed indicate they're deploying or actively considering cloud solutions in the near future. The United States CIA recently awarded a cloud based contract to Amazon web services to fill their next-generation data storage or data center. And I think that's been an incredibly good development as far as for state local law enforcement agencies, seeing an agency such as the CIA selecting Amazon as their data provider. All these macro trends help our customers to get used to this paradigm shift to cloud based evidence management and storage. We're really seeing some of the larger agencies in the U.S. embrace this technology wholeheartedly. We've talked about Albuquerque in the past. But it is truly a great example as they are now the world's largest on-officer video camera -- I'm sorry, the world's largest officer-worn camera deployment to our knowledge. This is a large city that's under a lot of scrutiny from the public. They initially launched with a competitor's body camera and then transitioned their entire agency to the AXON product line. We're seeing agencies utilize our crowd funding to purchase cameras and we're seeing City Counsels leave the charge in some cases. We're seeing agencies removing car systems in preference for body-worn cameras, a seismic change in our opinion. The large agencies understand the intricacies of large scale digital evidence management and know it's not just about buying a camera anymore and subsequently they're choosing AXON and EVIDENCE.com. All these factors give us confidence that we're on the edge of something big, something that our bookings figure of $5.8 million in booking this quarter strongly reflects. All these internal and external events are indicative that we're at the edge of a tipping point with the entire EVIDENCE.com and Video business. We see 2014 as the year that things are going to be moving like speed and TASER and frankly our competitors are going to be defining and solidifying their relative market share. In light of these market dynamics, we feel that now is the time to invest to make and make this happen and happen in a big way for the company and for our shareholders. We are out to own this space and to grow it fast. We see the opportunity to create a central file hosted technology ecosystem for the public safety sector including both our current EVIDENCE.com offering and future products and services such as we'll be building with the Familiar team. The recurring subscription revenue opportunities create a very high potential lifetime value for every customer. Hence, we believe the biggest mistake we could make would be to under-invest in driving market share right now when the market is forming. We've already begun to make some of these investments during 2013 in functions such as account management and field services. This quarter, we deployed additional sales representative for the EVIDENCE.com and Video team effectively doubling our manpower in each region in order to reach mid-tier customers at a deeper rate. Telesales continues to be one of our most successful programs with the small agencies and our senior sales representatives are laser-focused on the big name agencies in the U.S. We hope to be able to share this team's successes again in the fourth quarter with you. Last year, we began breaking out reporting by segment for both the TASER and the EVIDENCE.com business. This is a useful tool both for investors and for our management team since these two business units are at different levels of maturity and market development. We are managing our EVIDENCE.com and Video business with an aggressive investment to drive top-line growth and seize maximum market share. Again, given the recurring revenue model and inherent advantage we will have in selling adjacent services in the future to every customer. We believe the right strategy here is to focus on driving market adoption and garnering a dominant market share. With the addition of the Familiar team as well as planned hires and other research investments in EVIDENCE.com and Video segment, we expect R&D expenses will increase over Q3 2013 level by approximately $750,000 to $1.25 million per quarter starting in the fourth quarter of 2013. In our TASER Weapons business, which has been a more mature phase, they were focused operational excellence and driving long-term profitable growth. The segment reporting will allow our investors to track our progress and our execution discipline in both segments more clearly. In regards to our core TASER Weapons business, the upgrade cycle continues to expand for us. As of September 30, 2013, we've upgraded approximately 14% of our installed base. In the third quarter, we upgraded over 8,000 units, which is the highest number of units in any quarter to-date. We also believe that there are some agencies who are proactively upgrading their units outside of our trading credit program and thereby they're not making it into our metric. To complete the primary order with actually an upgrade, they've committed to upgrading their entire fleet of weapons and in the quarter we realized about half of that, 2,200 units. We think that the upgrade program continues to be successful in encouraging agencies to move to the Smart Weapon platform and the declining trading credit has been a valuable experiment for us. In Q4 that credit steps down again to $100. We've not yet announced a program for 2014 but we think we will continue to have some form of a program given the success of the current one. I'd also like to take minute to discuss the current state of the business in regards to defensive products and commercial litigation. As some of you may remember, in September, 2009, we issued a comprehensive set of new warnings around our TASER Weapon. The large majority of our litigation has been on the premise that we had failed to properly warn of the risks associated with the operation and use of our products. Since the rollout of those new warnings in 2009 the rate of new cases presented to the company has significantly declined, two years ago we had 55 pending cases. Today, we're down to just 23. In the third quarter we did not have a single new case filed against us. We have had eight consecutive quarters where dismissals have outnumbered new cases served. We think that this is a testament to the strength of our defense and legal team. That being said, we do have some cases still pending that are from the pre-2009 era. We are aggressively litigating these cases, but this comes at a financial cost to us. This quarter, for example, had expenses related to the cost of defense of commercial and product litigation $2.2 million higher compared to the same period in the prior year. We've implemented measures to mitigate this cost through in-house attorneys in defense, but simply put defense is not something that we take lightly. The good news, we're in the final stages of litigating the remaining pre-2009 cases over the next two to three quarters. Accordingly, we expect our litigation expenses to remain in this elevated range for another two to three quarters. On the bright side, we're very happy to share that we expect these expenses to trend downward in the second half of 2014 as we bring the pre-2009 case load to conclusion. We expect to see significant reductions in legal and litigation expenses from the second half of 2014 going forward. This has the opportunity to significantly further improve profitability in our TASER Weapons business unit going forward from the middle of next year.  To wrap up, before Dan goes up with the financial results in greater depth, I'd say exciting things are happening here at TASER and we think this is just the beginning. Dan?
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. So in the third quarter consolidated sales were $35.2 million or 22.3% increase from the third quarter of 2012. The increase was primarily driven by the continuation of the upgrade cycle with agencies upgrade to the new X26P and X2 Smart Weapons, combined this contributed $13.2 million in the third quarter. TASER CAM also had a strong quarter growing $1 million over the same period last year and the AXON cameras and EVIDENCE.com sales also grew by $0.8 million to $1.7 million in third quarter of 2013. Sales of our cartridges declined $1.5 million in the third quarter resulting in some sales promotion this year versus last year, and our X26, the legacy X26 unit declined approximately $0.2 million in the third quarter representing agencies moving to the Smart Weapon platform versus the legacy products. We still have some international and federal customers that continue to buy the legacy X26 product because it's the only conducted electrical weapon that they have proved in their market or application. But we're working with these customers to get them on the new Smart Weapon platform by having them review and approve the new weapons for their purchases. As of September 30, 2013, we have upgraded approximately 14% of our installed base of units over five years old and we clearly -- we still have a large opportunity in front of us with roughly $400 million of future upgrades still to be gone after from the company's perspective. Gross margin for the third quarter was $22.1 million or 62.8% of revenue, which is up from $16.8 million or 58.4% in the prior year. As sales have increased, we've also continued to benefit from higher operating leverage from our fixed manufacturing costs, and also due to price increases that we put in place at the beginning of 2013 as well as more sales being sold directly to end user rather than through distribution channels, we've realized higher average selling prices of our products which also improved gross margin. Further with trading credits stepping down each quarter over the last year gross margin has been positively affected as trading credits have a smaller impact on our gross margins. Although service revenue has increased quarter-over-quarter, cost of service delivered decreased $0.8 million in the third quarter compared to the prior year for two reasons. First, we continue to benefit in the lower cost structure of public cloud based web services versus using our data center in the prior year. And secondly, we realized the benefits from the completion of the depreciation related to the capitalization of EVIDENCE.com software development, which was running $300,000 per quarter previously. In the newly renamed EVIDENCE.com and Video segment, revenues increased $1.9 million to $3.6 million for the third quarter of 2013, and loss from operations of this segment improved to $1.5 million loss from the loss of $2.5 million in the third quarter of 2012, largely due to the reduction in cost of services delivered as well as higher gross margins on the higher product sales. Increased revenue related gross margins in this segment were partially offset by increases in personnel and support expenses made in the current quarter to grow the EVIDENCE.com and Video business. Sequentially, loss from operations for the EVIDENCE.com and Video segment also improved by $1.1 million from $2.7 million in second quarter of 2013 to $1.5 million this quarter. The improvement was partially influenced by the higher product sales in the third quarter of approximately $1.5 million as well as the lower cost of service delivered sequentially at $0.4 million relating to the completion of the depreciation of EVIDENCE.com software development. These were partially offset by increases in R&D. As well in the second quarter of 2013 we did have a one-time benefit from a huge tax refund for Arizona of $0.3 million that ran through the EVIDENCE.com R&D line. Sales, general and administrative expenses of $12.8 million in third quarter of 2013 compared to $9.5 million in third quarter of 2012. As a percentage of sales SG&A was 36.3% of sales in the third quarter of '13 compared to 33.2% of net sales in third quarter of '12. Compared to the third quarter of 2012, personnel expenses increased $0.6 million as a result of strategic hires that we made over the last year, primarily in customer facing roles such as telesales, customer service, and account management, as well as skilled services and also some incremental administrative functions. Our professional, accounting, legal fees and litigation related expenses increased $2.2 million, compared to the prior year primarily due to expenses relating to the defense of product and commercial litigation. As Rick said earlier, the company expects expenses related to the defense product, commercial litigation to stay at these elevated levels for two or three more quarters before trending downwards in the second half of 2014 as we work through the remainder of litigation related to the pre-2009 warning cases. Sales and marketing expenses increased year-over-year due to the higher commissions of approximately $0.4 million, as well as increases in account promotion activities, eCommerce marketing and market development as we look to expand our initiatives internationally as well as in the Video and EVIDENCE.com segment. These increases were partially offset by decrease in trade show expenses due to the timing of the International Association Chiefs of Police Trade Show, which was held in the third quarter of 2012, but in this year 2013 it was actually held just this last month in or this month in October, so it will be a fourth quarter expense for the 2013. Given the traction and the company's experience in our EVIDENCE.com business unit, the company will continue to invest incrementally in customer facing roles and infrastructure to support the growth and, therefore, expect SG&A to remain or increase from this quarter's level until litigation expenses start to decrease in the second half of 2014. Research and development expense were $2.4 million in third quarter of 2013. This is an increase of approximately $0.5 million, compared to the third quarter of 2012. The increase is primarily due to additional personnel expenses related to EVIDENCE.com and Video segment development initiatives. With the acquisition of Familiar team, the corresponding push to move an adjacent technology in law enforcement, we do expect incremental R&D expense starting in the fourth quarter. As our team is researching in doing what the customer works on what will be the next markets to the proper entry, their expenses will be completely charged to R&D operating expense. In 2014 as we start to develop the initiatives, we do expect that some of these expenses will be partially capitalized until the products are launched. With addition of the Familiar team as well as planned hires in other research investments in EVIDENCE.com and Video segment, we do expect R&D expenses will increase over the Q3 2013 levels of approximately $750,000 to $1.25 million per quarter starting with the fourth quarter of 2013. Specific to the fourth quarter our expectation is R&D expenses will grow sequentially by approximately $1 million due to expenses around the Familiar acquisition, as well as some of the increases I mentioned earlier. These investments are being made to accelerate our development in sale of adjacent technologies and new products into our market share for the video segment. Our adjusted EBITDA, which excludes certain items detailed in our press release was $9 million for the third quarter of 2013, compared to $8 million in third quarter of 2012 but the improvement being driven by higher sales in 2013. Income from operations was $6.9 million in third quarter, compared to $5.3 million in the prior year's third quarter. And the net income for the third quarter of 2013 was $5.1 million or $0.10 per share in both the basic and diluted share basis, compared to $3.7 million or $0.07 per basic and diluted share in the prior year. Income taxes were $1.8 million in the quarter. Income taxes expenses for the quarter were actually exceptionally low in the third quarter of 2013 for several reasons. First of all, we benefited from disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options in the quarter, which reduces our taxable income. We also started applying for credit for the domestic production activities deduction, which has a better -- which actually reduces our effective tax rate. And then, we also had a favorable returns provision adjustment, which was recorded in Q3 of 2013. We do expect our full year effective tax rate before discrete items to be approximately 38.2%. Moving on to the balance sheet. In third quarter of 2013, the company generated $10.9 million of operating cash flow and we finished the quarter with $48.3 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments, which is really impressive considering the fact we bought back $25 million worth of the stock this year. Accounts receivable of $20.1 million, are up $2 million from the year-end balances due to increased sales as well as timely collections. Inventory of $12.3 million is up $1.3 million from year-end. Again, this is attributed to the general buildup of inventory in anticipation of future sales. Our investment of property, plant equipment of $19.3 million is actually down $2.6 million. This is really driven by $3.8 million of depreciation expense, partially offset by $1.2 million of capital expenditures in 2013. The capital expenditures are primarily in production equipment as well as some computer equipment. Accounts payable of $5.1 million is down approximately $1.1 million from the year-end due to the timing of processing invoices and check runs. And we had total deferred revenue of $18.6 million. This is up sharply, up $6.5 million for the year-end primarily due to two reasons. One is the upgrade program with the sales of X26 next year, which includes that extended warranty, which increases our deferred revenue for warranties, as well as the sales of our AXON camera and EVIDENCE.com contributed another $2.5 million to the increase due to deferred revenue on the sales of the future services what we're recognizing over time. Total liabilities of $36.3 million and the company finished the quarter with $92.1 million of stockholders' equity. We continue to have no long-term debt other than capital lease and continue to have plenty of liquidity and strong cash flow entering our core business to fund our sales, R&D efforts, and operations in the future. So we move on to the information on the cash flow. The company had cash provided from operations of $10.9 million during the third quarter. For the nine months ended September 30, 2013, cash provided by operations was $23.1 million. We did have cash used for investment activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2013, of $13.2 million compared to cash provided of $0.7 million in the same year and prior year. The negative use of cash is really driven by the purchases of investments during the time period. Cash used from financing activities was $11 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2013, compared to $19.3 million in the same period for last year. During the nine months ended September 30, the company did repurchase 3,048,166 shares at an average price of $8.17 per share and the aftermarket for total share repurchases this year of 25 million. That outflow is partially offset by the $4.1million of tax benefit from employee stock option exercises as well as $10.2 million of cash provided by the exercise of stock options the employees -- buy the shares at their strike price. As we stated last quarter to leave more time for Q&A portion of the call we've started including some unit sales statistics in the press release for your reference. And with that we'll take questions from people in the queue.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer of Craig Hallum Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Capital: I'm just wondering if we could dig into the Video business a little bit. It certainly seems to have kind of blossomed here a lot quicker than anybody expected. Could you give us a little bit of the lay of the land just in terms of your competitive position, how do you sort of see yourself, have you lost any particularly meaningful deals? And if so why would you lose that sort of thing? I think it’s - investors are now sort to a point of believing and now it's just a question of how much of that can you capture.
Rick Smith: Yes, well, this is Rick. So the first thing I would tell you is actually the long-term view of this is it's really not a Video business. It's a cloud services business that's being driven with our first major application being on-officer video. So I would say where we -- this past quarter we actually picked up a lot of deals that we were at risk of losing previously and the major thing there was there is just a segment of the market that wants an inexpensive camera, very price sensitive or they just -- they want something to just clip on their uniform and go they don't want to have to run a wire somewhere or wear a camera up on their glasses. It's also quite interesting actually that by introducing the body camera we're able to pull several deals back but actually one of them, a fairly good size one had already gone to bid and specified a competing camera in the bid. And that bid was then kind of pulled back and reworked once they knew that there was now our camera in the market that had the same advantages frankly at a much lower price and would give them the ability to integrate with our back end over the long-term. But the other thing very interesting is of the agencies that wanted - that were looking at the AXON flex previously the vast majority of them stayed with the flex with the perspective view. And so it seems like once the customer understands the advantages of the officer perspective they stick with it. It seems more like agencies that are sort of newer to the concept of video that are likely to be more sensitive around cost or convenience, and then a little less performance sensitive. I would -- of the deals we know of I'm not aware of any large deals since we put the body cam out that have gone away from us. But again, it's only been there for a little while, so there haven't been that many big deals that have closed during that time period. In terms of the competitive landscape I would say we're competing primarily with hardware vendors, folks that sell the camera and they might give away an app to help with some of the data management. I think we're unique in that having to integrate it to cloud services offering although this year at IACP there's palpable shift. No, there was none of this like fear of the cloud sentiment there was a year ago. So we do believe that competitors over the coming year or so are going to look to move more in the direction of having a robust cloud offering. So that's one of the reasons that we think we have unique advantage today and we got to press our advantage now. We're finding customers or this is a very sticky business. Once we get people on the system they love it. And we just got to make sure we win as many deals as fast as we can during this next year when we think we'll continue to have a real advantage. Obviously we intend to maintain that advantage over time but it would be imprudent for us to assume that we're going to be able to maintain the advantage we have today indefinitely.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Capital: You mentioned the stickiness of the business. What can you give us in terms of metrics now, it's been period of times since some of the early adapters have been on the network. Any metrics you can share with us as to the stickiness of it?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. I think it's probably similar to the sort of our comments last quarter. I think we're satisfied with renewals we're seeing. Customers that are heavy users of the system are renewing in rates that we're satisfied with. The tough thing is a lot of the sales that we've made over the last year are sort of pay trials. Some of those customers have bought just a handful of units and they may not be ready to deploy video. So I don't want to overly read into just the renewal rates an agency level so we’re trying to develop the right metrics that just sort of share with the market. It's also pretty early, this - I think, as we get into -- into next year I think it's probably more appropriate for us to share [inaudible] we’ll have a little bit more data, but we're satisfied with where we sit today. The people who are utilizing the system regularly are renewing. I think they see the value. I think people that bought a couple of cameras and really aren't utilizing the system much, are probably less likely to renew, but they just may not be quite ready to move to video, but I think we're seeing even some of those customers come back into the fold just due to the momentum and the video market in general.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Capital: I'm wondering if you can draw on any parallels with the video business with your early ECD business, which was obviously a pretty controversial idea at the time and then it sort of started to hit a tipping point, any parallels you can draw that can help us sort to see how this plays out.
Rick Smith: This is a very insightful question. We're actually talking in the booth at IACP this year it was very reminiscent of the 2002 IACP, which was the year that TASER, the weapons business hit the tipping point. Prior to that, early on there was a lot of skepticism about, we can't use electricity to incapacitate people and these weapons are controversial, not sure this is for us and then 2002 was when I remember just stay in the booth talking with people, it went from sort of explaining why they should even consider TASER devices to all of a sudden every conversation was about, oh yeah we're doing this, we're planning on this, it’s coming next year, we felt a very similar sentiment shift around both on-officer video and cloud which by several years we've been proselytizing it in the booth basically talking to skeptics, talking them through their concerns. Last year, having an agency come up and say they were considering buying a couple of hundred cameras, would have been something that was very noteworthy, we would have been, everybody in the booth would have been talking about that one customer at the end of the day. This year we had probably dozens of conversations with agencies talking about hundreds of cameras within the next year. So obviously there's still a lot of work to be done and I would caution that with big order like Albuquerque made the big difference last quarter so I don't know that we're going to see a smooth and continuous upward sloping adoption curve, there is probably going to be fits and starts along the way. But I think we've now passed –we’re now past the point of no return that on-officer video has been accepted, it's coming. There is very few people that are saying it's not coming. I think the way we look at it now is this who is going to win, what business model will prevail and how fast does this going to happen that's why as we talked about our strategy, it is about accelerating both the market and accelerating our market share.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Capital: And last question, I'll hop back in the queue. Some of the other cloud services, I think it would be helpful if you could kind of paint a picture of what those may look like? Police department I think aren't often thought of as cutting edge technologically. So help us kind of think over without giving away too much competitive information, how we should think about other offerings there and how that might look in a couple of years?
Rick Smith: Well, your average police department in the United States has about 50 officers. They may or may not have an IT department. They are maybe subject to working with an IT department, it's over the reports within City somewhere else but there is very little direct relationship or control between the agency and their IT department. What we've generally seen is the systems that our customers are deploying tend to be fairly outdated in terms of the user experience, in terms of the efficiency, I was at a conference in at the IACP where Chief Tom Streicher from Cincinnati talked about a program that based on over $10 million deploying a digital record management system in Cincinnati that ended up being 15 years approximately late in its deployment. They have spent well over their budget, they are -- well between $10 million and $20 million before the thing ever went live and the days went live, there assessment was that the technology was already at least a decade out of date. We hear stories like that all the time. So our customers give you a number of different things. There is electronic ticketing system, there is automated license plate reader systems, there is record management systems with their tax based records, there is jail intake systems, there is booking photos, interview rules, in-car video systems the associated backends, which we're already going after with EVIDENCE.com. There is Computer-Aided Dispatch Systems where you got to be able to locate the vehicles massive to the calls that are coming in. So there is a lot of different systems that our customers buy and we believe that there will be enormous opportunities and we're looking at this from a buy, build or partner perspective that in some cases it's going to make sense for us to partner and in some cases it's going to make sense for us to just build extensions in EVIDENCE.com, but once our customers are managing their users on EVIDENCE.com and once they were managing their digital evidence those are their most precious and core records that you have because the digital evidence is not workflow, this is stuff you collect at the scene, you got to make sure you're protected in such a way that meets the federal rules of evidence and to be able to show that it's not been altered in any way. We believe that becomes really a core system. And by analogy if you look what salesforce.com has done, they entered Corporate America through sales force automation, but they've sent had adjacent offerings like we are sales force customer. We love it, makes our lives easy. We don't have to think about managing a big sales customer relationship management system onsite and we now use their service product offering for customer service. We've gone to work.com which is our HR module et cetera. So we see a similar opportunity for us to exempt from just the digital evidence in the several of the other core systems that takes to on a police agency.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan: Good morning. This is Mark Strauss on for Paul Coster, congratulations on the quarter.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Mark.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan: So obviously the investments on the EVIDENCE.com side are starting to bear fruit. I just want to go so earlier this year when you're talking about the -- I think it was a 10% OpEx improvement or increase. You kind of broke that down into different buckets. I think there was telesales and building out the international footprint of it. Can you just give an update as far as the payoff on some of those investments and how we should think about that spend going forward or is there a reason to invest more in those areas or should we think about or you kind of pulling back on some of those things in favor of the increased EVIDENCE.com spend?
Dan Behrendt:  Yes, Mark this is Dan. Yes, absolutely we're seeing, certain investments we're definitely seeing an immediate return for. I think telesales is one of those areas where those are sell funding positions. We continue to see our telesales each quarter increase and we have a disappointed diminishing returns at this point. So we've added significant of those resources and paying off. Some of the other things we're investing in have longer terms payoffs. Things like the investment in international, we're definitely making those investments as we indicated. We haven't seen that translate into sales yet. But we knew going in it's probably 18 months to 24 months cycle before those investments start paying off. So we'll continue to make those investments -- just the investments we're making on customer facing roles in the video segment, things like account management as well as additional outside sales resources as well as implementation services. Those are investments we've made, and in fact we're accelerating some of those investments. As Rick said, we basically doubled our outside sales headcount for the video segment and we'll continue to make those investments to grow that business. As Rick said, its bit of a land grab right now we want to make sure that we don't under resource our investments, especially those customer taking roles. We want to make sure we're in front of every customers that's got an interest in purchasing video products or digital EVIDENCE management solutions and we want to make sure that our ability to win or lose, we don't want that to be dependent on -- under resourcing that. So yes, we do expect we will continue to increase our investments in those areas. I stated the one thing that it's been higher than may be originally planned some of the cost around litigation. But as we indicated, I think we're going to sort of stay at these high levels for a few more quarters and then we expect those to tail off. And some of it it's just due to the timing of cases. It's tough to predict exactly when cases are going to come to trail and when the -- there is just a lot of workflow around that. So I think so far we're satisfied with our ROI and those incremental investments. And I think we will continue to increase them over time to make sure that we can grow that video business as quickly as possible.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan: And then lastly, and completely understand and agree with the investment on the EVIDENCE.com side but just for simple modeling purposes, is there a certain revenue run rate or a date and time that you're expecting that to sort of flip profitable on our operating margin anyway?
Dan Behrendt: I think our focus right now is really to -- in growing the top-line more than just sort of the near-term profitability. One of the great things about -- sort of a cloud business is that recurring revenue stream so that -- for us, the focus is to get as many people on that system right now and the profitability will come with scale but we don't want to run it for the sort of the near term profit, it's really more of a long-term play at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Mahon of Dougherty. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty: Just want to touch on a topic that we really haven't hit on yet and that is the core handle business. That definitely outperformed our expectations. Can you attribute that to a larger volume of smaller sales or have you seen healthy stream of kind of those mid-to-large scale orders? 
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan again. I think we're seeing across all segments -- strata of the market. We're seeing the sort of the small agencies; they are served by power efficacies to grow. I think that's has been a underserved part of the market. So I think that is -- certainly help to grow the sales to sort of that part of market better than what they're served before through us or through distribution. The large agencies, you've a deal like Houston this quarter for 2200 units, that's a big order for us. And I think the fact they went to City Counsel and requested to upgrade their entire install base over the next several years, with that first purchase being made this quarter. I think it's just indicative of the fact that I think agencies understand the need to upgrade to the new platform. And I think it's -- we certainly it's a big opportunity there, but we're really seeing it across all segments of the market and that upgrade remains a big opportunity. I think now the other thing is we're continuing to see further penetration to market as well where we've agencies that may be didn't have TASERS before or only had a small part of their police force carrying the TASERS are now carrying either buying for the first time or more going to full deployment from partial deployment. So I think we can still have wide space in North America as well even though there national businesses was just supporting this quarter that remains to be an opportunity that's 10 times bigger than U.S. market so it's one we can continue to invest to grow.
Rick Smith: I'd add one other thing to that. Just as getting into booth at IACP talking to Chiefs the one other dynamics that's happening is the financial environment is improving and I talked to lot of chiefs who basically said, we spent quite three or four years going through cut after cut after cut and they're now coming out of that and they're saying our patrol cars are worn out -- basically, they are coming into a situation where they realize they're going to have to upgrade a lot of their capital equipment to include TASERs. So I think this market tends to lag as much of the economy. And so while things have recovered the last couple of years I think they're finally starting to come out and we're seeing just some strength there that they're able, they've got the budget availability now to going to upgrade some -- those units that are getting older. So hopefully that will continue and may be even accelerate into next year.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty: Sure. And what were telesales in the quarter?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I haven't disclosed but it was over 10% of our sales again this quarter.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty: And then, Dan, I know you talked about a couple of items that impacted taxes on the quarter. Would you mind relisting those and may be quantifying how much of an impact those did have?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, the two main items were the return provision. We estimate our taxes each year, and then when you follow return, the return can differ from the estimate. We actually had a $425,000 benefit this quarter where our actual tax return had lower taxes than we'd accrued for in the result last year. Putting the domestic production activities deduction, which is a mouthful - by starting to take that that's going to lower effective tax rate roughly by 1%. So because we just put that in place or sort of a year to-date catch up that's worth about $200,000 in the quarter. And then the last thing is with disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options, the company can deduct incentive stock option expense for tax purposes until the employee had taxable income. So unlike non-bond like stock options, which we deduct over the service period incentive stock options you don’t deduct the expense around that until deploy actually has a disqualifying disposition and paid taxes. So we had some tax relief from that this quarter as well.
Rick Smith: Okay, now let's go and take a question that came in from Twitter. The question was how much of a threat does Google Glass pose in the short term and long term future to take this AXON Flex and the body cameras? It's a great question. I have got a Google Glass, we're early explorers, it is a great product, I really enjoy it and we see really our strategy is to enable these consumer devices to be deployed by law enforcement through our fine infrastructure. So Google Glass will be a great option for customers down the road. I would say that I have shown Glass to a number of law enforcement officers. The current iteration of Glass is probably not going to really fit the needs of patrol police officers for a couple of reasons. Probably the biggest one is officers really are very particular about keeping their visual fields distraction free. If they are going into an environment they want to keep their peripheral vision they want to keep their hearing free on both sides and really be able to focus on the threat environment around them. And as again Google Glass is a fantastic product, but having the screen in your visual field can be quite distracting and the vast majority of officers I showed it to said for patrol use or for detective use they would not wear that while doing a sizable job. They would prefer to have a camera that unobtrusive that it does not really come into their visual fields, Frank. They do not want to think about the camera or their computer screens when they are actually in an incident. I would say we are also keeping an eye on what's happening in the smart watch space, the wearable computing. Based on early customer feedback we take that for alerting purposes something on the rest is probably more amendable to law enforcement use case that way they can choose to look at it or not with the vibration type of alert, but not have things popping up in their visual field that could be distracting at critical moments. So we remain excited to see what happens in the consumers space and again actually part of the EVIDENCE.com plan is to enable our customers to use these great consumer technologies seen what they're having to buy and build a bunch of IT infrastructure on site.
 : We look forward to updating on our fourth quarter progress on our next call in February. And for those if you are interested, I will be appearing on CNBC's Fast Money tonight at 05:30 pm Eastern. So tune in and I will get to chance to talk to more about the great things happening with TASER and EVIDENCE.com. So everyone have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, you may now disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO 
Analysts:  Mark Strauss - JPMorgan  Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company Glenn Mattson - Sidoti and Company 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TASER International Inc. Q2 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions to follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today, Mr. Rick Smith, CEO; you may begin.
Rick Smith : Thank you and good morning to everyone. Welcome to our second quarter of 2013 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I am going to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt : Thank you. Today’s call will include forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International, Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date they are made, and are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in the press release which we issued today in a greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on our website at www.taser.com.
Rick Smith : Great. Thanks Dan. As a reminder we are going to accepting some questions today with the twitter during the Q&A portion of the call. And you can submit your questions using the hash tag TASR_EARNINGS, and to follow our updates on twitter during the call in general, just follow our account at the app sign TASER_IR, again that’ app TASER spelled out not the ticker symbol. So add TASER_IR. And we will be posting some graphics and commentary during the call. So I am proud to be kicking off another earnings call to discuss results of the hard work the team here at TASER International has been doing.  Sales for the second quarter were $32.2 million, which is the second highest quarter of sales in the company’s history on a consolidated basis. Even more impressive is the fact that this is the sixth quarter of consecutive growth year-over-year for topline and double digit growth. Our three growth pillars, the weapons upgrade cycle, the international expansion and the on-officer video opportunity continued in position as for strong growth moving forward. Specifically out CEW segment, the Weapon segment, delivered revenues that were up 12.4%, to $30.3 million year-over-year. And our Video segments grew 47.4% to $1.9 million compared to last year second quarter. In addition our international business made up about 15% of sales in the quarter so we do continue to invest in our (inaudible) as Dan will touch on later in the call. Now before moving to more details about the quarter’s result, I would like to spend a few minutes on a significant strategic move we announced this morning; the introduction of an industry leading body camera called Axon Body at a disruptive price point under $300. We have identified three market segments for on-officer video. The first segment is focused on a high performance product that officers hit point of view from the officers’ visual perspective. Well I should be sending out over twitter, a graphic of the market segment.  So this first market segment is obviously up into the right, in purple if you could see that graphic. So our Axon Flex product is perfect for this high performance market segment for head cameras. And we believe we are winning the significant majority of the market in this segment. In fact since we introduced Flex last year, I am personally unaware of any orders that we have lost to a competitor in the United States in this segment. Of course it’s a large road out there, and there may be competitive orders, that we aren’t aware of, but we are winning the ones on our radar screen in this segment domestically. There is a second segment in the market, which also requires a high quality, rugged and weather proof police camera. However this segment favors convenience over performance. So but if only these are the officers who don’t want to wear a camera on their head or have to run a wire from the camera to a battery package at time they suit up. This market segment is willing to accept less performance namely, the back of the video is fixed from their chest, and it doesn’t fall over the officers’ point of view or head movements. They are willing to give up that performance in exchange for more convenient and comfortable product that they just clip on their vest and go.  This market segment would end up buying police grade body cameras typically in the same price range of which we sell AXON Flex in the $700 to $1000 range. However, until now we have not had a body camera to compete in this segment.  There is a third segment of the market that is highly price sensitive. These are typically agencies that are new to on-officer video, and are trying it out for the first time. These customers will typically buy a consumer grade camera such as you might find in Sky Mall for around a $100. When these segments – the customers in this segment see higher prices of the rugged eyed police cameras, they don’t even evaluate them. Many agencies that buy the cheap consumer grade cameras end up seeing the value of video but having a poor experience with the equipment itself.  Further we learn the logistics cost of having officers sit at a computer to manually offload videos on to CDs or local hard drives; at about 20 minutes per officer per day this lost productivity accounts for about $4,000 per officer, per year. So net sum, buying a cheap camera, you spend a lot of money on lost productivity. Now so many agencies that start in this third low price segment eventually shift up into the professional grade equipment after experiencing the limitations of the consumer gear. An example of this is the Albuquerque Police Department. Albuquerque previously purchased around a 1,000 consumer grade cameras. They are experiencing high breakage rate, over a 100% per year and huge logistics cost. Albuquerque tested AXON Flex, has began purchasing and transitioning over to Flex and Evidence.com. Chief (inaudible) recently talked at a police conference about dramatic improvement and reliability efficiency that they are seeing with AXON and Evidence.com solution when compared to the prior system they were using. While we could take a position that we would focus solely on the high end of the camera market, and allow our customers to migrate toward us like Albuquerque did. We don’t believe this is the right strategy. The long term value in this business will not be in the camera hardware. It is in the software and services that handle the tidal wave of digital information, seamlessly and easily. Our goal here is not to have a profitable camera hardware segment in a portion of the market. Our goal is to build a software platform with evidence.com that creates long term defensible and profitable value, this means we need to accelerate the market and focus on how do we get to a 100% market share, not focus on building a profitable camera hardware product in a smaller subset of the market. We believe AXON Body is a key element in our strategy to accelerate our market penetration, so its return to our three market segments, AXON Flex is a well suited to per segment for high performance point of view video. AXON Body now used this as product that outperforms every product in the second market segment for rugged eye please spay body cameras. No other product in that segment offers a full work shift battery with prevent buffer, fantastic low light capability, and automatic data uploads and integration with service like evidence.com, and we’re selling it under half the price of our typical competitor. In banks, we’re selling the hardware at a price down near our cost levels something that would not make sense for a hardware only vendor to do, but because of the evidence.com service business and the long term value for customer we believe it make sense to follow a disruptive pricing strategy to gain dominant market share and fast. We believe customers will love our camera and they will also love the evidence.com service that handles all the technology challenges seamlessly. We believe that AXON Body should have a dominant position in this second premium market segment and AXON Body also gives us a good shot at the third very price sensitive segment, so while there is so much cheaper consumer cameras out there at 299 we believe we’re close enough in price to win a significant share in this third market segment. And leading up to the call today, we actually receive a question by email as to now that we've introduced AXON Body at 99 why would agencies continue to pay 950 for the AXON Flex, and the answer is simple, the AXON Flex still comes with a bundled full year of the evidence.com service and it offers the ability to mount upon the head in about a dozen different mounting location, so for the premium buyer who is looking for the top tier capability and during that first year they don’t want to have to worry about your configuration settings done at evidence.com et cetera, they get an unlimited evidence.com package, so apples to apples we believe both products have place in the marketplace but we did feel it was important with AXON Body, what we are really trying to do is make our technology acceptable to the low end price segment of the market who otherwise aren’t paying attention to the high end segment. So, they’re de-bundling evidence.com from AXON Body, get this into those accounts and it’s obviously much easier to upgrade an existing customer onto evidence.com because AXON Body can be used with our without evidence.com. We believe it’s in our interest to have our cameras in those agencies, not some consumer camera that we have to later displace. So now that having with both AXON Flex and AXON body coupled with the aggressiveness of our pricing strategy, we’re focused on consolidating in the market and avoiding fragmentation among numerous hardware vendors. In the past few months I’ve been talking with many chiefs from some of the largest agencies in the North America and they’re now consistently saying that within five to 10 years every officer will be wearing a camera, obviously we find this very encouraging but let ask ourselves, how do we turn five to 10 years into one or two years and probably answer is AXON Body, but other camera that gives us the ability to serve all three major market segments and price them so aggressively, we remove the cost barrier for new agencies to adapt this new technology. We are very excited to see how the next two quarters develop with both AXON Flex and AXON body as well as evidence.com.  Now we’re turning to the quarter, last quarter I’ve talked about the launch of the X26P Smart Weapon which integrated many of the new features of the X2 but kept the same training requirements and form factors the legacy X26P. We saw strong interest in the first quarter and that trend has continued this quarter with sales of the product continuing to grow. The X26P has seamlessly integrated itself into our suite of products and the feedback continues to be very positive. The upgrade cycle is currently benefited from our strong product platform, as of June 30, we have upgraded a total of 12% of our installed base of units that over five years old and this space opportunity grows each quarter as the old units continue to age out. Our sale teams are also hearing extremely positive feedback in response to our TASER protection plan and the TASER Assurance Plan programs. These are programs which help our customers smooth out future requirements for capital purchases such as TASER products. When people continue to see this program grows as our customers get more exposure to them and realize how much easier they can make the procurement process. for example, I recently heard a story from one of our sales team members about a visit in a major city to discuss their future TASER needs. at this meeting, there were law enforcement officers and city finance and procurement employees. Sensing and opportunity with all the players in the room our sales team simply asked what the biggest pain points were in their procurement process, the city personnel went onto describe a scenario that is easily resolved by our TAP program to the TASER Assurance Plan. The response upon learning more about our new purchase program was overwhelmingly positive and the city finance officials stated to the agency, you better plan this in your budget because it’s fantastic, it’s almost like this in a budgetary environment it continues to be on edge that show that a partnership approach and dedication of our team is paying off.  Moving onto international business, in the second quarter we have approximately 4.9 million in sales which is about 15% of total revenue. this is up from 10% of revenue last quarter. On a dollar basis, international sales increased 1.8 million or 58.5%. We’re happy to see these sequential progress but international revenues are still progressing little bit slower than we would like.  In the past, we’ve cautioned that international deals tend to be large in size and more intermittent in nature due to the varying profile of customers and the political processes. for example we’ve used France as an example while there is some local agencies which were in the market comes from very two large national agencies, the Police National and Don Marie. And working with agencies that size generally comes to more stakeholders in the decision process which inevitably takes longer. Now shifting gears a bit let’s discuss our video segment where we are really seeing promising momentum and trends. As I mentioned previously, the video segment grew over 47% year-over-year to 1.9 million in revenue during the second of 2013 on a GAAP basis. Now revenues were down sequentially largely due to a higher percentage of sales bookings for multiyear service contracts. Bookings for the video segment grew over 350% to 2.0 million albeit from a small base last year. so we continue to view bookings as a solid measure of traction in this business given the deferral of revenues related to evidence.com service. in fact positive things that we are seeing the Evidence.com portion of booking continuing to rise, we are seeing a lot of people that bought last year now coming in and renewing the service which is probably the most important trend you want to keep your eye on. Global interest in the AXON and Evidence.com Solutions is also increasing with trial now incurring in the UK, France, Australia, New Zealand, Brazil, Canada and other countries. New Zealand renewed their Evidence.com subscription in the second quarter based on strong favorable internal feedback they have received since its implementation. In addition, one prominent agency (inaudible) in Brazil made the Brazilian national news as a key technology needed for law enforcement in the region. We strongly feel our investments to grow the international part of the business will pay-off but RRI would like do not be seen for a period of 12 to 18 months from the time of our initial investments. Currently the majority of Flex sales include one for a year of Evidence.com given that we are one year past the first quarter shipment of Flex; we are going to hopefully be seeing an increasing number of customers renewing the data management service. As a result, as we move forward, we think the renewal rates of Evidence.com service will be a meaningful way for investors to track our progress. The On-Officer video is still a technology that is relatively new to the market and as such research is meaningful to show acceptance and reactions. A few months ago, we mentioned a groundbreaking relative study that detailed the dramatic reduction in complaints which fell by 87.5% and use of force which fell by almost 60% upon the introduction of On-Officer video to that agency. Chief Farrar who offered that study just within the past few weeks was actually awarded a major award from the Evidence-Based Policing society in the United Kingdom and it’s getting a lot of in fact that has spurred much interest in UK Police agencies to try to replicate that study in the United Kingdom. And since that time PoliceOne which is a major law enforcement online community has come out with a study that found over 90% of law enforcement officers that have responded to a survey saw a need for On-Officer video and nearly 50% of the responded saw TASR as being the market leader in this space, I think it speak volumes of our efforts and future potential in On-Officer video and data management. We are often asked how the budget-climate is progressing across our customer base which obviously something we monitor closely and we needed adjust our sales efforts accordingly. The aforementioned, TPP and TAPS programs are great examples of ways of us finding ways to become better partners with our customers and work around the budget-climate of the last few years. Today we are finding that are agencies that are spending money may do not in droves but the budget is recovering. Our Chief Operating Officer Jeff Kukowski has done a great job working with our sales team to find new ways to become a funded priority. We feel that if we are in the top two or three priorities for a chief, then there is a good chance that the deal will happen. Accordingly, we focus on (inaudible) places where we will be a top priority.  Another way we proactively address the sluggish budgetary environment is through our telesales function. This group has already proven to be a cost-effective way of reaching agencies that have historically been underserved by our outside sales team and the distribution network. This quarter yet again we provided immense value and booked $4.7 million in sales bookings. We are continuing to invest this team and continue to see ROI on each incremental investment. As of today, we have 12 individuals in this function. Finally, I want to discuss a new offering in the consumer segment, the StrikeLight. We announced the Taser StrikeLight earlier this month as a low price stun gun combining a flashlight offering the supplement to our suite of consumer products. Unlike our conductive (inaudible) weapon, StrikeLight did not causing incapacitations rather causes temporary pain and discomfort. We developed it as because we see rather consistent feedback from the market that there was a desire for a low profile device that was less aggressive. There were no darts to shoot, it has rechargeable battery and it has a much lower price point and it can basically do double duty, it functions as a flashlight. The initial feedback from customers and distributors has been phenomenal on this product, so we expect this to be incrementally beneficial to our business. The consumer segment historically (inaudible) but we now have a wide products to hopefully move that forward over the longer term. We also recently introduced a consumer version of (inaudible) X2 so we have now X2 multi-shot home defender at the high end of the range, we have our C2 affordable single shot Taser in the $400 price point range and now we have the StrikeLight at $129 and those are all available at Taser.com. You can go check them out. With that I am going to pass t over to Dan to go over the financials in more detail.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. As we mentioned earlier in the second quarter consolidated sales were $32.2 million, a 14% increase from the second quarter of 2012. The increase in sales were primarily driven by the continued option of the X26 Taser smart weapon which contribute $4.6 million in sales respectively in the second quarter. Cartridge sales also saw a significant increase year-over-year due to the increase in the conducted electrical weapons business as well as several distributor stocking order received during the quarter. Sales of our legacy X26 declined 1.7 million for the second quarter of ’13 when compared to the prior years as customers are embracing the new smart weapon platform. As Rick mentioned, as of June 30, 2013 we have upgraded approximately 12% of our installed base of units over five years old and we still feel we have a large opportunity in front of us. In fact our current calculation is roughly $400 million potential upgrades still to be had in the market. Gross margins for the second quarter of $19.7 million or 61.4% of revenue which is up from 58.5% in the prior year. As sales have increased with continue benefit from higher operating leverage within the cost of sold as well as the cost of the service delivered lines, there are number of fixed cost in both segments of the business, so as we generate higher sales, we do leverage those fixed cost and increase gross margin. We have also seen a $532,000 decrease in the cost of service delivered due to lower cost structure of a public filed versus in the prior year we are still operating out of our own data center. We are also seeing the benefit from higher selling prices and this quarter versus a same quarter of last quarter which is improving gross margins. In a video segment revenues increased $0.6 million year over year or 47.4% to $1.9 million in the second quarter of 2013. The loss from operation the video segment incurred from 2.5 million in the second quarter of ’12 to 2.7 million in the second quarter of ’13. The reduction in the cost to service delivered that we saw in this quarter was offset by higher investments and personnel and support cost in the business as well as some incremental cost relating to the redesign of our EVIDENCE transfer machine. There is cost associated with accelerating depreciation of that equipment as well as some write-offs of inventory of the first generation product. Sequentially, loss from operations in the video segment group $1.2 million from $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2013. Again, the decline was partially influenced by the lower product sales in the second quarter, about $0.5 million, compared to the first quarter. One of the big drivers is we had a large sales in the first quarter that was from a customer that was not going to use the EVIDENCE.com so that we were able to recognize the entire sale at the time of shipping versus the normal traditional sale where we allocate roughly half of the sale to EVIDENCE.com recognize over the service period. So, that sale allowed us to sort of accelerate the sale and deliver the higher gross margin for the video segment in the first quarter versus the second. We also have seen potential cost increases for SG&A due to expenses for account management, sales operations, implementation, services, as well as the hiring of Vice President of Information Security, those costs are driving up the cost in the video segment, but we do feel that those will pay off over time and help to grow the business. We did see, on the R&D side, R&D was relatively flat for the quarter. We had about $300,000 benefit in the quarter for a huge tax refund venture, the video R&D. Obviously, which backed it in the second half of the year the R&D expense will go up with that item that’s repeating itself as well as the additional investments we’ll make in the video segment. With that being said, we do expect the operating income to improve from these levels in the video business as the revenues in the segment grow. The sales, general and administrative expenses were $10.9 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared to $8.3 million in the second quarter of 2012. As a percentage of sales, SG&A was 34% of net sales in the second quarter of ’13 versus 29.4% in the second quarter of 2012. The primary driver for the increase was personal expenses, which increased approximately $1.3 million due to incremental strategic hirers we made over the last year in our efforts to grow the business and expand our customer facing team. We also expect (inaudible) our teams are brought as we work to and grow the international part of the business. The international expenses were up about $400,000 versus the same quarter last year. We also saw higher litigation expenses about $500,000 higher in the second quarter of 2013 versus 2012 due to the timing of litigation that tend to… we do have a number of case to come to trial so they are typically end of being higher spend in anticipation of that. Sales and marketing expenses increased year-over-year as a result of the higher commissions due to the higher sales value, that’s about $200,000 as well as $200,000 increase in some of our e-marketing activities that took place in this year versus the prior year. R&D expenses of $2 million in second quarter of ’13, that’s pretty much flat with the same period last year. Again, we did benefit from the Arizona huge tax refund of about $300,000 otherwise R&D within up about $300,000. So again expect to see R&D tick up in the second half of the year. Adjusted EBITDA, which excludes certain items as detailed in the press release, was $9.5 million for the second quarter of 2013 compared to $8.5 million for the second quarter of 2012 with improvement being driven by the leverage on the higher sales. Income from operations was $6.8 million in the second quarter this compares to $6.1 million in the second quarter of 2012. For the quarter, we had net income of $4.5 million or $0.09 per share basic and $0.08 per share on a diluted basis, compared to net income of $3.4 million or $0.06 per share and basis and diluted basis, in the second quarter of 2012. Moving on to the balance sheet, as of June 30th, the company has generated $7.7 million in operating cash flow. This has led to the company having $31.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and investments on the balance sheet. So the decrease of $6.1 million to levels we ended 2012 due to the $25 million share repurchase program being completed in the first six months of 2013. Accounts receivables of $16.9 million were down $1.2 million due to timing differences. Inventory grew to $0.2 million from the year end balances to $13.2 million, really just more generally attributed to the build-up in our weapons segment inventory anticipation in future sales. Investment and property plant equipment of $20 million is down roughly $1.9 million basically as the results of depreciation expense offset by roughly $800,000 of CapEx taken place so far this year in 2013. The total deferred revenue on the balance sheet of $15.6 million has actually increased $3.5 million from year end, primarily due to the upgrade program of the X26 and X2, which includes extended warranty. Also, the sales of AXON Flex and EVIDENCE.com solution have also increased deferred revenue. The deferred revenue relating to the video segment of the business actually grew $1.2 million from the 12/31/12 balances. Total liabilities were $33.3 million in the company since the quarter of $79.7 million of stockholders’ equity. Moving on to the slight information on cash flows, company had cash provided from operations of $7.7 million during the second quarter of 2013. In the six months ended June 30th, company had cash provided operations of $12.2 million. Net cash used in investment activities for the six months ended June 30th was $12 million. That’s really just by the purchases of investments during the quarter. Cash used in financing activities was $17.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2013 compared to $15.7 million used in the same period last year.  Again, during the six months ended June 30th this year, company has repurchased 3,048,000 shares at average price of $8.17 a share, so that’s really been outflow in our financing area of cash flow of 25 million. Again, this is partially offset by $3.9 million of tax benefit from employee stock option exercises as well as $4 million of cash provided by employee exercise in stock options. So the company gets the cash on the (inaudible) option that provided $4 million of cash so far this year. In order to leave out more time for the Q&A portion, we have included the unit sales statistics in our press release, so please refer to the release for that. With that we'll turn it back over to Rick Smith to take some questions.
Rick Smith:  With that Dan, do you want to start first with the questions from the line? Okay, long term's start on the line and then we'll go to the Twitter questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question is from Paul Coster of JPMorgan, your line is open.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan : This is Mark Straus on for Paul. I guess it still might be a bit too early to really have any really useful data. But the free evidence.com users that have passed their one year anniversary. Do you have any churn metrics that you are able to share?
Dan Behrendt:  I would say that it is pretty early in the game, I think the one thing that we can, what we have seen so far is the people, we do moderate usage on the system, people who are actively using the system throughout their first year of free products are renewing. So we're encouraged by that. So we'll continue to watch that closely. And we just don't have that big a universe yet. But I think so far people who are using the system are renewing it. So that's it, I think that also sort of supports the strategy the account management we put in place this year, where we want our people here making sure customers have good experiences during that past year in order to drive the renewal, that's really one of the key metrics for all the people, for their customers are making sure that they have great experience. So when that free year is up, they renew.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan :  And then on the video gross margin, Dan you kind of talked about a write-off for the first generation Flex. How significant was that, what you have spent above breakeven and stripping out that kind of one-time item?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah we would have been above breakeven, that was about $250,000 in the quarter, so it's pretty significant. The other thing is the lower gross margin due to the products sales mix because of the sale of the standalone product in Q1 versus this quarter it was about $190,000. So with those two items removed we would have had positive gross margin in the quarter.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan : And just couple more, I understand overtime the rationale for the body video products and will spur evidence.com and higher margins eventually with that. But how should we think about near-term margins maybe without giving guidance in the back half for the year. Should we expect the video gross margin to be above zero?
Dan Behrendt: Obviously as Rick as the new body cameras priced close to our cost, so really there is not going to be an awful lot of contribution coming from that product. I mean the good news is we will cover our cost, and because it does not include the free year of evidence.com, the expectations we'll see the service revenue from those sales. And those will be profitable sales. We just have to, it won't be at the time of selling, you will see that over the vary use of the products. So I don't expect a large negative impact in the near term, although obviously it's not going to be as bigger contributor out of the gate, but we do expect it over time, the model is really built on driving people to evidence.com. We think this is a very solid strategy to do that.
Mark Strauss - JPMorgan :  And then last one really simply, I apologize if I missed this. But how many shares did you buyback during the quarter and what's the status of the buyback program?
Dan Behrendt: Yes we completed the buyback program; we bought back a little over 3 million shares year to date for the total year. And I think it's about $2 million in the quarter, but 2.3 million of those in the quarter. But total free years 3.38 million shares, and we have completed the buyback at this point.
Operator:  The next question is from Greg of Craig-Hallum Capital. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you maybe just quantify the size of each of the three on-officer video markets you talk about, maybe in terms of number of officers, monetary opportunity, maybe kind of characterize difference in adoption rates, expectations between the three markets?
Rick Smith: Yes, it's hard for us to really give a great idea of the scale of the market. We really identify those three market segments through surveys. And I would say based on survey results which isn't really normalized based on agencies which is based on number of respondents. It seems to be about a third of third of third that about a third of the market was going for the head cams, about a third was going for body cameras in the premium segments and about a third were just the price based buyers. But what I can really tell you how that would translate into volume per say we do, the way I think about volume is I sat at the major city chiefs, with a number of chiefs that do not have on officer video programs right now. So guys like, Chiefs like Christopher Bank in Salt Lake and Rialto in Albuquerque, these guys that have officers video, they definitely see on officer video being standard equipment in five or ten years. What was really exciting for me was talking to other chiefs that do not have any on-officer video program. And two or three of them say we see it coming as well, we're not there yet, but within the next five to 10 years we know we're going to have to get on-officer getting up and going. So there has been a real shift in the way the market is thinking about it. A year ago those sorts of chiefs that didn't have programs were saying things like well I am not really sure video is for me and I don't know if it hurts or helps, that is really shifting.  And there is two things that are doing that, one was data like what’s coming out of Rialto, chief for our Rialto beginning a lot of exposure in the law enforcement community with the results really showing in a well-controlled study, dramatic productions and complains and the other thing is just the rise of smartphones officers are now, I think on the page I study show that 90% of officers are now thinking, hey we see a need for cameras, because they know they are being recorded, any time something controversial happens, consumers are taking their cameras out. So, few dynamic, we need to believe the potential market for officer video is every corporate and inform in the U.S.  How you divide that market between the three segments and I think they’re three segments we’ve discussed, really are the three segments that matter across that market. High performance headcams type performance body and low price entry point. 
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, that’s helpful. Sorry if I missed this but did you give any kind of order expectations for the rest of 2013 for the new body cam product that you just introduced. 
Rick Smith: We haven't provided that. 
Unidentified Analyst : Kind of moving at the AXON Flex unit sales you provided are helpful. Can you talk about general order rates; we’re just trying to get an idea of how many of those units sales are from maybe pilot programs versus full roll out follow on orders etcetera. 
Rick Smith: It’s fairly long sales cycle, we’re still seeing a lot of what we consider to be in this opening order as people evaluate are on-officer camera solution, there is a thought as we move into the second half of this year and into 2014, those trials become potential for now for the adoption of the technology but it’s still a fair amount of trial activity out there versus people who are rolling out these organization. 
Dan Behrendt:   I would say that we have that some of these just go full deployment, whether buying it for other guys but those so far have been 100 to 200 mad agencies like (inaudible) and we've got a couple other agencies go full roll out but take the largest or in that 100 to 200 range.  We’ve added a fair number of pay trials where we have larger agencies buying maybe 50, maybe a 100 of them. The good news is that some of those agencies are coming back and they are continuing to buy in additional increments and we are expecting to see some of those agencies come back with more significant purchase increments in the second half of this year. 
Unidentified Analyst : Just a couple more quick ones. Kind of moving on to international results, can you talk about maybe what markets you still feel like there is a good opportunity and kind of maybe what it takes to help accelerate the growth there?
Rick Smith: I think it’s really the same markets we’ve talked about historically. Obviously we're making investments in countries like France, India, Brazil. So, I think they have good opportunity, as Rick mentioned it takes a fair amount of patients because the time from when we start making those investments so we start seeing those payoff is basically 12 to 18 months or maybe even beyond 18 months, you have to do a fair amount of pick and shovel work in the beginning in order to get the benefit later, we still see significant opportunities in the countries where they’ve gone beyond procurement cycle in to the evaluation and procurement in places like Singapore, South Korea, Australia, New Zealand and UK are all areas where they’ve kind of gone beyond that sort of the initial trial phase into the procurement phase. So, those continue to be attractive market for us as well. 
Dan Behrendt: I think we also start the future with that really enter into more be upgrade cycle which spend more predominantly in the U.S. now that France has weapons, their stock of inventories is now all over the five year mark and we’re having some discussion there about timing for when those weapons can get upgraded, similarly in the United Kingdom a big bulk of the weapons there are getting that five to seven year time frame. So, we see upgrade opportunities in addition to new expansions in the international markets. 
Unidentified Analyst : Tax rate for the second half from which you expect kind of the similar rate to the first half or… 
Rick Smith:   The tax rate we benefited is actually kind of interesting. We benefited from incentive stock option exercises during the quarter, incentive stock options are deductible by the company as they invest, not qualified options are deductible as they invest incentive stock options, you can't deduct that until the employee actually has a taxable event. So, because of the fairly large amount of stock option exercises during the quarter and the good news is they brought in $4 million of cash that also helped to offset some factual income because now you can do that those stock options that brought our cash rate down about 35%. We do expect that the effective tax rate in the second half of the year probably be back in that 38% to 39%. 
Operator:   Thank you. The next question is from Peter Mahon of Dougherty. Your line is open. 
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: How many units, how many users are on the evidence.com system? 
Rick Smith:   We’ve got over 1,000 agencies that are active users meaning they’ve used it in the past 30 to 60 days and that’s the metric we tend to watch internally, I think it’s over 2,000 agencies that have accounts in total. now many of them are using the free version of evidence.com for managing their TASER weapons where they do handling the TASER uploads, updating the form or etcetera. Some of the are more sporadic users, may or may not upload their weapons more than once a year or do firmware updates.  So we’re actually looking at some features in evidence.com we can use to help make evidence.com a more frequent sort of usable system for the people around the free version. So we find actually once they’re using it more, it’s easier for us to up sell them to the paid services. and then in terms of active numbers of users, I say the 3,000 to 5,000 range that are uploading data on a regular basis in terms of individual users. 
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: Just to kind of recap, but 1,000 active agencies and about 3,000 to 5,000 active users, how many of those 1,000 agencies are actually paying for the service currently?
Dan Behrendt:  So in that case we would say it’s about half of the active agencies and it would be the majority of the active users because the users tend to be a lot more active when they have got cameras and when I say paid I am including people that might be in their first year of evidence.com because this basically pays for that with the deferred revenues bundled in at the time of purchase. But the majority of the 3,000 to 5,000 are camera users because in agencies that are using evidence.com lite the free version you might have an agency with 100 officers you are probably going to have just one admin who is logging in and doing the weapons administration. So for somebody who is downloading their TASER device they don’t do that themselves typically they'll bring it in they will hand it to the TASER program administrator that person will log in plug in the TASER device, upload the firmware download the data and give it back to the officer. So the free using agencies tend to have just administrative users, the pay using agencies so everything with a camera effectively is a user that’s probably at least plugging into a dock and uploading but then also you have to log in to the system and be doing to work for around their videos.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company:  Thank you for that clarification. I just wanted to talk about gross margins briefly you guys did increase those nicely year-over-year and you attributed that largely to using the third-party cloud services in your videos segment. How high do you think that we can get that gross margin rate is there still kind of room to run with the use of the third-party cloud services are we kind of reaching a point now where those kind of topped out?
Dan Behrendt:  Yes it’s a good question this is Dan I think there is obviously still room for leverage in the model we could obviously as our sales continue to increase you still have the ability to leverage (inaudible) cost which gives us the ability to improve that. I would say that as Rick mentioned earlier we had -- telesales had a tremendous quarter that also helps gross margin because that’s those sales tend to be direct and as a result we see our full MSRP versus getting a distributor pricing out now it’s not that and kind of that telesales function to take that business direct because we just want to serve that underserved part of the market but that does improve our margin because we see a higher average selling price and that looks to be honest with you a bigger component of the improvements in margin this quarter our average selling prices are up close to 4% from the same quarter last year which is 4% improvement in margin. But that easily could move the other way depending on either product mix or more business falling through distribution versus the direct business. So we are certainly sort of comfortable in the tranche I would say that I think that further improvements from these levels require higher sales and a similar product mix as far as number of direct sales versus distribution sales.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: And then kind of transitioning to the videos segment how do you guys evaluate these investments that you are making. I mean it seems like you are consistently adding people and capabilities and things like that yet it seems like your capacity is really being underutilized based on the kind of the revenue that’s flowing through the system right now. Do you really see there is this massive pent up demand or massive opportunity that’s going to right on the cusp of being realized to kind of ramping up for that or how do you think about that because it would be nice to see those videos same losses kind of shrink rather than grow?
Rick Smith:  So this is Rick Smith absolutely we see a bog opportunity in the near to midterm but the question is what the market sentiment it’s definitely shifted in a very favorable way. I think the market leaders are pretty universally saying on officer video is coming. The question is how fast and a bigger question for us the reason that we are being doing some pretty aggressive things like we have with AXON Body is we think our primary talent is to make sure that market doesn’t fragment if it fragments into seven to 10 hardware vendors each with a relatively small market share that for us would not be good the value of evidence.com can be massive if we get massive adoption in the marketplace. It’s all about being right now it’s about grabbing as much market share as possible once we are in with evidence.com we already have agencies asking us to develop advanced features frankly given new software products that we could deliver to them could accrue with evidence.com once we are in an agency administrating their users have their security setting setup administrating their evidence on evidence.com not only is evidence.com itself a very valuable property but we now have a sales channel very similar to what you see with salesforce.com we are a sales force customer we are now starting to buy several of the other related products from sales force in addition to their sales force management we are doing our customer service our HR we are doing a lot of our marketing that we are evaluating some of their other systems as well because we are finding as a sales force head wow we are already setup on it we can expand into seeking other systems so our IT group doesn’t have to be running more systems on-site. So as A class customer we are seeing that the beauty of that business model and how wonderful it is when you have a good customer experience our customer are obtaining that as well but it’s a relatively small portion of the market that we have using it today but to me the most encouraging thing is that people that are using evidence.com are renewing. We had a good number of renewals at last quarter to my awareness I am not aware of an agency with a significant user of evidence.com that has decided to go off the system and try and handle the data themselves what we are hearing is wow, this works great we like it.  And so as we look at the market I can’t tell you if it’s this quarter, next quarter or next year but we are making these investments because we see that there is a huge opportunity here and it’s ours to lose at this point we have got several year head start in the sort of visual evidence management cost services in law enforcement and we're going after it pretty aggressively.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company:  And then finally from me, you guys I assume are still kind of running a trade in program on your X-26 and X-3 unit, could you kind of remind us where that stands today?
Rick Smith:  It’s at a $115 for this quarter going down to a $100 in the fourth quarter, so we are continuing to sort of try to create urgency with customers to upgrade sooner by having sort of that amount of the trade in shrink over time, but it'll be down at that $100 level by the end of this year.
Operator:  Thank you, the next question is from Glenn Mattson of Sidoti and Company, your line is open.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti and Company:  Hi guys interesting new announcement on the AXON body, quick on that note, do you expect to see any cannibalization of the upper segment? I know you do a lot of customer feedback types work so maybe you have some feedback into that but also have you kind of run this through your long term model and does it change what you've kind of presented at the analyst day or is this just kind of part of the price erosion that you expected over time?
Rick Smith:  So this is Rick, let me first talk about cannibalization, absolutely we expect we're going to see some cannibalization of agencies that would have stayed with just purchasing Flex because of the evidence.com convenience fees, they would not have bought a body cam but at least a portion of their officers, (inaudible) hey this great, because they do have some officers that, they sort of complain about having to wear something up on their head, they don’t like that first and so the chief can now say look, I’ll give you guys a different options so those guys they can wear the body cam, so it will cannibalize some of it. I don't think that that matters a whole lot in the financial models in that the fact we don't bundle in evidence.com. we really sell the Flexes at 950; we end up deferring say about half the revenue.
Dan Behrendt: That's right and our average selling price of Flex is sort of the realized price is probably close to 725 and roughly half of that gets deferred, so as we look at, yes we bought out AXON body in order to add a low price to drive adoption and capture a bigger portion of video market. So although there will be a lot of gross margin from the seller and we do think having more users in the system will drive the user count up and therefore yes, we remain comfortable in sort of the long term the 2017 targets that we presented at the analyst day, we'll just sort of get there a different way, with just more higher user count and obviously the service part of this, this is highly profitable so that's really long term goal here is to get as many people into the system as possible.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti and Company: Okay, sounds good, and then in the weapons business can you give us any color on the visibility into the second half, I mean I think last quarter you said that you had some deals that got pushed out or whatever, so do have a good feel for the pipeline heading into the back part of the year?
Dan Behrendt:  Still you know, we still feel good about that part of the business, there's still as we mentioned earlier, there's 88% of that installed base that's over five years that's not upgraded yet so that continues to provide a solid pipeline and certainly a large number of customers to talk to about the new platforms or weapons, so the results have been very good so far and we feel good about the opportunity in front of us there.
Rick Smith:  Okay with that we'll take a question from Twitter, (inaudible) said will you look at big bucks retailers for your consumer products rather than just e-tailing? So taking a rear looking view with our the Taser weapons what we found was big bucks retailers a. were sort of scared of the idea of taking the Tasers that fired a dart, and then b. those that did take the C2 for example we were in one of the major sporting goods retailers and frankly it didn't do very well with it and our belief is that's because consumers that come in, it's a new enough product concept, consumers need a fair amount of hand holding, so what we found our traditional C2 and those other again, the dart throwing weapons do well in things like gun stores, small specialty retailers where you've got people that are pretty well trained that are kind of private experts as well as online where people come to our website and do the research and learn about the devices.  The flashlight is a game changer in that respect in that the fact that it is not, people don’t look at it as a weapon, it doesn't fire darts. in our consumer testing that led development on that product we found a lot of people that particularly thankfully I the female segment that got squeamish at the idea of putting something in their purse that would fire out projectiles were much more comfortable with the idea of a flashlight that has an electric arc, it's a very bright loud electric arc as a deterrent but they're like going to well, I can’t really screw this up frankly. It's not like I can shoot some darts out and hit somebody by accident, so they might carry it on a walk or in their car, in their purse more comfortably and more frequently.  We've also seen that same dynamic with some of the larger retailers, where they're looking at this very differently it's more sort of a high end security flashlight, not a weapon, so we are getting more interest from big bucks retailers than we did historically and we do think that the lower price point 129, and the simplified nature of the product that it can be successful in big bucks, it's not going to require all the questions and answers and the handholding that selling one of the weapons does, so obviously, it's a new product, we haven't announced anything with big bucks retailers but I would say it does look much more promising than with our traditional weapons. And so with that let`s go ahead and wrap up the call for today. You can continue to send questions and our IR department will respond over Twitter or by email, to ir@taser.com and we appreciate you all tuning in. You obviously look pretty proud and excited, just had a good first half and we're really forward to the second half this year and see how the market continues to develop for on officer video and continue to drive upgrades. Right, thanks everyone, have a great day.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's program, you may now disconnect, good day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Paul Coster - JP Morgan Glen Mattson - Sidoti & Company Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TASER International, Incorporated Quarter One 2013 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session with instructions to follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Sir you may begin.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Before we get started this morning, I am going to have Dan go ahead and read the Safe Harbor statement and then we’ll get started.
Dan Behrendt: Good morning. Safe Harbor statement. Today’s call includes forward-looking statements including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding future. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International, Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the day on which they are made, are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. All forward-looking statements that are made on today’s call are subject to risk and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially. These risks are discussed in the press release we issued today and in greater detail in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 under the caption Risk Factors. You may find both of these filings as well as our other SEC filings on the website at www.taser.com. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Great. Thanks Dan. Alright, so surely you’ve all seen the press release this morning. The team here has been working hard and again I think bringing some great results. First quarter revenues were up 19% from $25.6 million last year to $30.4 million this year; most of that driven by law enforcement agencies purchasing and upgrading to our new Smart TASER Weapon platforms, the X2 and X26P. You all are familiar with the X2 which we’ve been selling for several years, the X26P is a new product where we integrated many of the new smarter features and upgraded to an all digital platform, any device that does not require changes in user training or behavior, so it's a very seamless upgrade for agencies that have already deployed the X26. We received extremely positive feedback from the market. For those agencies that are looking to be increasing their capabilities, the X2 has been wildly adopted and is widely selected, but for a lot of agencies that are dealing with a tougher budgetary environment and reduced training staff, there was just really one of key things simple, yet still upgrade to new technology. The X26P has been frankly a home-run. Those agencies see it as being responsive to the voice of the customer that it really meets their needs in particular with simplifying their deployment process. And one example of that is that less than 90 days after it's launch by March, the X26P in the month of March outsold the X26 and it was certainly too early to call that a trend or to depend on that going forward, but that's pretty remarkable for a new weapon to have that happen that quickly. So we are seeing the intended features of the X26P making it easy to adopt, do seem to be resonating well in the market. The CEW, the weapon segment revenues were up 13% over the prior year to $28 million. In the Video segment, we saw an increase of $1.5 million or 175% up to $2.4 million in the first quarter of 2013, up from a small base the year prior. Sequentially, Video segment revenues grew $0.6 million or 32% in the fourth quarter. Also, we saw net operating losses; we’ve had those by 50% over last year, down from $3 million to $1.5 million in the first quarter. Obviously, part of that is due to the increasing revenues, a part of that is due to continued optimization in that business unit. Gross margins overall were up by 61% from 59% in a year ago period. Our SG&A expenses were down sequentially 10% in the fourth quarter, although up 27% from the prior year, as we have talked about increasing our investments in customer facing roles as we transition from a company that traditionally just sold weapons or products in the box to a more solution sales company, we’ve created a whole new customer facing functions in order to do that and believe those investments are paying off. We also did see some increase in litigation activities about $0.5 million compared to last year. And before I hand it to Dan, let me comment briefly on litigation. We are seeing a very promising trend in our litigation; many of you know that we have take a number of steps including revision of our warnings in 2009 and 2010 and since that time, given that most of our cases are related to warnings not actually to any product feedbacks, we have seen rate of litigation drop significantly over the past year. And one example of that is, two years ago we had 60 active cases and today we have only 25; so we’ve cut the number of that cases by more than half, and the rate of dismissals is significantly greater than the rate of new litigation. As a caution, for modelling purposes we don't expect to see financial benefits from the decreasing trend for probably at least a year to 18 months due to the lifetime between when cases are bottomed and how they are adjudicated, we are still working through the backlog in cases from prior to those days. But for the long term, obviously this is a very promising trend in the business.
 :
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Rick. As Rick mentioned, revenues for the first quarter was $30.4 million, which is up approximately $4.8 million or 18.7% form the prior year. The increase in sales versus the prior is mostly driven by the continued adoption of the X2 Conducted Electrical Weapons as well as the adoption of the new X26P CEW that was announced in January 2013. The North American law enforcement business continues to be strong mostly driven by the upgrade cycle of the X2 and X26P CEW; we actually sold $8.1 million of the X26P and X2 CEW handles in Q1 and North American law enforcement sales were actually up 31% over the first quarter of 2012. The upgrade opportunity in North America remains one of our growth drivers and ones that were started continue into 2013. Gross margin was $18.5 million or 60.6% of revenues which is up slightly from 59.4% from the prior year. We continue to see the benefit of higher operating leverage in the business as the fixed and semi-fixed accessories in manufacturing overhead are levered up as we see increased sales. We also had a higher percentage of drop shipments in other direct sales to customers in the quarter, which increases our average selling price, and our average selling price in that business has a partial offset and that for some of the drop shipments we actually have higher variable selling expenses because we pay distributors their commission in SG&A when we drop ship on their behalf. Cost of service delivered decreased $417,000 as we continue to realize the lower cost structure that we benefit from moving to a public cloud web services from our own data center and we made that move, completed that in about mid-way through last year and started seeing the full benefit in the fourth quarter and that continues into the first quarter here. SG&A expenses were $11.2 million for the first quarter of 2013 compared to $8.9 million in the first quarter of 2012; as a percentage of sales of SG&A were 36.8% of net sales in Q1 of ‘13 versus 34.5% in 2012, so comparable levels overall. The primary driver for the increase was personnel costs which increased $1.1 million due to the making of additional strategic hires as part of our ongoing commitment to enhance our customer facing capabilities. Variable selling expenses also increased and the quarter when (inaudible) prior quarter again we invested at Q2 you know paying [tributes] or (inaudible) as well as paying higher commissions for our inside sales people when they make some of these direct sales. We also saw increase to trade show expenses in the first quarter due to the technology summit we conducted for our video segment and then legal related expenses as Rick mentioned increased approximately $0.5 million when compared to the first quarter of 2012.  SG&A expenses in the video segment overall increased $341,000 when compared to first quarter of 2012, as a result of investment in customer facing rules as well as technology summit. We also had an additional $210,000 of increases in SG&A to support the growth of our international business. The research and development cost of $2 million for the quarter which are pretty much flat compared to 2012 and really are in line with sort of the run rate. We are seeing efficiencies in consulting and the decline in depreciation expense offset by some higher payroll related expenses. We do expect R&D expenses to trend up over the year especially in the video business as we saw some critical opening positions and reinvest in those. When you look at the segment results, you will see the video business R&D came down over the quarter, that's really mostly a result of hardware R&D you know there's folks that are the (inaudible) office to support the hardware development in Flex and TASER cam. Those expenses have come down in the first quarter as those products have matured up to the point where they don't need as much work.  Moving on to adjusted EBITDA which includes the add backs for depreciation, stock compensation among other items was $7.7 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared to $6.9 million in the first quarter of 2012, with improvements being here mostly by the higher sales levels. We have a table that's reconciled adjusted EBITDA to net income in their earnings release you can refer to. Income from operations for the quarter is $5.3 million and we saw net income in the first quarter of $3.3 million or $0.06 a share on both basic and diluted basis. This compares to $3.8 million or $0.07 a share on basic and diluted basis in the first quarter of 2012 below the prior year. If you remember that I said from the $2.2 million reduction in the accrual on the (inaudible) case so it’s more of a normalized basis results this year were better.  As we move on to the balance sheet for assets, we finished the quarter with $38.6 million of cash. We are able to offset the $5.4 million that we spent repurchasing common stock back through the quarter as part of the $25 million buyback approved on February 25, 2013 with operating cash flow and cash flow from the tax yield provided by employee stock option exercises. We actually bought back 702,866 shares during the quarter for $5.4 million with an average purchase price of $7.61 per share. Accounts receivables $16.8 million are down $1.3 million from year end due to the timing of collections that occurred during the quarter. Inventory of $11.8 million is up about $800,000 from the year end balance, mostly attributed to build up of X2 and X26 inventory, X26P inventory, in anticipation of the sales trends for 2013. We saw the investment in property equipment at $21.2 million is actually down $800,000 when compared to the prior year end. The net decrease includes approximately $949,000 in depreciation expense offset by some capital expenditures of about $609,000 of CapEx in the quarter. Most of that was for production equipment, with some purchases, computer equipment as well as maintenance in the first quarter and this whole asset as of March 31, 2013, where $117.1 million. To move on liability and equity such as balance sheet, accounts payable of 4.8 million is actually down 1.4 million from year-end due to the timing of some check run and processing of voices. Through liabilities is 6.8 million decrease, 0.3 million from earlier results of the timing of bonus payments incurred in Q4 which were paid out in Q1. Total deferred revenue of 13.8 million is actually increased to 1.7 million from year-end, primarily due to increase sales of X26P and X2. Both of those being sold in with traded programs that included extended warranties, so we're seeing higher warranty purchases because we're selling more of those products with the warranty bundled in as well as the deferral revenue associated with evidence.com service which actually grew deferred revenue of $767,000 over the fourth quarter of 2012 due to increased sales of the video segment. As people probably remember, with the selling of Axon Flex video products, the deferring revenue related to Evidence.com service, so the revenue for that will be for the (inaudible) fee recognized over service period of between 1 and 5 years depending on the contracted the customer is signing with us. And of the $13.8 million of deferred revenue on the balance sheet, 2 million of that is actually related in to Evidence.com service and that continues to grow pretty sharply from the fourth quarter balances which I think is a good trend.  Total liabilities of 28.9 million and the company’s best quarter was 88.2 million of stockholder’s equity. Again we have no long term in the balance sheet other than small capital leads and continue to have plenty of liquidity and small cash flow in the core business to fund our R&D efforts and operations as we move in to the future. We're looking at cash flow information. We did have a cash flow provided from operations of $4.5 million during the first quarter of 2013. We also had some net cash provided from investing activities in the first quarter of 2013, mostly driven by some maturing short term investments of $1.7 million during the quarter, it won’t reinvest in the quarter because we made a decision to change investing advisors in early Q2 so it just made a cleaner transition to those short term investment matured late March and we just waited to invest them in April. Cash used in finance activity is just $3.3 million; again that’s driven mostly by the stock buyback of $5.4 million executed in Q1 partially offset by 1.9 million tax benefit from employee stock option exercises. We finished this quarter with 38.6 million of cash, very confident liquidity position business; really the strong cash generation in the business is what gave the confidence to continue to stock buyback in 2013 and we feel good about where we sit right now. The one thing I want to just talk briefly on the call, today I have gotten a couple of questions from investments. This is sort of press release strategy for the business. You probably notice that the company has been making press releases more often talking about new orders that were booked throughout the quarter. We just think its important for a customers many of whole look through (inaudible) and technology shift to see which of the peers (inaudible) our new video technology or upgrade into the new CW platforms, but it's not something we want to (inaudible) from our investment perspective, we don't want investor to read too much into it, one way or the other, it’s just something really more for commercial purposes that just have that weekly cadence of press releases each week just talking about our customers that are upgrading to the new CW platforms or deploying the video. We think it's important commercially but you should expect to continue to see sort of the cadence of weekly press release. And finally I want to cover just the tail statistics for the quarter. We actually sold 9024, X26 units in the quarter as Rick said the X26T was actually off to a strong start. We sold 4345 X26T in Q1. X2s were at 4946, we sold 628 M26 CEWs; we sold 200 in X3 that’s most in the consumer segment of the business, so that continues to sell slowly but we are happy where that sits right now. Q2 we sold 2295 C2 units in Q1. TASER cams were 2313 units, we sold 363,515 cartridges. So again cartridge sales continue to be strong, partially driven by X2 because it uses a different cartridge design than the X26 that is replacing a lot of cases. We obviously foresee customers have to buy sort of a new arsenal of cartridges, so that’s part of what’s driving that. And we sold 788 Flex video cameras. So with that I would like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Hey, thanks Dan. One thing I like to notice were a couple of things. First significant number of X26P orders including some of the larger agencies New Orleans with 400, New York State Police with 334, Sunnyvale with 210, and that of course the X2 continues strong as well with Atlanta buying 200 more, Louisville Police Department, Buncombe County, Garfield and a bunch of others. What you don't see this quarter is there were no particularly large orders of the magnitude like the Phoenix PD. In fact San Diego Sheriffs was on our pipeline we expect in the first quarter and it slipped in to the second quarter and yet we were still able to meet impressive sales result this quarter largely due to the continued success in growth of the telesales team that brought in $3.3 million in business from the smaller agencies within the market. That's again I'll attribute that largely to the rare Jeff Kukowski has brought to our sales team and operations, our program life style and the other things we are doing. We also had a bit of our soft spot internationally in the quarter. International sales came in at about 10%, down from our historical levels. We attribute that largely to just the -- international tends to be lumpy, they tend to be some larger orders. As you know we've been investing in international sales offices that really started in earnest about nine months ago. We are expecting to see those results take some time to kind of find the pump, but we are certainly of the belief that same regulators working in the US is going to help us internationally. Let me shift now to talking about AXON Flex and Evidence.com. Again we continued to see momentum and new adoptions on the marketplace. Bookings were up 300% over the first quarter of 2012, although down 17% sequentially. We attribute that to a couple of things, number one the fourth quarters does tend to be a stronger quarter than the first in general. The other is, if you look at the dynamics of the longer sales cycle of the video segment, many of the agencies we are closing up through the end of the year, were actually agencies which started working with our first generation AXON Pro system before. So they are sort of in the sales cycles agencies like Komatsu that we closed right around the end of the year. We've been working with them for about 18 months. So we are now getting to the point where we are really of the focus on meeting new agencies as we are scaling up the AXON Flex that really became commercially available last summer. Another thing we see is really quite reassuring in that part of business is the number of renewals and expansions. We talked about like Komatsu has gone now to a full patrol deployment, Salt Lake City and the Valley Police Alliance they are deploying cameras simultaneously across 14 agencies. Chesapeake, Virginia they just expanded their program to now full deployment of all their field officers. Albuquerque, another big win, Albuquerque actually was the first major city I believe in the United States to put on officer video on all of their officers with somewhere between 700 and 1000 cameras. They had originally done this with consumer cameras at a much lower price point and we have to work with Albuquerque to understand the significant logistics costs associated with handling the video as well as the utility and durability of those consumer cameras and having them now come across as a customer we see as important validation that the investments we've made and really building in end to end system that is both robust and really manages that work flow through this total cost of ownership is able to go in and displace agencies that had previous products that they were using. Also Cook County, another interesting one to talk about, Cook County has deployed 250 of the AXON Flex video systems. What's important about Cook County is there we've found that they really wanted to save the data locally and within their own networks. They had large investments in infrastructure on fixed cameras and other sorts of video. So our Flex system has been designed so that we could accommodate that. So customers can now use our gear and pointed to store their files in their local system upwards. We also believe that gives us an advantage over time as the could deployment model with all the images around cost and speed of innovation etcetera that at any point an agency like just wanted to transition back, of course our gear can seamlessly move from storing them on-site to alignment to deploy Evidence.com in the cloud. I'm going to conclude by talking a little bit about our Analyst Day that we hosted in New York. I assume some of you, I know some of the analysts on the call were there, many of you were not. We really talked about there is how we have identified that you are really one of our greatest assets, greater than our IT, greater than our tooling or any individual product is a relationship, the unique relationship we have with 16,000 plus U.S. law enforcement agencies, any of the agencies around the globe. These agencies are spending between $10 billion and $20 billion a year on technology. We believe we have one of the strongest brands. We're seen as a company that takes advanced technology and combines them with training to provide simple, easy to use, reliable systems and solutions that our customers can deploy and so we're developing new products to back in to that same market and frankly enables us to win much larger share of their dollar spend on technology. And of course, the first major expansion is what we're doing with on office video Flex and with Evidence.com with the cloud-based digital evidence management system. Maybe we saw recently in the New York Times article showing the first really academically rigorous study of the impact of AXON Flex in the field, (inaudible) California in combination with the Cambridge University in the UK. We're using a randomized study design. They were able to show a direct correlation from the deployment of the cameras to an almost 90% reduction in complaints against police. This is significant. Perhaps even more significant based on almost 60% reduction in the use of force, mainly when cameras were deployed, the escalated behaviors in these tense situations frequently even the suspects would deescalate when they knew they are being recorded. We have had several major agencies that reported that data alone empowers them to go their risk managers and make a case for reallocating risk management funds to fund AXON Flex and Evidence.com system and we also while it is the first major academic study, they are not alone in terms of the results that they reporting. Komatsu reported complaints down about 60%, Pittsburgh relatively 4%, [Tonganachi] reported a 100% decrease in complaints. In terms of use of force, we have seen others like Tonganachi actually reported 90% decrease (inaudible) down 40% (inaudible) down 30%. So we believe these early validations are supercritical both in terms of proving the value of the system quantitatively as well as qualitatively by seeing customers come back to renew and expand their programs. Our best estimates right now based on our report from the AP as the U.S. law enforcement agency spent around $2500 a year, settling claims against the agency, so $2500 per officer per year is an average payout for complaint costs. The aggregate that over the U.S. works as well over $2 billion, so it's a significant problem they were helping to resolve and we are now seeing some real similarities to the early days when we’re first launching TASER devices here in North America. Those are two big factors early on that help the TASER to gain traction. The first was the emergence of the statistic showing the deployment of TASER M26 led to significant reductions in deaths and in injuries. And then that was more qualitative, that was the personal experience of officers in the field many of them were sceptical. They talk many officers who set up doing their job for 20 years, why do I need this new TASER thing, and yet those same people after having a feel for a while would come back to us and share stories about how they save somebody’s life with it. We are now seeing similarities in AXON Flex and Evidence.com where we are seeing the statistical results and we are now having officers come back as well, some of which saying I don't want to go on patrol without this, particularly officers who have had complaints about against them where the video has clearly exonerated them. If you go to our website at taser.com and go to the icon video page, there is a companion of many testimonials of individual officers. So at the end of the day, the strategy that we are employing here with this probably safety platform strategy is to really coming understanding even our change of weapons are connected devices, they are smart devices, they are collecting information about how they are used, they have got sophisticated firmware, they are need to be periodically connected and updated for using Evidence.com and the network to make that happen, many times we have some like 60,000 or 70,000 TASER cams in the field. We are helping our customers view about that information and of course expanding that network to include things like Evidence.com, I am sorry the AXON Flex wearable cameras. So we believe that we are proud of what we have done historically, many of our customers will tell us that TASER has been the biggest revolution in law enforcement certainly in this century. And we believe we are positioned to do it again. The digital video and multimedia is the opportunity to become centerpiece of law enforcement records of the future so it goes even beyond just depending against complaints. We see video moving to the center of all law enforcement work flows and that will create a number of expansion opportunities for us as we continue to see all this business. At the Investor Day we talked about that we actually share some models, obviously when it deals with disruptive technology it’s very difficult to make short-term models or even long-term models with much accuracy because creating market that don't yet exist, but we believe with some conservative assumptions that we can grow TASER to between $166 million to over $300 million in revenue over the next three to five years. None of these models assume the kind of rapid adoption we saw with TASER weapons nearly 2000. So if we should be fortunate enough to see a TASER like adoption there is upside in these models. However we are seeing longer sales cycles and these more complex solution sales. That's why we are being a little more conservative. So I will conclude by just again reiterating that we are solving big important problems for our customers and when you solve their problems you create significant value for all of our stakeholders. So it includes our customers, our employees and certainly our shareholders as well as society at large. We make communities safer; I think that's something we can all feel good about. Solving big problems is not quick and it’s not easy. We've done this before in creating the global market for TASER Conducted Energy Weapons and we've done it in this market facing similar challenges with these same customers and we are intent on doing them again. I think we are making a lot of progress. So with that I will open it up and we will take a few questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer of Craig-Hallum. Your line is open, please go ahead.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Just a housekeeping question to begin with, is the X26P a sub-category or sub-group of the X26 numbers that you gave or are those in addition?
Dan Behrendt: Those are in addition; so we sold 9,024 X26s and in addition to that we sold another 4,345 X26Ps.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: And then with respect to the new bookings I realize it’s very early and this isn't going to be a linear progression, etcetera. But in general, what are you kind of seeing there that number was off slightly quarter-over-quarter, how do you sort of think that plays out from a cadence standpoint?
Rick Smith: Well, one of the things that’s interesting from a market dynamic perspective is we are seeing the larger agencies move faster than we have historically. The TASER growth early on was driven really a lot more by the smaller agencies moving more quickly. We've been surprised frankly at the level of interest in the big agencies, so there is a plus and the minus to that. We've actually put a lot of focus in the opportunity there. We see to really win this market long term the more the big agencies we can get the more influential they will be. So we are putting a lot of our focus with you know when Salt Lake City or Fort Worth puts their hands up or Pittsburgh, we really put a lot of focus on those. If we can win over a sizeable percentage or even a majority of the major cities and begin to work with those customers to identify what sorts of information they will want to share those network effect you can really kick-in like we saw in Salt Lake City with the local agencies, the smaller agencies tending to follow the large. So there is some real advantages to that dynamic. One disadvantage is relying on big agencies meaning that's going to be more lumpy; you know in the quarter we certainly we had some pipeline that had it come into the quarter we would have seen significant growth over the fourth quarter given some of those pushed out, it happens with larger agencies. So I would say you know probably for the balance of this year, we can continue to see some lumpier large orders that will sort of determine some of that quarter-to-quarter sequential noise whether its up or down, but I can tell you qualitatively we've seen a major shift in the response to the market; people no longer saying, I actually presented at [Chief’s Course] in Louisiana about two weeks ago where we get about 110 chiefs and senior administrators and at the beginning of my presentation, I asked how many of them saw their agencies moving major systems to the cloud and I would say 80% of the hands went up. Two years ago, I think we might have seen 10% of the hands go up. So we're seeing a lot of those good qualitative responses; obviously, we like to see sequential growth every quarter, but the large agencies are going to make a bit lumpy.
Dan Behrendt: And we expect this trend line will continue to be updated with that lumpiness. That’s kind of what we're focused on sort of the overall trend. Although, as Rick said, we like to sort of see sequential growth, but I think as long as you’re sort of seeing that trend line continue to be up until the right, we feel like we're on the right track.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Sure, understood. And then just I guess sequentially from a revenue perspective, I know you don’t give a lot of guidance. I had expected maybe a little bit about, you talked about little pause as people, agencies evaluate the X26P versus the X2. Certainly, it didn’t seem like you saw a much of want if any; sequentially, does it feel like kind of things get better from this level throughout the year?
Dan Behrendt: I think, obviously we felt very good about first quarter. You know, we expected see agencies sort of evaluating that to sort of weight. We still saw some of that in the quarter and it got still probably something we could see in Q2, but you know, we feel very good, to be able to put up these kinds of numbers with that backdrop of new product being launched. So I think we're setting in a good position. I think as Rick said, we've had a couple of deals get pushed from Q1 into Q2. So I think that’s at the level of about Q2, but as you know, this is a difficult business to forecast, but we feels very good about sort of we’re sitting overall with a large amount of the North American business has not having upgraded yet, but we're certainly seeing new traction there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cost of JP Morgan. Your line is open please go ahead.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: Rick can you talk a little bit about the penetration of large accounts in North America with your video solutions. Where do we stand not just in terms of the percentage of large accounts that have even adopt it, but within those large accounts what's the sort of penetration level and where do you expect to ultimately to go?
Rick Smith:  Okay great question. Most of the large agencies I would say are in early deployment, so if we are looking at the major - the MMC or the major cities we’ve got Pittsburgh, well I think around 50 units, Mesa around 50, Fort Worth is around 50 to 100. We have got a number of others that are testing or they have made smaller purchases that we have not yet announced as we work through. Some of these have paid in trials; I guess there’s probably another 5 to 10 agencies that are actively testing of the major cities which again is top 65 or around 70 agencies in the country. We have seen some of the mid-size agencies like (inaudible) and now [Chesapeake] that have gone to whole deployment. I think we were excited and working hard to help get some of these major cities to really stay on their programs. We do expect that to happen in several of those cities to have significant expansion by the end of this year. We are also learning that one of the things that we are working hard at to help that happen is doing some integrations with some of their existing IT systems to be able to have some information back and forth logistically. So, for example, one of these agencies they want the officers to be able to just record on and off all day and not have to tag any videos and we could then match on the back end based on the time and date of who made the recording. We could pull tables from the record management system and have the (inaudible) automatically do that tagging. That would remove any incremental work up to those officers which is seen as a huge benefit. So we are working very closely with these customers, warning what are the next enhancement, and again being in the cloud model it’s great that we can rollout enhancements about every 90 days, and those types of things we think will help keep these agencies from the 100ish range up to much larger deployment. I would also point out that perhaps new this quarter, we knew how major agency is beginning field trails in Brazil, the UK, Australia Asia and elsewhere in Europe. So don’t want to give to many details until we are further in to these, but we’ve been able to turn on instances through our cloud partner, so we do have the ability to store data internationally. That increases the comfort level on our international customers, and so we are working into the sales process now globally.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: Where are you seeing completion in this space and from whom? 
Rick Smith: There’s a lot of guys making cameras out there. In Albuquerque we saw those little cameras you can buy in Sky Mall for $150 bucks. Now they found that we are replacing some of those. I don't know the exact one from Sky Mall but similar category. We are replacing those one or two times a year on the field. So for us to be able to upgrade them from a $150 price point obviously to $800 or $900 price point I think shows that the industrialization we’ve done really pays off and really the work flow as we worked with Albuquerque they were burning, and officers had to download their own devices and burn them to CDs or DVDs and I think they had hundreds of thousands of disks they were dealing with. So untangling that has another big advantage for us. Internationally there are some local players in different countries. I know in Australia Asia there's at least one on body camera maker; in France we believe there's one. There's a couple of in the UK. Some of them are doing software backend. Typically we are still seeing most of the business models are facing or at least all of them that I am aware of currently are primarily the hardware vendors where the software is like a free app sort of approach. I don't know that we've seen somebody at really make the heavy investment in building out the Enterprise class software that comes with the core and over time that's where again we see the real value out of the business.  There are some in the media you probably saw in one area really asked us about Google glass and how we see that coming. We've been selected as one of the early glass explorers. We look at that as when that technology is commercialized, we are building our system the same way that we frankly partnered with (inaudible) to make AXON Flex taken right commercial technology and dab into our marketplace. We see our strategies building that ecosystem that partners with world class devices like iPhones and Android devices. So we are less focused on the hardware overtime certainly will become commodity. We see the opportunity to solve the big data problem as the big one, and we have not yet seen I would say a major competitor go there, although I would expect within the next year we will probably see some of the car vendors that have done on-premise you know digital (inaudible) management solutions probably also start to make moves into the cloud. So we've got to continue to press our first mover advantage hard.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: You could actually capture them later I imagine. But my last question is what percentage of revenue today is recurring, and then looking out over your forecasting horizons how do you see that evolving for the company.
Rick Smith: Is your question about the percentage of revenue that's recurring in the video business or across the whole business?
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: Well, its really both but obviously the video is very much recurring but I'm really keen to understand how your business is working for the whole company over this or five year period that you talked about.
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan yeah we do expect the recurring piece of video will grow over time and as I mentioned we've got $2 million of deferred revenue on the balance sheet right now, just for the video business. In this quarter the service piece of revenue was about 10% of the total and we expect that that percentage will increase over time. You know the overall business we still sort of benefit from sort of the razor blade model on that roughly 30% of our sales are cartridges and other accessory and that's been pretty predictable to make that part of the business and we expect the video as the service business. Some of these early customers come back and now move to trial the deeper adoptions and buying the service; we expect that service revenue will grow over time.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: Okay, got it. But do you also anticipate hardware leasing to grow.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean we didn't have a lot of the [CPP] deals this quarter but it continues to generate a lot of interest from our customers. I think the good news is we continue to see cases where customers evaluate our [CPP] program and do a cash deal that's perfect for us. I mean part of it is just another tool for our sales people to use and continue the conversation and make sure that the conversation doesn't stop with hey we are not sure we have enough budget to deploy this and in some cases they have been able to actually find budget dollars and just make cash purchases which is buried.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glen Mattson of Sidoti & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Glen Mattson - Sidoti & Company: A real quick. Housekeeping first. SG&A jumped this quarter. Is that -- first off, do you still have same expectations for SG&A this year and also you know more conception on the video business, you know, between the Rialto study and the attack in Boston and what a key role video played there, almost feels like have we turned this corner. Are you starting to see a lot more interest and it seems like you have a lot more deal flow in the video business even in this second quarter? So basically those two points.
Rick Smith: Dan, why don’t you start with SG&A?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, on the SG&A side, we do saw expectations that will see SG&A expenses go up about 10% year-over-year. So not any, really not any change in strategy there. This quarter we saw about half a million of incremental legal expenses in the quarter but overall we still feel comfortable that we will be in the 10% growth with a lot of that growth being in customer base and we also grow both the video segment as well as the international part of the business.
Rick Smith: On the other front, it's too early to say about the role of video in Boston. I don't know we have a good feel on whether that has an impact. Certainly, we also, you know, we've been sharing that study literally. It actually, the first place we had an opportunity to gauge customer reactions was we held to call it [text summit] here in Scottsdale about 60 days ago where the Chief of Rialto came and presented these results before they were public. At that event, we had roughly a 100 law enforcement officials from various agencies around the country and many of them we have actually helped cover the travel cost because of budgets aren't allowing them to travel. So just to be able to make sure we had good attendance we provided some grants to cover the travel cost. What we found was all the folks that came in including some major agencies that I would say were sceptical the night before the conference at our welcome reception by the evening after the conference we saw marked changes and their receptiveness, although (inaudible) conference was of the tone that they were going to go back their agencies and begin the process to deploy this technology. We are now looking how we can scale that by moving those summit events around the country by scheduling them around other events where senior law enforcement officials will be other major conferences, so that it doesn’t have the incremental travel cost or significant incremental travel cost that probably one of the biggest thing that we can do from a leadership perspective is getting the chief to these events, where they hear, chiefs like the Christopher Bank, the Chief of Salt Lake, was a speaker talking about other deploying multi-agency models in Salt Lake, Chief from Rialto, Chief Halstead from Fort Worth talking about the benefits of that they are seeing. So yeah, it feels to me like we crossed a tipping point intellectually. Again we need to be conservative about. We just don't know as they point out in the study the innovators of the [Limo] one of the challenges in modeling or analyzing or forecasting disruptive technologies is it really hard if not impossible to do, we don't know where we see that economic tipping point but I think we are starting to see upbeats in the numbers that we are certainly on an upward slope quite significant.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Peter Mahon from Dougherty & Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: Good morning, guys. I just had a one question. Looking at the CEW segment and then actually gross margins declined almost 200 basis point year-over-year, I was hoping that you can might can elaborate on that especially as you guys talked about having more direct sales and things like that that increase ASP?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, I think that’s a good question. I think it’s really dragged a little bit by the mix also as we saw more of the X26P units, we are offering trading to encourage our customers to do that, so a lot we see like maybe higher ASP for part or and things like that for those parts of the business. We are offering trading credits so that does have a impact on gross margin, although we think trading credits, we see those have been very successful way to drive the business, but I think that small decrease in gross margin is really driven by the trading credits we run through the income statement.
Rick Smith: And most of the trading credits are against packages that include extended warranties, so you part is probably related to higher percentage of deferred revenue associated with higher percentage of units purchase and warranties.
Dan Behrendt: And we are seeing as a match we are seeing that deferred revenue line of balance sheet continue to grow very sharply so which is I think to Paul’s questions earlier I think again that because of more and more predictable part of the business is going to run in every quarter because we know and see that deferred revenues for warranties royalties as well as conservative and not come through forward.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: And just to clarify you guys have a training program on both the X2 and X26P, is that correct.
Rick Smith: That is correct.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: Okay. And would you mind letting us know what those credits are at this point in time.
Rick Smith: Yeah, I believe its $135 per handle for the second quarter.
Peter Mahon - Dougherty & Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our Q&A session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Smith for any closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great, thank you very much. We appreciate those of you who stuck with us through the whole call here and stuck with us the shareholders over the years. I think we are seeing the return on investments that we make as we start to scale new parts of the business. I would also invite all of you to join us for our annual shareholder meeting which will be May 23 at our headquarters here in Scottsdale in Arizona. So come around and join us then we will have more updates on the business and we look forward if you can't make it then to talking to you on our next quarterly results call which should be in July. So thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's call. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Have a great rest of the day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick W. Smith – Chief Executive Officer Daniel M. Behrendt – Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TASER International, Inc. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I’d now like to turn the conference over to your host Rick Smith, Chief executive Officer, Sir you may begin.
Patrick Smith: Hello and thank you all for joining us for our 2012 TASER International Annual results conference call. Before we get started, I’m going to hand over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO for the Safe Harbor statement.
Daniel Behrendt :  Sure, the Safe Harbor statement. This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meeting of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, exchange act including statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future that will continue to make investments through increased SG&A in 2013, that we anticipate agencies will take advantage of our operate program and that we are well positioned to execute our strategy. We intended such forward looking statements be subject to the Safe harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  The forward-looking information is based upon our current information and expectations regarding TASER International incorporated. These estimates and savings speak only as of day on which they are made, they are not guarantees of future performance and of certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to project. Be cautioned, these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward looking statements yearend. TASER International assumes to obligation to update this information contained in this conference call. Other factors are identified as documents filed by us with the Securities and Exchange Commission including those set forth in our for 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011 under the caption of risk factors. And with that, I’d like to turn back over to Rick Smith.
Patrick Smith: Thanks Dan. We appreciate with the opportunity to report some great results for 2012 and a strong fourth quarter in particular. As you, no doubt have seen in the press release by now, Q4 revenues were up 51% to $32.1 million and annual revenues rose 27.5% from $90 million in 2011 to a $114.8 million in 2012. If we look at this by segment, you may conduct it like a weapon segment, revenues grew $9.6 million or 46.6% over the same quarter last year. In the videos, cloud and software segment, revenues grew a 122% or $1.1 million over the last year. Now although video revenues grew from a small base, we’re seeing consistent growth and evidence of continued traction in the market place. In fact, we are including some new information in our earnings release. We are now releasing the AXON and Evidence.com bookings by quarter. Given that Evidence.com as a service with revenue that will be recognized over the service delivery, we feel it’s an important metric to share the total sales booking each quarter to enable investors to see the overall traction of the business, which can be harder to discern on a GAAP basis, as revenues again are recognized over extended time periods. We define booking as a sales price associated with orders placed in relevant time period including hardware, software licenses, maintenance warranties and other items, which maybe paid for and/or recognized as revenue in future time periods. Bookings for AXON and Evidence.com have grown from 352,000 in the first quarter of 2012 to $1.67 million in the fourth quarter. Across the business gross margins were strong in the quarter as well, coming in at 59.7% compared to 32.7% last year. Of course the number last year includes some significant onetime items In the weapons segment, margins were very healthy, 62.7%. Now SG&A also increased significantly over the last year by 23% or $2.4 million. There are two primary reasons for this. First, we’ve increased our investment in customer facing rules to help grow sales. For example, we created a new telesales group function which did not exist in 2011. In a little over a half year, starting in May, the telesales group brought in well over $5 million in incremental revenue. This group accounts for roughly 8 additional headcount and we anticipate growing it to around 12 people in 2013. We believe the return on investment on these positions is significant in driving additional revenue. Another gamble is our account management function, which also did not exist a year ago. In order to ensure that customers who purchase the AXON Flex cameras have a great experience and become long term customers for Evidence.com. We have created a team of account managers which currently includes around 14 members. This team does proactive post sales support to ensure the customers who purchase our systems are able to effectively deploy and begin using our Evidence.com service, which we believe is critical in growing that service over time.  The second reason for the SG&A to increase is work increases in legal expenses in the quarter. For strategic litigation reasons, we operate a $750,000 settlement in a commercial litigation case, involving determination of a contract within international distributor. The offer protects us against legal fee damages in the event an award is made during litigation for any amount less than our offer. Because we do have an outstanding offer we’ve reserved for full $750,000. There are other legal expenses related to two cases that went to try on the fourth quarter, which is a particular heavy legal case load for the quarter, both of which cases we won. We have seen overall a decrease in our total legal case load in recent quarters. A trend which we hope will continue due to our strong record of successful defense, which again, we hope to see that the trend continue going forward which over the long haul should see declines in legal expenses. At this point, I’ll pass over to Dan to over the financial results in more detail.
Daniel Behrendt: Thank you Rick. As Rick said revenue for the fourth quarter was $32.1 million, which is up approximately $10.8 million or 50.6% from the prior year. The increase in sales versus the prior year was driven by the continued adoption of the X2 conducted at electrical weapon, CW. The North American law enforcement business continues to be strong mostly driven by the upgrade cycle to the new X2. The case of protection plan, our municipal leasing program contributed approximately 10% of our revenue in the fourth quarter which shows continued positive reception in the program as by our customers. North American law enforcements sales are up 33% over the fourth quarter of 2011 and the total year increase for the North American law enforcement sales is $15.6 million or 28.7% year-over-year. The upgrade opportunity in North America remains one of our growth drivers as we are going at 2013. Total year sales of $114.8 million set a new record for TASER surpassing the previous record of a $104.3 million of asset in 2009, so we’re up by 10% over that previous high water market. Gross margin for Q4 was $19.2 million or 59.7% of revenue, which is up significantly from the 32.7% of the prior year. As Rick said earlier in the fourth quarter of 2001, the company did have a number of onetime items including a $3.7 million charge for excess inventory which transferred margin. Gross margin before the excess inventory charges in the fourth quarter of 2011 were at $10.7 million or 50.3% of revenue. But the remaining improvement about the 9.4% in due to the higher operating leverage in the business. We also had a higher percentage of drop shipments in other direct sales to customers in the quarter, which increases our average selling price, but has a partial offset and increased variable selling expenses due to paying distributors, their margin on those drop shipped products. Cost of service delivered decreased by $738,000 versus the prior year due to the move to our own data center into a public cloud provider. And in the Q4, we are finally starting to realize the lower cost structure of the moving to a public cloud provider provide on an ongoing basis, so we’re encouraged by that.  SG&A expenses were $12.5 million for the fourth quarter of 2012, compared to $10.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. On a percentage of sales basis, SG&A was 38.8% of sales in Q4 of 2012 versus 47.4% in 2011. There were several unusual items in the fourth quarter totaling roughly $1.6 million, these included the $0.8 million of litigation settlement offer that Rick mentioned earlier in the commercial case with the distributor. There is also a stock compensation (inaudible) in the fourth quarter that contribute to a year-over-year increase of about $0.6 million, as a result performance based stock investing sooner than previously anticipated, and we also had variable selling expenses of about $0.8 million this quarter than compared to prior quarters. But again, we’re partially offset by higher selling prices due to more sales being direct, which increases our average selling price in gross margin. Personnel costs increase due to some of the additional strategic hires we’ve been making. SG&A expenses in the video segment increased about a $149,000 sequentially in the fourth quarter, as a result of the investments were making in these customer facing roles, like account management. The company continues to invest in SG&A expenses to grow our international and video product sales. We’re encouraged by the results of these investments and we continue to reinvest in the business and therefore expect to see approximately 10% increase in the full year SG&A expenses in 2013, as compared to the full year of 2012. Research and development expenses of $2 million in the fourth quarter, which were flat compared to 2011. We continue to see efficiencies and our professional and consulting fees partially offset by some stock compensation and some employee costs as we continue to make some strategic hires in the R&D area, especially in the video area. And we expect R&D will pick up slightly in 2013 as we continue to make those investments for R&D developments headcount.  Adjusted EBITDA which includes the impact of stock compensation charges, the loss and the write down disposal of property planned equipment and tangibles and the provision for excess and off screen inventory, losses on impairment, interest and other income as well as the litigation judgment expenses were $7.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, compared to $1.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 with improvement being driven by the higher sales in 2012.  The income for operations to the fourth quarter of 2012 were $4.7 million compared to a loss of operations of $7.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. And net income in the fourth quarter of 2012 was $3.8 million or $0.07 per share on both the basic and diluted basis, compared to net loss of $5.9 million or $0.11 per share on basic and diluted basis in the fourth quarter of 2011. Income taxes for the quarter were $1 million for the fourth quarter. The income tax expense in the quarter was favorably impacted by the reversal of an impairment reserve for deferred taxes assets. Strong operating results in 2012 coupled with a favorable forecast led the company’s conclude that the more likely than not the deferred tax assets are reliable and not impairment preserve is needed, so about $1 million benefit, we took in the quarter for that reversal. Moving on to the balance sheet in the fourth quarter of 2012, the company has generated $3.4 million in operating cash flow which helped us to finish the year with $37.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments, which is an increase of $11.4 million -- ended fiscal of 2011 with. The increase is due to the higher sales which generated $26.5 million of operating cash flow in 2012, there is an additional cash flow of $4.7 million generated by the tax benefit created by employee stock option exercises, which provided us a tax yield which lowered our cash taxes in the quarter. But that’s included in the cash flow from financing activity and not an operating activity. These were offset by the $20 million of stock buyback we executed in 2012, with the company purchasing $3.8 million shares during the year. Accounts receivables were $18.1 million, are up $6.3 million for prior year end, due to an increase sales in Q4 of 2012 versus the same quarter of the Q4, 2011. Inventory of $11 million is actually down a half a million from the prior year and balance. Increase is attributed to the reduction in finished goods due to strong sales we had during 2012. We also saw the reserve for access in [ph]outplayed inventory reduced from $4.4 million to $2.3 million during the year, as a result to (inaudible) previously reserved for inventory. The investment of property and equipment $0.2 million is down $4.9 million when compared to the prior year end, the net decrease is driven mostly by the depreciation of $6.3 million for the year offset by about $1.5 million of CAPEX during 2012. Most of the CAPEX was focused on production equipment and some computer and office equipment but obviously the CAPEX this year is relatively low, it’s contributed to part of cash flow. Total assets at December 31, 2012 were $116.2 million. Accounts payable of $6.2 million are actually up $1.7 million for the prior year end due to the increased purchases of materials to support the higher sales level, compared to last year. Accrued liabilities are $7.1 million decreased by $0.6 million primarily due to the reversal of the portion of the eternal litigation judgment recorded last year, partially offset by accrued salaries and benefits. Total deferred revenue of $12.1 million, actually increased $4.2 million during 2011, primarily due to the new increase sales of the X2 trade and program, which includes an extended warranty. So when we sell extended warranties, we actually defer part of our revenue recognized over the warranty period, so that’s part of the driver. The other part of it, is the deferred revenue related to the deferral of evidence.com service group, $1 million during 2012. As Rick mentioned, we allocate a portion of the sales to the service part of evidence.com. We also have customers that will purchase in advance between 3 and 5 years of the service, so we defer those revenues or recognize those over the records in service period. The total liabilities of $29 million and the company finished the quarter with $87 million of stock holders equity. Again, we had no long term in the balance sheet other than small amount of capital leases and we continued to have liquidity in the strong cash flow engine, their core business to fund our R&D efforts and operations as we move into future. Speaking of cash flow, the company did have cash provided from operations of $3.3 million in the fourth quarter and $26.5 million for the year, so we’re very pleased with that cash provided by investing activities for the 12 month ended December 31, 2012 as $1.7 million, compared to a cash used of $7.6 million in the same period for 2011 mostly driven by the fact we had some of our short term investments which mature during 2012 that which actually provides some cash and that cash has ended up back up on the cash line of the balance sheet. Cash used in financing activities was $3.4 million for the 12 month ended December 31, 2012 compared to $31.1 million in the same period of 2011. Again, it’s driven mostly by the $20 million stock buyback in 2012 offset by the $4.7 million of tax benefits from employee stock option exercise as it flows through the cash provided from financing activities. The company ended the quarter with $36.1 million of cash and $1.7 million as short term investment for a total of $37.8 million of cash, cash equivalent and short term investments. Again, on the sales statistics for the folks that like to track it. And Q4 of 2012 we sold $10,389 X26 units, X2 was 11,259, that’s actually a new record for X2 in a quarter. M26 has 513 units, X3 we sold a 181, we actually have selling X3 units into the consumer space and have been moving some of that inventory through those channels. C2 sold 3209 units in the quarter. TASER cams were 2413 and we sold 373,585 cartridges down a little bit from Q3. As you remember we had a cartridge promotion in Q3 for our distribution which drove some of that line in Q3, so we saw that come down a little bit in Q4, but still grow strong results and cartridges for the fourth quarter and for the year. One thing I want to talk about this morning, we’re excited to announce our first Analyst Day. It’s going to be held at the NASDAQ markets site in New York City on March 12, 2013. Our entire executive team will be in attendance to discuss our business strategy as a vision for the future TASER. We’ll also have demonstrations over X2 and X26 smart weapon as well as our AXON Flex recording systems. Space is limited but if you’re interested in attending, please reach out to Erin Curtis who works in our Investor Relations Department. Easiest way is to email her at ir@tesar.com.  And with that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Patrick Smith: Thanks Dan. So as Dan mentioned, we continued to see traction with the new X2 smart weapon in the fourth quarter, we had major deployments in Phoenix, Tempe, Knox County and Cleveland and other agencies. We’re continuing to see a trend of agencies moving towards what we call our smart platforms, I’ll talk about that more in a minute. However, we still have a lot of upside and room to grow in upgrading our customer base installed weapons in the field. At the end of year, we’ve only upgraded about 9% of the TASER weapons that are more than 5 years old. This number includes not only X2 upgrades, but also some standard X26 purchases where agencies bought new X26 to replace ageing X26’s. In 2013, we believe we have the opportunity to accelerate the upgrade of our installed base of the introduction of the new X26P TASER smart weapon. So, while we’re little over half of sales last quarter of the new X2, the other half continued to be a bit of legacy X26. So working with our customers, we’ve identified that some customers want to retain the smaller size and the familiar reform factor of X26. One of the primary reasons for this has to do with the expense and logistics of retraining officers on a new weapon platform. Some agencies will spend as much or more of their budget on retraining officers as they spend on the equipment. For this reason many agencies as long as they want to stay with the familiar X26. However they have also expressed their interest in some of the new features and the technologies in our X2. So for this reason, we’ve introduced in 2013 just within last month or so, the new X26P TASER smart weapon. The X26P requires no new training of officers, who’ve already been trained in X26. Yet it does include the enhanced safety features of a smarter device with more connected with enhanced durability and data collection. X26P includes the advance data logging charge metering which ensure more precise controlled in the amount of electric charge delivered and the weather proofing features that we have in the X2. So basically is significant up face lift or an upgrade of the X26 platform. So for agencies with older X26’s that have passed the user life we believe that X26P provides a much more compelling reason to upgrade to this new technology stat rather than just buying a new weapon to replace one they’ve got with fundamental in the same device by just buying a new X26, buying an X26P is much more compelling. So, we believe the X26P will provide an even more compelling reason for those agencies that do want to stay on a single sharp device and yet give them an opportunity to upgrade their capabilities. However, in the short term the X26P does introduce a new weapon that means some agencies will want to evaluate it, and that may delay some of the deals for Q1 until later in the year the agencies test the new introduced weapons platform. This may cause some softening of revenues in the first quarter, which already tends to be seasonally weaker than Q4, but we do expect it on the annual basis, it should accelerate upgrades in sales over the course of 2013. In the video and cloud software business segment, bookings grew a 172% over the course of just two quarters from $614,000 in the second quarter to approximately $1.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Now those who are booking particular for our AXON Flex level cameras and evidence.com. We did not include TASER cam bookings in those numbers, that’s do with the TASER cams do not see the heavy usage that the officer Warne, Flex camera does and therefore the TASER cam doest really drive the use of evidence.com and services the same way that the on (inaudible) cameras do. So, when you look at our financial statements you’ll see in the video segment on a GAAP basis that includes TASER cam and the Flex cameras and evidence.com. In this bookings number so you can more transparency to our share holders on the Flex and evidence.com, we restricted that booking number there, that’s what makes it easier to analyze that on a sequential basis. These deployments included some Marquis deployments, such as the Salt Lake Valley police alliance which deployed evidence.com across 14 agencies. We think this is a very important deployment, it really showcases how the advanced connectivity in sharing features of a cloud based solution like evidence.com can enable clusters of agencies to work more effectively together and share information. Decreasing sales bookings of our video cloud business are a bit reminiscent to the early adoption rate of TASER weapon we back nearly 2000 trend which we certainly hope to see and continue. As reported 2013, we continue to have 3 primary fosci in growing our business. So first is upgrading our install base of TASER weapons. And as I mentioned while the X2 has driven the upgrade about 9% of the install base that’s over 5 years old, we believe that X26P will now help the X2 improve accelerating this upgrade cycle by along agencies that wish to stay on the same on the platform and avoid retraining, we just take some class yet get the same features of a TASER smart weapon than have an option with the X26P. And by the way when I’d mentioned TASER smart weapon, I’m referring to both the X2 and the X26P which were built on our new all digital architecture which includes things like onboard diagnostics and calibration, charge metering and advanced data management features. Our second area of focus is of course driving international growth. We have teams in Europe, India and Brazil focusing on driving both weapon sales the new video and cloud initiatives. We see significant opportunities in these and other markets in the year ahead. Third is driving as option of our AXON and evidence.com products and services. I think, I should make it clear, this initiative is actually much larger than selling our cameras in video management software. We see a convergence of new technologies occurring including cloud services, smart mobile devices, high speed data network and digital video. Converging on law enforcement the same way these technologies are already revolutionizing other industries. Our new smart TASER’s AXON and evidence.com are the first offering to new public safety platform strategy, where we believe TASER can become the primary technology stack that allows agencies to get more connected with smarter devices and more agile cloud service applications. As we look at our four competencies and how to leverage these competencies is to create unique sustainable long term value for our stake holders, TASER has the unique benefit of greater than 90% market share with U.S. law enforcement agencies. Admitting that more than 90% of agencies in the United States are customers deploying our TASER devices. We also have unique competencies around design and manufacturing with advanced electronic devices coupled with best in class training and support services. Over the past four years, we’ve augmented those core capabilities by investing heavily in building a world class software applications capability. Now including teams both in Santa Barbara and our new office in Dolby, Washington. We believe we can leverage these core competencies to position TASER to benefit from the ways of new mobile and biotechnologies which again have already revolutionized consumer and business enterprises positioning TASER as the leading provider to bring these solutions to the public safety market We see the opportunity here to disrupt a $15 billion to $20 billion market in North America and much larger international market. We have attracted world-class talent, including our new Vice President of Engineering, who joined us in the fourth quarter, Danny Dalal from Microsoft Research and our new Vice President of Information Security, (inaudible) who joins us from Lifeline, to enable TASER to develop a series of disruptive technologies over the next decade. We believe we now have the potential to dramatically accelerate our customer’s capabilities while simultaneously increasing our revenue and of course our shareholder value. AXON and Evidence.com are just the beginning of a broader platform strategy to create an ecosystem of capabilities for our customers. If you like to learn more about this new public safety platform strategy, please join the webcast of our Analyst Day on March 12th, from the NASDAQ. We will share more details about this strategy and we will share our model of what the business could like over the next three to five years. If you are interested in attending this event, please email Erin Curtis, ir, as in the initial for Investor Relations, ir@taser.com for more info. These are really exciting times here at TASER. In 2012, we began to see the results of our investments in growing the business, resulting again in 27.5% top line growth with significant cash generation and profitability. We believe this is just the beginning. We are looking forward to an exciting 2013 and beyond. And with that, we would be happy to take a few questions as we wrap up the call.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Steve Dyer of Craig Hallum. You may begin.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Thank you. Good morning guys.
Patrick Smith:  Good morning Steve.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: If I heard the numbers correctly, this is the first quarter that the X2 outsold the X26, is that right?  
Patrick Smith:  That is correct. So, X2 for the quarter were – this is – were 11,259 and the X26 was 10,389. It’s an important milestone as well. They have been kind of neck and neck throughout 2012 for this quarter. Mostly driven or partially driven by the Phoenix deal that we had in the fourth quarter, which was an X2 deal, pretty significant X2 deal in Q4 that was close through the TPP program, the new police program helped us to actually have the X2 higher than X26.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. So, is that a trend you would expect to see going forward or it might be neck and neck here for a while? I am just wondering, I remember back kind of when the X crossed over the M, it never turned up, and it’s obviously up a nicer sale. What do you expect going forward, maybe ’13 on the brick out of those two?
Daniel Behrendt:  Yes, it’s interesting, with the X26P, I think that if we didn’t introduce the P, that’s probably, you know, may have continued, but we certainly got, as Rick indicated earlier, got a lot of feedback from customers who liked the new technology, liked most of the digital technology and all of the features that comes with that, but we really look to hands drawing on the cost and complexity of ops out of the field that retrain on a new platform, the X26P really allows them to do a running change without that training. So, I expect it overtime, the X26 to sort of, what we call the X26E, which is sort of the 2003 vintage X26 will slowly get reduced or replaced by the X26P and X2. The X26P is also a good product, had a slightly higher price point than the X26. So, it’s also a product that we think that would be accretive to our sales and earnings in ’13 and beyond.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And then with respect to the X2 sales that you have been having, do you have a great sense as to what percentage of that are replacement sales versus new sales?
Patrick Smith:  I would say it’s probably greater than 75% are our upgrades. We have had a number of agencies go right through X2, it’s interesting. I think it’s just sort of taking a fresh look at the CEW technology in general and X2 helps them to do that, and hey, if we are going to be looking at CEW by the latest and greatest, so we have seen some of that, but I would say the majority of our sales in 2012 have been upgrades from existing customers.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And then, with respect to kind of the body cam and the growth there, do you expect from a unit standpoint that that’s going to follow kind of a similar trajectory that the X26 did back in the day in terms of adoption from a unit standpoint, or would you expect that will be slower to roll out just in general?  
Patrick Smith:  With the Flex body cams, obviously we would love to see it follow the unit trajectory that the X26 did. The X26 though had a bit of an advantage and it was just sort of a more convenient smaller form factor of the M26, which have already done the groundwork of laying the fundamental market demand. So, maybe the Flex, which is more like the M26 rollout, which was a new concept really in the late ‘90s, ‘99s through 2003. So, it’s hard to say, you know, there are some different dynamics in the sales process as well. We have got, it’s a bit of more complex sale, there is more stakeholders, it involves IT as well as trainers and in some cases, city councils and other folks in risk management. So, we tend to see the time to close orders, take a little longer for the Flex cameras than they do for the TASERs of either iteration.  But we are seeing a lot of evidence that the general concept of on-officer video is really being well accepted in the marketplace. I think on our last conference call, we talked about a survey that police, one did that sounds like 82% to 84% of respondents now felt that officers want to wear on-officer video. And we see the ones that in an agency for about 60 days, officers will begin to have those incidents where they record, where somebody that they are interacting with is very rude to the officer and then files a complaint. And the officer then just cleared and – one or two of those experiences, and all of a sudden, it becomes really supportive of on-officer cameras. In fact, like happen to, now has gone full deployment with both the X2 and the AXON Flex and the Evidence.com deal, they started down this road about 18 months, maybe two years ago. So, it took some time to adapt it into our culture. Once they did, they actually implemented category for complaints call cleared by AXON, which basically mean they never even bring the officer from the field. They watch the video, they see what the officer did, and it’s pretty unilaterally clearing officers. So, we are seeing a lot of the right dynamics. The question is to how fast that it accelerates is, one, we are looking at our crystal ball as well to try to figure out. I believe we know enough to say that long term, there is a very real market there. How fast it develops? It’s a little hard to predict.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: And would you expect to see some cannibalization of the cam, the TASER cam as that happens?
Patrick Smith:  Yes. Although, I would say in the on-officer space, we are not the only game in town either, it is a competitive space where there’s different companies with wearable camera options. We are winning the significant majority of deals where we are being compared with competition. In the case of TASER cam, I know I just talked to some of our sales people recently who successfully transitioned some new orders from the TASER cam over to the Flex camera, which we believe is a greater value for our customer. It’s just used much more often and TASER on average gets used once every two years on the street. So, you are getting one video of an incident roughly every two years. The wearable cam is like AXON Flex is wearing every day, it records all sorts of incidents, so much higher utility. So, we are actually very comfortable and we have put programs in place with our sales staff to help with agencies that are buying TASER cam because maybe that’s a historical practice since the camera has been around since 2006, helping to migrate over to the on-body cameras.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And then, last question and I will hop back in the queue. Dan, I think the SG&A, it sounds like about half of the incremental 3 or so million quarter-over-quarter, and there was sort of what you categorize as one-time thing. Is that sort of a fair split? The new run rate is probably half of that delta?
Daniel Behrendt: Yes. There is definitely sort of unusual events, although some of that sort of the variable selling expenses, but again those get offset in gross margins. So, if we not had some of those variable selling expenses, SG&A would have been down and gross margin would have also been down. So, that’s probably a fair approximation.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. All right, thank you.
Daniel Behrendt: Thanks, Steve.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Greg McKinley of Dougherty. You may begin.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Yes, thank you. Can you just remind us of the economics in terms of margins and ASPs as you compare the X2 to the X26 and then maybe even the X26P to the X26?
Daniel Behrendt:  Yes, so the X26 sells for about $835. The new X26P will be roughly $900 with the battery, and there’s some holstering options as well for that product, it will be additional sales. And then, the X2 is about $1,050. So, yes, we are definitely, as we introduce the new technologies, we are moving the price up, but providing some pretty valuable new capabilities as well. So, there is trade-in programs for the X26P in the Q1 as well as the X2, and we think that those have been successful in driving that upgrade. We will continue it up to 2013. So, that reduces sort of the realized price, although it also helps us to drive the warranty sales as I mentioned in my earlier comments. You know, these upgrade packages include warranties, we have seen a fair amount of deferred revenue, I guess put on the balance sheet in 2012 and expect that trend to continue in 2013. And what it allows is some very profitable warranty revenue, it just gets deferred into the future.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay. And on the handle sales themselves, I guess maybe it’s appropriate to look at it bundled with the differed warranty. Do these end up generating similar margin rates on those ASPs that you would have gotten on an old X26 or when you are bundling a warranty even with a rebate, do you end up getting a higher margin rate overall?
Daniel Behrendt:  It’s a higher margin of the product, it’s probably comparable after the sell-in. The X26P will probably be slightly lower at selling than X26 because of the trade-in, but over-the-life of the product will be slightly higher. The X2 is slightly higher at sell-in and also higher over-the-life. So, it’s a little, I mean, the good thing with TASER is that we are talking about – we are selling sort of the mid-to-upper 70s as percent on a variable basis in call cases here. So, still pretty lucrative sale even if it’s little lower than X26 by itself. And I think as Rick mentioned, I think driving an upgrade is so important for our growth here in North America with such a heavy install base. So, having new technologies that people can upgrade to, I think is a big part of what will help drive growth in North American part of the business. And even it’s a slightly less profitable sales, it still will be really accretive, it will drive our overall increase in sales, which I think at the end of the day, we will add the profitability.
Patrick Smith:  On an accounts basis, it’s certainly more profitable because the warranties are paid upfront.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay. Can you just remind us a little bit of your tele sales effort now? I think you said what you have eight people in your tele sales group, going into ’13 or 12 [ph] people here in ’13, can you remind us when that initiative started? I want to say it was like early Q2. And then of the revenues generated by that group for the last couple of quarters?
Patrick Smith:  Yes, so the tele sales really began in May. I think it started to hit traction in July. So, the team wasn’t fully staffed until September. And the total sales, depending on how you look at it, between $5 million and $7.5 million, really about the half year. And the reason I would give a range, there is direct sales that the tele sales team generates in direct orders, and then there’s also orders that are passed from the tele sales team through distributors, which are already working those accounts. So, it’s well over $5 million of incremental direct order business, and then there is $2 million to $3 million of additional business that’s generated that we find out that the customers work with the distributor, so then the distributor fulfils that order.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay. Can you remind us, what were your comments that you made on the North American law enforcement market? I think you said Q4 revenues up 33% or so, I just wanted to make sure I understood that.
Daniel Behrendt:  Yes, so North America in Q4 was up 33%, and for the total year, are actually up $15.6 million or 28.7% for the total year. So, really strong results in North America. The majority of that is really driven by the X2 and the upgrade programs that we had in place in 2012, and as Rick said, with only 9% of the installed base over five years upgrade, there is still I think a lot of room to continue that.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: The $15.6 million growth, that was 28% growth off the ’11 [ph] base?
Daniel Behrendt:  That’s correct.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay. And then, maybe just two housekeeping questions, your share count, I don’t know as maybe with the performance of the stock that’s brought more options into the share count calculation, can you help us understand what do you think the share count should look like in ’13?
Daniel Behrendt:  Yes, that’s definitely between – we have some issues divested in Q4 as well as with, as you point with the strong stock performance we had, some employee stock option exercises in the fourth quarter. This is as people that kind of on the sidelines for a while with options, some of which were getting towards the tail end of their line, exercised in Q4. And as a result, that drove up the share count. I think we have our issues that also vest in ’13, and depending on the stock performance in ’13, I think we will continue to see employee stock option exercises as well, but we feel, and I think the buyback, one of the advantage is it really took a lot of that potential delusion from where we started out of the stock count. So, (inaudible) exercise will end up with a share counts that are less than what we started, which I think is favorable.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay. Prior to year buy, okay. And then, lastly, you talked about the X26P and that’s bringing some of the smart technology to market and you feel that your customers might trial that product initially before if that wasn’t in the market, they may just go ahead and replace with an X26 or a new X2. How should we think about that in terms of the financial impact of some of these delayed purchase decisions?
Patrick Smith:  Well, anytime we introduce a new weapon platform, there is – people want to get in there and take a look at it. So, with the X26P, we are pretty careful in timing the release, doing it early in the quarter. We have built thousands of devices on the shelf ready to go prior to the announcement. So, we have been able to fulfill all the requests out there for test and evaluation weapons. I would say we may see some impacts in the first quarter. I really wouldn’t expect much impact on that. There might be some agencies who maybe just don’t get their evaluations on between late January in the end of March, but I think you all know, we tend to do about half of our business in the last month of the quarter with a lot of that, the majority of that preponderance being in the last two weeks of last month. Lot of enterprise sales businesses, as people budget, budgets are frequently aligned to quarter end. So, we don’t have any evidence per se at this point that it would push any orders out, but if we look at it, we thought it was something that it will actually make sense and something we should make the investment community aware of. But I would say that shouldn’t be an impact we would see beyond the first quarter.
Daniel Behrendt:  And as Rick mentioned in his earlier comments, we expect it won’t really have an impact on the total year, it’s really just sort of pushing some business out in Q1 later into the year, but the total year won’t be impacted by that.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay.
Patrick Smith:  It’s not a negative way. We see a very positive impact on an annualized basis.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Thank you.
Patrick Smith:  Thanks Greg.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question is from Glenn Mattson of Sidoti & Company. You may begin.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company:  Hi Rick, Dan, how is it going?
Patrick Smith:  Good.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company:  Thanks for some of the clarifications on the SG&A, I think that number kind of jumped out at people. Just to start off the press release, but one question I have is, what is your safer 2013 SG&A? Did you guide to that?
Patrick Smith:  So, in 2013, we are actually encouraged by deductions we made. We have had a really strong sales year in 2012 and part of that is driven by some of these investments we made in customer facing roles, and some of the sort of targeted investments in SG&A. We expect that to continue in ’13. So, we expect about 10%, approximately 10% increase in 2013 total year spend versus 2012 total year spend.  
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company:  Okay, thanks. That helps. I guess moving on to international market, can you give a little more color on what gives you so much of enthusiasm as Rick kind of talked about earlier?
Daniel Behrendt: Yes, I think the – if you look at the North American business, there’s roughly depending on how you look at it, there’s close to two out of three officers carry TASER at patrol level. Internationally, it’s still less than one in 50. So, there’s still just lots of wide space internationally. We do feel that by putting people in country, we can help drive some of these countries that have been buying the product albeit slowly and accelerate some of those sales, by in some cases assisting the distributions there in some cases, taking more of that business ourselves and just being focused on putting sales and marketing resources in those countries. The technology obviously is while it was opted in the U.S. and we think that the international market is still ripe for new sales opportunities and we expect that, that – we had actually pretty strong results in ’12 and we expect that there is a lot of wide space there that allowed us to grow that part of the business in ’13. Do you have anything to add to that, Rick?
Patrick Smith: Yes, the only thing I think I would add is we see a lot of new opportunities with what we are doing with video and Evidence.com in the international markets as well. One of the things that’s made for slower adoption, I think of the weapons internationally is that most countries organized their police into much larger agencies, like France is when we have talked about regularly that has a gendarmerie and police national. These are like 150,000 person organization, and the decision-making happens up at the minister level. So, it becomes much more political in nature, and certainly there’s groups like Amnesty International that might take a position towards police and for its TASER devices, but even those groups what we see is being generally much more supportive of the idea of on-officer video. So, we think there’s less risk in adopting – from a political perspective in adopting the cameras, so we may actually see the international markets start to adopt even at a faster pace than they have with the weapons over the coming years.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company:  Yes, that sounds good. And I guess kind of related to that either, you talked about international or domestic, but you had the big orders in Q4, particularly the Arizona one, I guess it’s tougher to lap those, do you have any foresight of big orders in the pipeline and anything on that?
Patrick Smith: We do have a number of orders, some of which are even larger than the Arizona order in our pipeline for ’13. Of course, we can’t count those chickens until they hatch, but there’s plenty of pipeline of large orders in 2013 relative to 2012 for us to be able to continue to grow the business this year.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company:  Okay. Thanks. And also, I guess lastly, the cash generation is pretty impressive and should continue. So, what are the plans going forward? You haven’t talked about another buyback or anything like that?
Daniel Behrendt: We will continue to evaluate as we accumulate cash on the balance sheet. We kind of take a pause here at the end of the year. Obviously, we are happy with the results of the buyback, but we will continue to evaluate that with over $37 million in cash on the balance sheet and really as you pointed out, strong cash generation of business, we will have to just sort of evaluate what the best way to deploy that cash as we move forward, but I guess stay tuned, nothing to announce on that yet.
Glenn Mattson - Sidoti & Company:  Okay. Thanks.
Daniel Behrendt: Thanks, Glenn.
Operator: 
Daniel Behrendt: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Rick Smith for closing remarks.
Patrick Smith:  Great. Well, thanks everyone for joining us this morning. Obviously, as we look back at 2012, it was a record year for us in a lot of ways. We are very happy to see the growth in the core business as well as the trends we think in 2013, we should be able to see some significant improvements at both top and bottom line in the video business, which is now showing a lot of the signs of gaining traction. And we look forward to also seeing you all certainly on our Analyst Day and investors are welcome to tune in on the web and I think that will be very helpful as we have been putting a lot of thought into helping folks model what the business still look like, including the video and software business over the next three to five years. I think you will see that why we are so excited about the opportunity that presents for us in addition to our core business. So, thanks for your time today and we will see you all in March.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thanks for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick W. Smith – Chief Executive Officer Daniel M. Behrendt – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group Mark Strouse – JPMorgan Securities Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q3 2012 TASER International, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matthew, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session toward the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Patrick W. Smith: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining today. Before we get started, I’m going to hand over to Dan Behrendt to read the Safe Harbor statement.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995; and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of the law enforcement market, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related to injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence on sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risk of government investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence on key employees, employee retention risks and other factors as detailed in company’s filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Patrick W. Smith: Thanks Dan. As you all can imagine, once again, I’m in a very nice position of being able to be so proud of the team of people here at TASER that have worked so hard for you over the past several years to turn in a result like this; our third consecutive quarter of strong operating results. As you’ve probably seen in the press release, net sales of $28.8 million were an increase of 18% over the prior year, and the business generated $9.9 million in cash from operations. Our ECD business segment, as you know, we’ve broken them amount now, so that our shareholders and investors can see how we’re running the core ECD business versus the video business. It’s obviously on two different phases. The ECD is a very strong and growing cash-generation segment business; and we’ve been investing in video, although you’re starting to see some traction take hold there. In the ECD business segment, revenues were flat in the second quarter, although the second quarter is sequential – is typically a seasonally stronger quarter. So, it was a good season for our sales group to get the same mark in the third quarter, with revenues growing 15.9% over the prior year. Our ECD margins, gross margins came in over 64%. So, operations and manufacturing teams are doing a great job there, controlling the costs and driving margin. In the video business, we saw a 30% sequential increase on a GAAP basis from $1.3 million to $1.7 million in recognized revenue, growing 65% year-over-year. But if we look at the sales bookings, they doubled sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter. Obviously, there’s a difference between GAAP and bookings, in that a proportion of the revenues are ascribed to services; in some cases, services being delivered over a five-year time horizon. And as such, we defer those revenues and recognize them as the service is delivered. And with that, I’m going to turn over to Dan to go into more detail on the financial aspects, and I’ll come back to talk more qualitatively about the business.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. As Rick indicated, revenue for Q3 was $28.8 million, which is up approximately $4.4 million or 18% from the prior year. The increase in sales versus the prior year is driven by the continued adoption of the X2 Electronic Control Device. The North American law enforcement business continues to be strong, mostly driven by the upgrade cycle to the new X2 Electronic Control Device. North American law enforcement sales are actually up 50% in the third quarter over the same quarter of 2011. This follows a 39% and 25% year-over-year improvements in Q2 and Q1, respectively. We view the pipeline of our ECD segment as continuing to be strong as we go into the fourth quarter. Gross margins for Q3 on a consolidated basis were $16.8 million or 58.4% of revenue, which is up 470 basis points from the 53.7% in the prior year. We continue to benefit from higher operating leverage in the business. We also had a higher percentage of drop shipments in the quarter, which increases our average selling price. The offset to this is in SG&A, as we see variable selling expenses due to paying distributors a commission on their sales versus having to buy and then resell out of their stock. The gross margin percentage was especially strong this quarter when we consider that we had 34% of our sales coming from cartridges this quarter, which are normally – that mix differential is the cartridge margins are slightly lower than the ECD margins. So it was good to see strong gross margin performance even with 34% coming from cartridges. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $9.5 million; that was basically 33% of net sales compared to 38.9% of net sales in 2011. Sequentially, SG&A increased 13.5% from the $8.4 million in the second quarter of 2012. In addition to the strategic investments we’re making back in the business, we had several one-time events totaling $190,000 that not expected to repeat in the fourth quarter. These include a lease buyout, a portion of the stock compensation expense for the quarter and some severance pay. Variable selling expenses also increased $290,000 due to the prior quarter, that’s again offset by higher selling prices that we recognized in the gross margin line of the business. We also saw increases in payroll expenses due to annual raises and some of the strategic hires. And then finally, we saw trade show expenses were up about $150,000 over the second quarter run rate due to a couple of trade shows in the second quarter, including Major Cities Chiefs and the International Association of Chiefs of Police show, both occurring in Q3. We’re starting to see a return – an increase in SG&A cost. One of the areas we’ve been investing in is our telesales group. This is a function we didn’t have last year, but those folks are already adding a lot of value. Sales for the telesales group this quarter is up over $2 million for the quarter. So we’re seeing a solid contribution from those strategic hires. We’re also making hires in account management and some other functions that we think will pay off long-term for the business. Research and development expenses were $2 million for the second quarter, which is favorable by $0.4 million compared to 2011, due to the continued cost containment efforts in R&D. Specifically, we’ve seen a reduction in consulting and professional fees in R&D. The adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of stock-based compensation charges, depreciation and amortization and litigation judgment expenses, was $7.8 million for the third quarter of 2012. So, the adjusted operating income effectively doubled from the same period last year. As we move on to the GAAP income from operations, those are $5.3 million in the third quarter, compared to income from operations of $1.2 million for the third quarter of 2011. Net income for the quarter was $3.7 million or $0.07 per share on both the basic and diluted basis, compared to net income of $1.1 million or $0.02 a share basic and diluted for the same period last year. We did benefit in the second quarter from some income tax expense reductions are somewhat of a one-time nature. As you know, every year, the company files its tax returns in the third quarter. So we do a true-up to reconcile the amount of income tax expense we’ve recognized in the prior year versus what was on the tax returns that combined with a rates reduction; because of the strong operating results this year, our tax rate actually comes down as things like lobbying and meals and entertainment have a smaller impact on our tax rate. So, between the tax rate reduction and the true-up to the prior year return, we had about $0.5 million benefit or about $0.01 a share just on income tax line. As we move on to the balance sheet, the company did generate $9.9 million of operating cash flow in the quarter, which led to having $29.1 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments on the balance sheet. Even that’s despite the fact that we continued to do the buyback this quarter, so as we feel very good about the cash balances. Accounts receivable is $14.6 million or up $2.8 million from the prior year-end due to increase in sales in Q3 of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Inventory at $10.4 million is down $1.1 million from the year-end balances. So we continue to manage our working capital very effectively. Investment in property and equipment at $20.7 million is actually down $4.2 million when compared to the year-end balances. Basically that’s mostly driven by depreciation expense. We’ve got depreciation of approximately $5 million, offset by some new purchases of equipment about $989,000. So, you’ve seen a net reduction on the property and equipment line. I should point out that some of that’s also driven from – we’re taking advantage of sort of the low interest rate environment. So we have done some operating leases this year, which has helped in the capital expenditures as well. Accounts payable of $4.3 million are down $0.3 million from the prior year-end due to just timing differences and check runs. Accrued liabilities of $8.9 million have actually increased $1.3 million, due to the accruals on federal income taxes of $2.5 million and some changes in some of our accrued variable marketing and selling expenses of $0.5 million. Those are offset by the $2.2 million reversal of the accrual in the Turner case that we took earlier this year. Deferred revenue of $10.5 million dollars has actually increased $2.6 million from the 2011, due to increased sales of the X2. We’ve got – that X2 training program includes the warranties that we’re seeing, that will drive the high tax rate of warranties, we actually defer that those extended warranties and recognize those over time. We also with the increase in the sales of the AXON Flex unit, we also see an increase in deferred revenue, as Rick said we describe some of those sales to the service and recognize those have service peers. So that’s also driving an increase in the deferred revenue and as I said we ended the quarter with $10.5 million of deferred revenue on the balance sheet. Total liabilities of $26.3 million and we finished the quarter with $76.3 million in stockholders’ equity. As we move to the cash flow information; as I said earlier, the company generated $9.9 million of cash from operations in the third quarter. The year-to-date cash from operations is $23.3 million; this compares to $14.6 million in the prior year. So, we feel very good about the amount of cash we’ve been able to generate in the business this year. Cash provided from investing activities was $0.7 million. This compares to cash used in investing activities of $7.8 million last year. Mostly the difference is between really just the purchases of short-term investments in the prior year, and some of those were actually redeemed this year providing some cash. So, that’s why the largest change between years. Cash used in financing activities was $19.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2012. This compares to $24.8 million used in the same period in 2011. In the third quarter, the company repurchased $3.9 million or approximately 0.7 million shares this quarter. And for the nine months, we’ve repurchased about 3.8 million shares at a cost of $20 million. We’ve actually completed that stock buyback that was approved by the Board of Directors in April. On a cumulative basis, over the last 21 months, we’ve actually purchased 11.3 million shares or approximately 18.7% of our shares outstanding when the program started. We did end the quarter with $26 million in cash and another $3.2 million in short-term investments. So we continue to feel very confident about liquidity. It’s been good to return that excess cash to shareholders this year in the form of buybacks; and that’s been, I think, a very successful program for us, and so it’s been good. For the analysts, for their model, let me just quickly go through sort of the unit sales for the quarter. We sold 8,312 X26s in Q3. We sold 7,290 X2 units. M26s, we sold 1,617. We sold 36 of the X3s. C2, we sold 2,832. We sold 1,957 TASER CAMs. And cartridges, we sold 428,911 cartridges. Again, that was a very strong cartridge number for the quarter. It represented about 34% of our sales. You may notice that the X2 units came down a little bit from Q2 to Q3. That’s really driven mostly by a large order we had in the second quarter really to an unnamed agency; about 2,500 units. So if you sort of consider that large order as the lumpy part of the business, we believe we’re continuing to progress along the X2 adoption and see it continue to upgrade in the field for the installed base. So, we still feel good about how the program is working for us. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Patrick W. Smith: Thanks Dan. As we’ve talked about on, I believe, every conference call this year, we have three primary areas of focus at the company and I’m going to talk about each of those briefly. First is upgrading our installed base of users that have devices that are more than five years old, and our primary effort there is with the X2 ECD. And as of the end of the quarter, we’ve upgraded 6.1% of the devices – the ECDs in the field that are more than five years old. So, we’re continuing to make progress there, that’s helping to drive the strong top line results. But we’ve still got 94% of the market to go, so a lot of opportunity for us to continue to grow the business through our upgrade program. This is really good business couple of the major orders we announced; Pima County for 600 X2 ECDs, and Colorado Springs for 525 X2 ECDs. Now, one thing that’s interesting about those, which were two of our largest deals this quarter, those were both results of our new TPP program, the TASER Protection Plan, which we talked briefly in the last call. That’s a program where we now partnered with a municipal leasing partner and we’re able to offer our customers the ability to pay over the five-year expected useful life of the device in equal annual installments. We’re finding that it makes it much easier, particularly for some of the larger agencies to be able to fund this out of their operating budget rather than having to go back to a special capital equipment budget. And we actually believe that having agencies on the TPP deals will make a really big difference over the long-term as we get to year five, year six, since they already have built-in to their operating budgets line items for their ECD programs, we believe that we should see significantly higher upgrade opportunities, as those units comes to the end of their useful life. Also we saw orders for X2s from Indian River County Sheriff’s Department for 249; Orange County Sheriff’s Office for 400 X2s; Miami-Dade purchased 200 X2s; and then New Jersey State Patrol starting out their first purchase with 40 X2s with the high-definition cameras. That’s an important one just because New Jersey was the last state to legalize ECDs and it is important we’re starting to see some traction there. So focus one, upgrade market, we’re making good progress there. Focus number two, Flex and EVIDENCE.com, growing our video business; and again, we’re seeing significant traction there. This quarter, we saw Pittsburgh deploy 50 units; Chesapeake deployed a 125 with a five-year service contract; and Pittsburgh bought a three-year service contract. The Hartford Police Department deployed 42. They’re taking advantage of the one free year of EVIDENCE.com and maximizing the number of hardware units they get on the street. Topeka deployed 30 units with a three-year program. Wentzville, Missouri deployed another 30 units with the free year of EVIDENCE.com. And we’re seeing significant growth in our pipeline as we look forward to 2013. As we mentioned, there is a longer sales cycle of these Flex units and with EVIDENCE.com, because there’s many more decision-makers involved in IT, in operations within the police department, in patrol and training. So these were longer sales cycle, and Flex has only been shipping really since late in the second quarter. So this was its first full quarter of shipments, and you were seeing the results in the increased traction. Particularly, we’ve been pleased with how fast some of the larger agencies are moving seeing the Pittsburgh, Chesapeake, Hartford, Fort Worth, Mesa. These are large agencies that typically don’t move this quickly when new products are released. So, we see that as really some validation of the importance of on-officer video. Speaking of which, we did have the IACP Conference this year, the Chiefs of Police, was straddled across two quarters; right at the end of the third quarter and into fourth quarter. And two things really stood out at IACP. One was the continued interest in Flex and EVIDENCE.com. In fact, one of the buzz items that we heard, particularly from some of the Chiefs of larger agencies, we’ve heard on multiple occasions Chiefs saying, we believe every officer in North America is going to be wearing a camera within the next five to 10 years. That’s not a sentiment that we heard previously. So, we do believe the market is really accepting the concept of officer-worn video. And in fact, that was borne out in a survey done by PoliceOne, which is one of the law enforcement oriented websites. And in their survey, they reached out to line-level officers, Chiefs, et cetera, the general law enforcement community; and over 82% of respondents said that they see a need for on-officer video. Again, we didn’t see those sort of acceptance rates a number of years ago. So, we’re delighted to see the traction taking hold and our pipeline growing. We look forward to a great 2013 with Flex and EVIDENCE.com. In the international front, we had a strong quarter; coming at $5.4 million of international sales, representing roughly 19% of sales. The bulk of those sales really coming from within the European sector; where as you know we’ve opened an office in Europe and we’ve got the team on the ground there. And we’re in the process this quarter – we actually have got our team deployed now into Brazil, in South America. So, we look forward to seeing some more contribution from South America over the next 12 months. Some other things to talk about in terms of our focus on growing the business and just improving our general operating tone here; Dan has talked briefly about telesales. That’s been a new effort. We really stood telesales up starting from a zero start in February-March. They’ve already sold $5 million year-to-date, and the rate of sales is accelerating and the charts were all up into the right. Jeff Kukowski, our CMO, has the hypothesis that the smaller agencies in the market were necessarily given the local service in touch that we could accomplish if we have a dedicated sales team. That hypothesis is certainly bearing fruit. We’re seeing a lot growth coming from those small orders. We’re talking on average here orders that are around $3,000 to $4,000 compared to our typical distribution orders, which are more around $20,000. But there is a very large segment of small agencies out there that we’re now touching more effectively. Also as we accelerate the adoption and the upgrade to the X2, we have launched two service plans now. We talked about the TASER Protection Plan previously, which allows agencies to spread out their payments when then acquire new ECD. They can spread those payments over a five-year time horizon. We’ve also, this month, announced a new program called the TASER Assurance Plan or TAP. So the difference is, in the TPP, again they can spread their payments over five years for the devices they’re buying now. TAP allows us to target agencies that do have the capital equipment to purchase today or they may have bought within the last couple of years. And what we do with TAP is it’s an extended service plan, where they pay in at around $195 per year per handle; and for that, we give them a no-questions-asked warranty, extra service and support, including on-site spares and spare parts. So if anything ever breaks, they’re not out a unit while it’s being repaired. And at the end of the year five, they’ll receive a free upgrade to or a replacement of the same product or upgrade to a similarly-priced product. So, basically with TAP agencies who just bought to put in their operating budget that will cover their upgrade five years out. And in fact, we offer a 10-year price protection on this plan, so they can keep going another five years with the same price and they’ll receive a replacement or an upgrade at the end of the year 10. So it’s early to – we don’t have any results really that are measurable yet on TAP. We’ve just announced the program. In fact, I’m doing a webcast on it this week to our customers. But we’ve had tremendous interests conceptually where we floated this in marketing focus groups. So, we’ll be excited to see what TAP does. Between TPP and TAP, we’re looking for ways to add more value to our solution set for our customers and help them overcome any of their budget hurdles. One other thing to talk about in terms of focusing the business, I talked about the Chiefs of Police Conference, the IACP, the tremendous interest we saw on our products. Something else we did at IACP was we donated $300,000 that was in the TASER Foundation to the IACP Foundation. Effectively, what we’ve done is we’ve now partnered with the IACP. So rather than running our own foundation, which we set up in 2004 to make donations to families of fallen officers, we realized maybe it’s just better to partner with a larger foundation, so that they can focus on operating day-to-day of the foundation and we can just continue to do the financial support. And we actually felt that this builds more goodwill in the market space by us partnering with the foundation of the IACP. So that enables us now to focus our resources better. We’ve got great partnership with the IACP and they will continue to do the fallen officers fund named as, I believe, the TASER Fallen Officers Fund but being administered and run by the IACP. The last thing I want to talk about was you all probably saw a press release within the last couple of weeks that we’ve hired Danny Dalal as our new VP of Software Engineering. Danny comes from the Research Group at Microsoft. He’s got 20 years of experience doing some pretty sophisticated software development and running reasonably large teams. But what we really like about his background is that Microsoft Research was really focused on relatively small teams with fast times to market and quality solution. So we’re excited to welcome aboard Danny. He started just in the past couple of weeks here and we’re really excited to have him now leading our software engineering efforts. So with that, I’ll wrap up and we’ll move to questions. But before we do, I’d like to take a moment and just thank our shareholders who’ve stuck with us. We started a heavy investment cycle in 2008-2009. Obviously, those were challenging times for many companies in the world. We stuck to it. I think we’ve got the products right; I think we’ve got our execution right; and we’ve got our staffing right. I know it’s been a bit painful for some of our investors along the way. I’d like to thank you for sticking with us. And we’ll probably be able to be turning into results that we have these past three quarters and we remain very committed to continuing to grow this business and turning great operating results going forward. So, thanks for being a shareholder. And with that, we’ll take a few questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Thanks. Good morning.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Good morning.
Patrick W. Smith:  Good morning.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Could you remind me a little bit about the rebate program? I think that is scheduled to sunset here at the end of the year. What the amount was right now and then, Dan, how that’s accounted for?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yes. Sure, Steve. So, in the third quarter, we still had a rebate in place. It was $210 per unit, and that goes down to $160 in the fourth quarter. We haven’t announced a 2013 program yet, but there will be some program in place. We’ve seen that having -those trade-in programs has made a difference. Our customers have a hard time, I’d say, disposing a unit that’s still operational. So, giving them some value for that unit has made a difference. We saw that in the first quarter, where we sort of went without a program for the first two months of the quarter and we had lower unit sales in X2 as a result. So, we definitely see a correlation there. The accounting for it is, we basically just take a full reserve for the trade-in credit at the time of the sales. So, we basically reduce the total sale value by that trade-in credit. So, it’s already reflected in the results, in the lower sales value. And as those units come back, we’ll just offset that accrual. But there is no – basically at that time of the sell-in, we fully account for that trade-in value.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Okay. That’s helpful. And then is there any fear, I think you alluded to it a little bit, but is there any thought that you’re pulling sales forward or you’re essentially paying people who are going to upgrade anyway or is your sense more that you need the trade-in credit in order to spur action?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yeah. I think our view is that we do need that sort of trade-in credit; some kind of program, how big it needs to be, I think we can – it will continue to iterate on. But I think having – especially when you’re sighing about somebody with an operational unit disposing of it, I think emotionally it’s just a lot easier for them to get some value there. I think the good news is the higher selling price of the X2 allows us, the economics still work for us, and you’ve seen that in the results all year. Even with this trade-in program in place, we’ve been able to put up high results. It’s not like we’ve had to sacrifice profitability to offer that, and we do believe there’s a big market. As far as pulling things forward, yeah, there is probably – we definitely want to spur action here. Would those both people eventually upgrade? Yeah, potentially, but we want to sort of spur action here. And we do think there’s sort of a momentum effect here. I think our customers tend to look to each other to see how to operate their individual agencies. So, the more agencies we can have upgrading, and that sort of drumbeat I think will create more momentum in that upgrade and drive that point home.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Okay, great. And then cartridge sales look to me like it’s the biggest number maybe on record. Maybe there was one quarter in 2007 that was close. Is there anything in particular that you attribute that to or how do we think about that going forward?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Actually in the cartridge sales, we did – basically, we did have a special on cartridges this quarter for our distributors that allowed them to stock up. So, I expect the cartridge sales to probably tail-off a little bit in Q4 as a result. But we basically – we went through a program where we increased the price of cartridges for distribution to reflect the fact that they don’t have to put in as much effort to sell a cartridge. But we basically what we did as part of that is we told the distributors that twice a year we’ll run some specials on cartridges to allow them to stock up, if they need to. So I do expect we’ll probably see a little bit of a degradation in those cartridge unit sales in Q4. But I think it’s sort of a good balance with the distribution, and I think it’s been pretty popular with our distributors to give them opportunity to – twice a year they can stock up and recognize a little higher margin on those cartridges.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  And those are – you recognize those on sell into the distributor, right?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  That’s right.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  And the reality is, although we have 18 or so distributors, there’s only a handful that stock in large quantities. So, there is a few of them that really took advantage of the program. A lot of the – maybe smaller distributors are the ones that don’t tend to stock as much, didn’t take as much. So, like I said, I think we’ll be back to more normal levels in Q4. But it certainly it helped this quarter. The third quarter is seasonally a little slower for us. So it made sense for us to run that cartridge special this quarter, and we certainly saw the benefit of that special. And like I said, the economics are still good for us on that sale. Basically, we increased their prices at the beginning of this year; and basically, when we run the special, it’s kind of going back to the prices maybe they had back in 2011. So, the economics still work.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Is this the first time you’ve done that? I guess I haven’t heard of that before. Have you done that before?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  This is the second time we’ve done it.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  And when was the last one, was it Q3 also last year?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  No, we did it – well, we did it in Q1.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  So we did it again in Q3.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Got you.
Patrick W. Smith:  Well, Q1 was really when we introduced the change in the price structure.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yeah. We gave them basically an opportunity, even with the -to sort of have the old prices for Q1 and then it started in Q2 basically.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Got you, got you. Okay. And then one last question and I’ll hop back into the queue. Any sense for when video may break-even going forward? It seems to be getting some nice momentum on the top line. How should we think about that from a profitability standpoint?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yeah. I think it really is driven by that sort of the top line growth. We need – we’re continuing to focus on and we do want to – we do see a situation where we want to sort of grab as much of that market as we can. You do have sort of the long tail of the EVIDENCE.com. So getting as many customers in that system as possible is really the primary focus. Obviously, we want to be profitable as quickly as possible. But it’s – we want to make sure that the product is right. Want to make sure those customers, those early adopters, are well served. That’s why we’re looking at some account management and some other functions. So it’s a – we’re absolutely committed to getting that to profitability, but we also want to make sure that – like a lot of SaaS businesses, there is a large fixed component cost. We want to make sure that we get as many people using that system as possible and that will pay off in the years to come.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Group:  Got you. Okay, I’ll hop back in the queue. Thank you.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Thanks Steve.
Operator:  Thank you for your question. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Mark Strouse – JPMorgan Securities:  Hi, good morning. It’s actually Mark Strouse on for Paul. Can we just start with your cash? So, you’ve been able to generate a lot of cash year-to-date and you’ve put a lot of that into buying back shares. Now, as that program is over, I know you’re talking about investing some in the business. But are you still targeting to grow that cash balance in the near-term and what are the plans for that? Should we expect more buybacks or M&A opportunity?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yeah. Mark, this is Dan. Obviously, we’ve been very happy with the cash generation of the business. Even with the buyback, we’ve actually grown our cash balances this year with the – even with the $20 million buyback. We’ll continue to look at buybacks over time as a way to return excess cash to shareholders. We do see value in those programs. So, that’s something we’ll continue to evaluate. As far as M&A, obviously, if we do that, we’ll announce that to the broader market when it happens. But right now, we’re really just focused on operating the business as efficiently and effectively as possible, and I think the cash generation is a product of that. And it’s something we’ll continue to focus on.
Mark Strouse – JPMorgan Securities:  Right, okay. Okay. And now we’ve got a few months of the Protection Plan under our belt. Are you able to share any quantifiable metrics as far as the number of new agencies that have purchased throughout the quarter, the percentage of those that are utilizing the Protection Plan and any new financial impacts that you’ve seen, now that you’ve got some actual evidence there?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yeah. Mark, this is Dan again. I think it’s been – it’s early. So, we’ve had a couple deals already. In the first quarter we’ve announced this. I think there’s sort of some other sort of tangential benefits to the program. I think it allows us to keep the conversation going with our customers; customers that say, hey, this is a tough budget environment, we can’t, we just don’t know if we can upgrade our units this year or maybe increase the number of TASERs we have. I think it keeps the conversation going instead of saying, hey, let’s not stop it; you’ve got a tough budget; let’s talk about things that TASER can do to spread those payments over time. Maybe allow an agency to upgrade all at once versus having to do it over a several year period. So I think it’s been good; it’s been well received by customers. It is a little bit early. I think we’ll continue to talk about on the calls as we have deals. And certainly this quarter we had $1.1 million of our business this quarter was directly associated with these TASER Protection Plan deals. So, I think that’s a good start for the first quarter, and there’s definitely a pipeline of interest there. We’ll see how many deals we do, like I said. I think even regardless of whether – the amount of deals, I think the sales folks find it valuable, because it gives them another arrow there in their quiver to – as they have conversations with agencies and make sure that the budget conversation doesn’t stop the sale process.
Patrick W. Smith:  Yeah. We’ve seen a number of those, where the agency says, well, we don’t have the budget for it. We go down the TPP route, where they start moving in towards approving that. And then they end up coming back and saying, well, we found the money we’ll just buy it. And we estimate that those deals may have gone cold on us had we not had the ability to make the offer.
Mark Strouse – JPMorgan Securities:  Got it, perfect. Okay, that’s it for us. Thank you very much.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  All right, thanks Mark.
Operator:  Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley from Dougherty & Company. Please proceed.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah, thank you. I wonder if you can just talk a little bit about – first of all, it seems like a higher volume of lower value orders which are driving a fair amount of revenue upside relative to maybe your announced orders during the quarter. My sense is that’s related to development of this telesales group you’ve referred to. But I’m wondering if you can just talk a little bit about what you’re seeing in terms of order size and order volume, and if it is this telesales group, then maybe just help us better understand that sales effort?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Yeah. Greg, this is Dan. I think that’s exactly what we’re seeing. I think the theory was that those smaller agencies were under-served both by TASER and distribution. And having a dedicated telesales department to take leads generated mostly through our web programs and follow-up with those customers that maybe are tough to – maybe not super-convenient locations or just not easy to get to and wouldn’t normally warrant a face-to-face visit, I think it’s been successful for us. That market is under-served, we think. And I think the fact that we’ve sold over $2 million through the telesales; and as Rick alluded to, these average sale is about $3,200 to $3,300. So it’s a lot of small ticket sales, but clearly it’s made a difference to our business. And we feel that’s been a successful program. We’ve invested in it throughout the year. We’ve made a pretty strong investment in Q3. We added a fair amount; I think we’ve close to double the head count in the third quarter. But it’s been – so far, it’s been very successful and we expect that that will continue.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  So just as a framework, you did $2 million of revenue this quarter, what was that from this effort a year ago? And you said you doubled your head count. What kind of – what size of a sales force are we talking about there?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  So basically a year ago, it would have been zero. This is a brand-new function, so.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay, okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  And we’ve got about eight to nine people dedicated to this effort right now. They’re doing both telesales, and also as part of that, they’re doing some health and wellness checks with our customers. So, there’s some other benefits we’re getting; I think some good situational awareness as far as what’s happening in the agencies. In some cases, it doesn’t result in a sale, but it results in a lead that we can follow-up on later. And telesales is starting to create their own pipeline of future deals, just like our regional sales managers are doing for the larger transactions.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay. And looking at the numbers a little bit closely – more closely; if I look at the units that you gave us and extend those into revenues based off of what are normal ASPs for these devices in the past, there is a bigger gap between your reported revenues and what I can come up with and what is historically the case. I think that other bucket typically is maybe service and training. Was that a much larger portion of your revenue base this quarter than normal or why am I maybe a couple million dollars off there?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  The service revenue will continue to grow. The amount of – as I mentioned on the balance sheet, the deferred revenue is the line of the balance sheet that’s growing. So that...
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  So, that service component. And the – we’re starting to see the E.COM service revenues come through from deals we’ve done earlier in the year. That’s you’ll see – every quarter, you’ll see more of that previously deferred revenue recognized. So we are seeing that. I don’t think it would be to the extent of a couple million dollars. I think...
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  I think probably what you’re seeing a little bit, Greg, is that because we had more of these drop shipment sales that we see a higher selling price, because we sell at the full MSRP and then pay a distributor selling commission. I think that’s part of what’s driving it. I think ASPs are a little higher than normal this quarter because of that.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay, okay. So your realized price per unit is higher then?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  That’s right.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  And what happens is that offset ends up down in the SG&A line, because then we pay a sales commission...
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  I got it.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  To the distributor instead of them selling out of their stock, where we sell in at a low price and then they sell at the full.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Now, you talked about you had 15% increase in law enforcement revenues year-over-year, and your Q4 North American law enforcement market pipeline is quite strong. And this is now the third quarter in a row I guess where we’ve seen some generally positive traction in that market. Does that just mean your customers are sort of slowly coming out of what might be sort of a four or five-year perfect storm in terms of pressures on their budgets or how would you categorize any changes in the ability of your customers to spend some money?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  I think it’s – the budget climate remains tough. It’s certainly, I think, it’s better than it was a few years ago, but it’s still a tough environment. I think what our sales team is focused, Jeff Kukowski and his team, is really focused on being a funded priority. Even though municipalities are spending less in capital equipment than they were in the heyday, that number is not zero. So we just need to make sure that we’re a funded priority. And if we’re a funded priority, we think we’ll – those are deals we’ll continue to get even in a tough climate. We just need to make sure we’re showing enough value in our product offering to just be high in that list of priorities. And we believe that maybe at the heyday, the top 10 items got funded, and now it’s the top three. We just need to be in that top two or three priorities, then we think we can have success there.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay. And then on – just two last questions. The ECD gross margins, again, remained quite healthy 64%. Is that a good – represent a good base line for us to think about that business going forward?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  I think that’s – we feel very happy with that. Again, a mix of all this have an impact on that. Again, we saw those higher average selling prices this quarter because of the drop shipment. So, you’ll see there is the ability you’ll have some mix. So as you model the business, you have to just be cognizant of that’s the amount of direct business; either we take ourselves or we drop-ship and then pay a distributor a sales commission. That will definitely increase the gross margins, and then you’ll see that offset somewhere else.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  So you saw that drop-ship in essence offset the higher mix we would have seen from cartridges from a margin standpoint?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  That’s right. That’s exactly right. Because normally if we had sort of the normal complement of direct deals, we would have seen that margin maybe at a 62% range instead.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah. What – how big of a mix was drop-ship versus where it historically has been?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  It’s definitely higher. We had, like I said, we had almost $300,000 of variable selling expenses. So, that would say that several million dollars more of direct business this quarter versus the prior quarters.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  So it was a pretty big swing. It’d be about 10% more sales direct versus what we had maybe in the second quarter as far as direct business.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay. And so direct overall is roughly?
Daniel M. Behrendt:  About a third.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  A third, okay. And so that was up from, call it, 20% and went to the 30%.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Well, actually it’s normally about a third. So it probably went from about a third to about 40%.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay, okay. And then finally, Rick, you had mentioned that TAP program, and I got a little bit sidetracked and I wasn’t quite sure what that was referring to.
Patrick W. Smith:  Yeah. So the TAP program is, let’s say you buy a TASER today for round numbers for $1,000. You can go – you could either buy an extended warranty which is basically around $300. It’s no-questions-asked five-year warranty, or we can put you on this new TASER Assurance Plan. And what you do there is you pay – it’s included for the first year if you sign up for it. There’s no additional payment upfront. Then, at year one, you pay $195 and you get on that and basically every year it’s $195.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Patrick W. Smith:  What we do with that is we include the no-questions-asked warranty; we give you some on-site spares. So if you ever have a unit go down, instead of waiting, having an officer without a TASER, while it’s being shipped back for repair or replacement, you can pull one from your spare parts inventory to keep your operators live. That’s been a really well-received benefit from the people we’re talking to.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay.
Patrick W. Smith:  And then at the end of the year five, we replace that unit with a like unit, a brand-new unit every five years. Basically the way to think about it, you get the – for a $1,000 that you’re paying almost like a pre-paid basis, we bundle in warranty...
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah.
Patrick W. Smith:  And other value-added services. So we can position it as fundamentally they get about a 33% discount over what they would get if they bought all the components separately. But by getting us on this cadence, they basically have free warranty and services and they pay to that unit. And as soon as they’ve paid up the next unit, we’ll swap out their whole fleet.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Okay. Is it just to get to that sort of a recurring budget line item and you’re no longer dealing with one-off purchase authorizations, you make it more part of the annual expense structure?
Patrick W. Smith:  Yes.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah.
Patrick W. Smith:  Absolutely. That’s what we heard from our customers. They don’t like spending their political capital...
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah.
Patrick W. Smith:  To go back and make special requests. It’s kind of a pain for them to do that, where they prefer putting it on operating budget, autopilot, so to speak. Once they’ve accepted the TASER’s capability, they’re going to need – it’s an interesting dynamic. New agencies tend to wanted to sort of buy new capabilities and test them out using like drug asset forfeiture funds, et cetera, sort of one-time money. Once they’re convinced they need it, then it’s going to be an ongoing part of the operation. The feedback we’ve gotten is they prefer to just put this in their operating budget, so it doesn’t become something they have to deal with on a sporadic basis.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company:  Yeah, okay. All right. Thank you, guys.
Daniel M. Behrendt:  Thanks Greg.
Patrick W. Smith:  Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you for your question. I would now like to turn the call over to Rick Smith for the closing remarks.
Patrick W. Smith: Okay. Well, like many of you, I was watching the stock this morning and I think we all had a light heart, feeling good. Again, I know there’s been some pain to get here, both operationally for the company and for our shareholders; it’s been a hard road. We’ve been investing significantly. We appreciate the patience. You’ve stuck with us. We’re seeing some of those rewards now. And you can rest assured that our investment management team here remain very focused on continuing to run a profitable business, generating strong operating results and leveraging the investment we’ve made in some of these new business segments to start bringing them to the same state of being that we’ve achieved with our core ECD business, which is solid growth, strong profit, lots of cash generation. So, look forward to talking to you all after the first year. Have a great holiday season and thank you one more time for being a shareholder in TASER.
Operator:  Thank you for participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith – CEO Dan Marc Behrendt – CFO
Analysts: Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Greg Mckinley – Dougherty 
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2010 TASER International Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Don and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct a question and answer session. Please note that the conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Rick Smith. Mr. Smith, you may begin.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Welcome everyone. Appreciate you joining us this morning. Before we get started I'm going to ask Dan to read the Safe Harbor Statement.
Dan: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement markets, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints in prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Marc Behrendt: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement markets, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints in prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. Okay, so I'm sure everybody has seen by now this morning we reported Q2 sales were up $7 million or 33% year-over-year coming into $28.2 million. Perhaps even more importantly, if you look at the cash generation of the business we generated $9.7 million in cash from operations. Of course if you do the math on that we were generating cash at an annualized rate in the second quarter of $0.73 per share. Operating income came in at $6.1 million. To go back and touch on the cash as well, we can point out the obvious, that was inclusive across the entire business, if you look at the core ECD business, which has been funding our investments in the new video business, obviously that number is significantly higher in the core business if look at on a standalone basis. Margins improved year-over-year although they declined slightly sequentially, came in at 58.5% compared to 57.8% last year and course if you look in our ECD business 63.7% gross margin, a number we're very proud of. Again we break this out so that it helps us as a management team to use investors to monitor how well we're managing our core business so (inaudible) by the investments that we're making in the new business. Revenues in the ECD business increased 8% sequentially from $24.8 million to $26.9 million and in the core ECD business operating income was $8.6 million. So we're running at 32% operating income in the core ECD business. Revenues in the video business increased 47% sequentially albeit from a small base of $884,000 in the first quarter to $1.3 million in the second quarter. That growth is really driven primarily by TASER CAM and the new TASER CAM HD as the AXON Flex didn’t ship until late in the quarter. If we look at the SG&A expenses coming down, the result of a continuous focus on efficiency and cost control, research and development also decreased by $800,000 to $2.0 million. I'm sure people are wondering is TASER investing sufficiently in research and development and as I always tell you the decreases are really about this continued streamlining of our research and development efforts. We are more efficient than we have ever been. This is largely attributable to reduction in professional consulting fees, basically some of the bulk resources when you've got to go out and bring an external consultant's when you are finishing up a major project. So I say at this point we are innovating at a much more efficient and better pace and we've also moved to an OEM model looking to insource technology from other providers rather than building it ourselves. For example if you look at the AXON Flex, in our partnership with Looksie [ph] we were able to buy the major components of the AXON Flex and then only focus on engineering that is required to customize for our marketplace is a far more efficient and faster way to get to market than if you look at the previous AXON Pro product we've developed where we develop the computer, the communications hub and the camera all from the ground up in house. That's a longer slower more extensively developed product. So I'm very proud of what we've accomplished in our R&D segment. Again I'd say we're getting better, we're doing more with less and we believe that we are right sized in terms of how we're approaching R&D. So with that I'm going to turn it over to Dan to take us through the financial results in greater detail.
Dan: Thank you Rick. So as Rick says revenues for Q2 was $28.2 million. This is up approximately $7 million or 33% over the prior year. The increase in sales versus prior years is driven by the continuous option extension of the upgraded program for the X2 Electronic Control Device as well as a significant order I guess during the quarter from Brazil. One of the bright spots for the quarter is the North American law enforcement market, continues to be strong, mostly driven by the upgrade cycle to the new X2 device. North American law enforcement sales are actually up 39% year-over-year. This follows a 25% year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter this year. So we've got three quarters in a row of significant growth, almost completely driven by the adoption cycle of the new X2 device. Gross margin for the quarter was $16.5 million or 58.5% of revenue. That's up 70 basis points from 57.8% of the prior year. This is actually the fifth consecutive quarter of gross margin improvement. We continue to see a benefit from the higher operating leverage in the business as well as a favorable product mix. The SG&A expenses of $8.4 million in the second quarter versus $9.1 million in the prior year, the reduction in SG&A expenses were driven by the continuing cost controls in the business. SG&A as a percentage of sales was actually 29.8% of net sales in Q2 of 2012 that compares to 42.8% in the same quarter of last year. If you sort of look at our history over the last four quarters we've sort of ranged from this sort of low water market of $8.4 million all the way up to $10.3 million over the last four quarters and we are going to be making some strategic investments in France and Brazil along with some new hires. So we do expect that SG&A expenses will tick up a little bit in the second half of 2012 but still within the range of what we've seen over the last four quarters and we are executing this focus on our cost controls. Research and development expenses of $2 million for the second quarter which were favorable by $800,000 comparative to the 2011 second quarter, again due to the continued cost controls as Rick mentioned we see mostly, the biggest drivers there are the reductions of consulting cost as well as some headcount reductions we have taken over last year. Again, similar to SG&A, we do expect R&D expenses to tick up a little bit in the second half as we make some critical hires to drive that business going forward but we're focused on a continued cost control. So we don’t expect as we get significantly up from sort of the range we've been over the last four quarters. Adjusted operating income which excludes the impact of stock based compensation charges, depreciation and amortization and litigation judgment expenses was $8.4 million in the second quarter of 2012. This is actually a $7.2 million increase from the adjusted operating income of $1.2 million in the second quarter of 2011. The GAAP income from operations for the quarter was $6.1 million. This compares to a GAAP loss of $5 million in the second quarter of 2011. Again the second quarter of 2011 was impacted by a number of sort of significant onetime items. We had a sterner judgment to protect our impairment last year and also the impairment of some of our assets for e.com datacenters. So that was a driver for loss last year but again even on an adjusted basis we're up significantly over the prior year. Net income for the second quarter of 2012 is $3.4 million or $0.06 per share on both a basic and diluted basis compared to a loss of $2.3 million or $0.04 loss on a diluted basis in the second quarter of last year. We finished the quarter with $23.2 million worth of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments. It's actually a decrease of $3.3 million from the yearend cash levels, investment levels but the base driver there is the buyback of stock as we announced on April 25th, the Board of Directors authorized the $20 million buyback of stock. We actually purchased $16.1 million worth of stock in the second quarter and that was offset by the operating cash flow. So cash came down slightly but given the significant cash generation in the business is funny, that buyback of stock. Accounts receivable $14.7 million, or up actually $2.9 million from the prior year end, again due to increased sales in the second quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Inventory at June 30th is $10.5 million. It's actually down $1 million from the prior year end balance. Decreases attributed to reductions in finished goods due to the strong sales in the second quarter. The total assets for the business at June 30th were $97.8 million. As you move on the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable $3.9 million is actually down $0.6 million from the yearend balance due to the timing of some check runs and just purchasing activity versus the fourth quarter. Crew liabilities of $6.6 million are actually down $1.1 million reduced the litigation judgment expense reversal of $2.2 million that we took last quarter relating to the Turner case. The total deferred revenue line on the balance sheet of $9.2 million has actually increased $1.3 million from the 2011 year end levels. This is due to a number of factors. The increased sales of the X2 are driving that because of a number of the extended warranties that are purchased with that X2 trading program as well as we sell more Flex as we do defer roughly between that 50% and 60% of the Flex sales to reflect the fact it does come in the e.com service and will be recognized in that EVIDENCE.com service over the service life which is anywhere from one to three years. So you will see that deferred revenue line tick up as we see further traction in both the X2 trading programs and the increase in our Flex sales over time. The total liabilities are $20.5 million and we finished the quarter with $75.3 million in stockholders’ equity. Again that's down a little bit from the year end, just driven by the stock buyback that we executed on in the second quarter. We continue to have no debt on the balance sheet and have plenty of liquidly to fund those R&D efforts and sales expansion efforts internationally. As we move on to the cash flow information the company had cash provided from operations of $9.7 million during the second quarter of 2012 and for the six months ended June 30th, we've generated $13.4 million of cash from operations. The cash used by investing activities for the six months ended June 30th was $1 million compared to $11.6 million in the same period last year. Again the cash usage this year is really driven mostly by the by the purchasing activities and property and equipment, mostly some computers and also some of the production equipment for some of the new products we've launched this year. Cash used in financing activities was $15.7 million for the six months ended June 30th, 2012, compared to $12.5 million in the same period of 2011. Again the base driver there is the repurchase of $16.1 million worth of the company stock during the quarter. We did purchase approximately 3.1 million shares during the June 30th quarter. We ended the quarter with $18 million in cash and $5.2 million in short term investments for a total of $23.2 million of cash in investments. We still feel very confident in the strong liquidity position and the ability to continue investing in the business and then with that I just want to move on to sort of the sales statistics for people modeling the business here. For the second quarter we actually sold 11,292 of the X26 ECDs. We sold 8,338 of the X2 ECDs. That's up sharply from the first quarter. M26s, we sold 790 units. We sold 25 of the X3 product, 2,708 C2 units and 2,351 TASER CAMs. Again that's up pretty sharply from the first quarter as well and for cartridge sales we had 364,104 cartridges sold in the quarter. Again that's comparable to the first quarter where we're seeing a pretty strong year in cartridge sales so far. And with that I'll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Marc Behrendt: Thank you Rick. So as Rick says revenues for Q2 was $28.2 million. This is up approximately $7 million or 33% over the prior year. The increase in sales versus prior years is driven by the continuous option extension of the upgraded program for the X2 Electronic Control Device as well as a significant order I guess during the quarter from Brazil. One of the bright spots for the quarter is the North American law enforcement market, continues to be strong, mostly driven by the upgrade cycle to the new X2 device. North American law enforcement sales are actually up 39% year-over-year. This follows a 25% year-over-year improvement in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter this year. So we've got three quarters in a row of significant growth, almost completely driven by the adoption cycle of the new X2 device. Gross margin for the quarter was $16.5 million or 58.5% of revenue. That's up 70 basis points from 57.8% of the prior year. This is actually the fifth consecutive quarter of gross margin improvement. We continue to see a benefit from the higher operating leverage in the business as well as a favorable product mix. The SG&A expenses of $8.4 million in the second quarter versus $9.1 million in the prior year, the reduction in SG&A expenses were driven by the continuing cost controls in the business. SG&A as a percentage of sales was actually 29.8% of net sales in Q2 of 2012 that compares to 42.8% in the same quarter of last year. If you sort of look at our history over the last four quarters we've sort of ranged from this sort of low water market of $8.4 million all the way up to $10.3 million over the last four quarters and we are going to be making some strategic investments in France and Brazil along with some new hires. So we do expect that SG&A expenses will tick up a little bit in the second half of 2012 but still within the range of what we've seen over the last four quarters and we are executing this focus on our cost controls. Research and development expenses of $2 million for the second quarter which were favorable by $800,000 comparative to the 2011 second quarter, again due to the continued cost controls as Rick mentioned we see mostly, the biggest drivers there are the reductions of consulting cost as well as some headcount reductions we have taken over last year. Again, similar to SG&A, we do expect R&D expenses to tick up a little bit in the second half as we make some critical hires to drive that business going forward but we're focused on a continued cost control. So we don’t expect as we get significantly up from sort of the range we've been over the last four quarters. Adjusted operating income which excludes the impact of stock based compensation charges, depreciation and amortization and litigation judgment expenses was $8.4 million in the second quarter of 2012. This is actually a $7.2 million increase from the adjusted operating income of $1.2 million in the second quarter of 2011. The GAAP income from operations for the quarter was $6.1 million. This compares to a GAAP loss of $5 million in the second quarter of 2011. Again the second quarter of 2011 was impacted by a number of sort of significant onetime items. We had a sterner judgment to protect our impairment last year and also the impairment of some of our assets for e.com datacenters. So that was a driver for loss last year but again even on an adjusted basis we're up significantly over the prior year. Net income for the second quarter of 2012 is $3.4 million or $0.06 per share on both a basic and diluted basis compared to a loss of $2.3 million or $0.04 loss on a diluted basis in the second quarter of last year. We finished the quarter with $23.2 million worth of cash, cash equivalents and short term investments. It's actually a decrease of $3.3 million from the yearend cash levels, investment levels but the base driver there is the buyback of stock as we announced on April 25th, the Board of Directors authorized the $20 million buyback of stock. We actually purchased $16.1 million worth of stock in the second quarter and that was offset by the operating cash flow. So cash came down slightly but given the significant cash generation in the business is funny, that buyback of stock. Accounts receivable $14.7 million, or up actually $2.9 million from the prior year end, again due to increased sales in the second quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Inventory at June 30th is $10.5 million. It's actually down $1 million from the prior year end balance. Decreases attributed to reductions in finished goods due to the strong sales in the second quarter. The total assets for the business at June 30th were $97.8 million. As you move on the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable $3.9 million is actually down $0.6 million from the yearend balance due to the timing of some check runs and just purchasing activity versus the fourth quarter. Crew liabilities of $6.6 million are actually down $1.1 million reduced the litigation judgment expense reversal of $2.2 million that we took last quarter relating to the Turner case. The total deferred revenue line on the balance sheet of $9.2 million has actually increased $1.3 million from the 2011 year end levels. This is due to a number of factors. The increased sales of the X2 are driving that because of a number of the extended warranties that are purchased with that X2 trading program as well as we sell more Flex as we do defer roughly between that 50% and 60% of the Flex sales to reflect the fact it does come in the e.com service and will be recognized in that EVIDENCE.com service over the service life which is anywhere from one to three years. So you will see that deferred revenue line tick up as we see further traction in both the X2 trading programs and the increase in our Flex sales over time. The total liabilities are $20.5 million and we finished the quarter with $75.3 million in stockholders’ equity. Again that's down a little bit from the year end, just driven by the stock buyback that we executed on in the second quarter. We continue to have no debt on the balance sheet and have plenty of liquidly to fund those R&D efforts and sales expansion efforts internationally. As we move on to the cash flow information the company had cash provided from operations of $9.7 million during the second quarter of 2012 and for the six months ended June 30th, we've generated $13.4 million of cash from operations. The cash used by investing activities for the six months ended June 30th was $1 million compared to $11.6 million in the same period last year. Again the cash usage this year is really driven mostly by the by the purchasing activities and property and equipment, mostly some computers and also some of the production equipment for some of the new products we've launched this year. Cash used in financing activities was $15.7 million for the six months ended June 30th, 2012, compared to $12.5 million in the same period of 2011. Again the base driver there is the repurchase of $16.1 million worth of the company stock during the quarter. We did purchase approximately 3.1 million shares during the June 30th quarter. We ended the quarter with $18 million in cash and $5.2 million in short term investments for a total of $23.2 million of cash in investments. We still feel very confident in the strong liquidity position and the ability to continue investing in the business and then with that I just want to move on to sort of the sales statistics for people modeling the business here. For the second quarter we actually sold 11,292 of the X26 ECDs. We sold 8,338 of the X2 ECDs. That's up sharply from the first quarter. M26s, we sold 790 units. We sold 25 of the X3 product, 2,708 C2 units and 2,351 TASER CAMs. Again that's up pretty sharply from the first quarter as well and for cartridge sales we had 364,104 cartridges sold in the quarter. Again that's comparable to the first quarter where we're seeing a pretty strong year in cartridge sales so far. And with that I'll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Okay, thanks Dan. Okay, before we wrap up I want to revisit our three core strategic (inaudible) that we talked about in the last several conference calls and those areas of focus are number one upgrading our installed base of ECDs that was greater than five years old, number two, accelerating the penetration of our video and cloud business and number three expanding international sales. So first let's talk about the X2 and expanding our installed base. I saw a number of significant orders this quarter. One of the more important ones was in Australia 775 X@ ECDs. The international markets tend to take a longer time to improve new products. So we're delighted to see Australia being the first country to move in a significant way to the X2 and also 475 TASER CAM HDs. It is also a strong quarter for state patrols, Oregon State Petrol went full deployment with 454 X2s, North Carolina Highway Petrol with 422 X2s, how state petrol upgraded from M26s to X26's 485 units. We also saw in the municipal area some strong X2 purchases, 250 units going to Manchester, 162 units going to Las Vegas beginning their transition. Obviously that's a very large department I believe, over 3000 officers so this hopefully the start of a larger transition. We also had another large agency purchase 2,500 X2 units. That agency for operational security reasons asked us not to disclose who it was so we're not going to. In terms of the upgrades themselves, obviously some of these were new purchases. We like to keep tabs on how much of the installed base is actually upgrading. At the end of Q1 we had upgraded approximately 3.3% of the installed base of ECDs that are greater than five years old and at the end of Q2 this number has risen from 3.3% to 5%. So we're making some progress there. This was partially due to the reintroduction of an upgrade program this year. We had an upgrade program last year that (inaudible) at the end of the year. We did see a dip in X2 sales in the first quarter. So we revamped a new upgrade that's declined in value each quarter, starting at $250.00 and declining to $160 by year end. We believe that helped to reinvigorate upgrades. Now today we just announced the new program that we believe could also have a significant impact on upgrade. So this is a new initiative we help our customers transition, called the TASER Protection Plan or TPP. The Protection Plan allows our customers, TASER ECDs accessories tunable in five equal payments over a five year time period. This program offers two key advantages. First, it allows our customers to avoid the difficult process of getting large singular capital equipment purchase approvals. Instead we allow them to use roughly one fifth of that amount of money and break it into annual outlays from their operating budget. This creates predictable ongoing budget (inaudible) and it can be used to replace after the fifth year to replace and upgrade the (inaudible). So basically we're able to get an operating line item. Obviously in governments that's a very helpful thing because once you're there, tendency it makes it a lot easier if you're sick to just continue that line item, go ahead and upgrade those units with the new extended payment purchase or lease purchase in your six as opposed to once every five or six or longer number of years, having you come back for abnormal approvals for capital equipment expenditures. So we believe this will allow a more smooth transition to upgrading over time and we expect this budgetary dynamic could allow for a much larger percentage of the market to upgrade their devices in a more timely fashion that we've seen historically. Again over the past year we've seen around 5% of the market upgrade to the newer product, 5% of devices that are over five years old. Obviously we can pick that 5% up to a greater number which can impact on the business. Now we only started test marketing this TCP to a small number of agencies over the last 45 days. We've already received our first order from Colorado Springs for 525 X2s. We do have several other deals in the pipeline now and we're planning a full roll out in the middle of August. So we're preparing distributor training and all the items needed to scale this program from a small test to a full roll out. I should also point out that we are partnering with leasing partners that enable us to accelerate payment, basically so that we would get paid up front with the lease partners exercising their core competencies operating over the term of the lease which obviously means we can outsource the credit risk and the payments over time and we can accomplish this due to the way we're structuring these programs without degrading our operating margins. Let's move to our secondary analysis video in EVIDENCE.com. I'm very proud to report we have had two full deployments within weeks of shipping, BART, the Bay Area Rapid Transit police is up to 220 units. They've started with an initial order of I believe around 160 and then expanded it within a matter of weeks, so a full 220 and Modesto California, $131 AXON Flex cameras. The other thing we're seeing that is quite encouraging is the major cities are moving much faster than we experienced with the ECD launch 10 years ago. Both Mesa and Fort Worth had 50 units in the field. We have several other major cities that are currently testing and many of them who expressed interest. So we had anticipated that we see the smaller agency outpacing the large agencies just due to the dynamics of the purchasing environment but we think we've been pleasantly surprised that large agencies seem to be moving more quickly. Let me share a couple of customer quotes from agencies that have been testing these out in the field over the last several weeks, is these actually just came back in the last week or two. So from a First Officer, I have been a law enforcement officer for nine years. I've tested several body worn cameras for years now. By far the AXON Flex rates the best in every category. I personally wear a camera everyday on duty and believe that officer worn video is the wave of the future and not only protects officers from false claims, which it has done for me several times but it reminds people that their actions are being recorded and can be shown to a judge. Often that is enough for them to act differently towards the officer. I was surprised that I never ran out of battery power with both the cameras recording even on super long days when the camera was on the entire time it never failed me and on traffic stops they would start getting mouthy, then see the camera and stop talking. That's a reaction we have not been able to elicit with this group in the 50 years we've been dealing with them. And finally, just this last weekend on a quick patrol, I had someone tell me I was more intimidating than the 6'5" deputy standing next to me because of the camera. From another officer, I'm very pleased with the performance of the TASER AXON Flex camera system. I use it on every shift since it was assigned to me, uploading tons of videos to EVIDENCE.com website. I found the system as very easy to operate. I found this does not interfere with my performance in any way and I use the camera in rain, in the sun and even the cold. I use it on my motorcycle, in a patrol car, in the day time and at night and I've been nothing short of amazed at the performance of this system, the clarity of the picture, et cetera. In closing I highly recommend the purchase of the TASER AXON Flex body worn camera by our city police. So we're obviously delighted to be getting this sort of user feedback, the project being very well received. Now new bookings this quarter for the AXON Flex were roughly flat at a little over $400,000 which we attribute largely due to the fact that the Flex did not begin shipping until late in the quarter and most agencies were just receiving test units. However the TASER CAM HD, which had started shipping earlier in the year, did accelerate total sales in our video segment up to $1.3 million up from $884,000 in the first quarter. Now let's turn our attention to international sales with very solid results at $4.8 million in international sales. We had already talked about the orders from Australia which were significant. We also had an 800 unit X26 order from Brazil. This was important in that Brazil had historically been primarily buying the M26; we believe will see some transition to the X26 and even the X2 in Brazil. As mentioned, we have a team that's going in the country to set the foundation. They were at the International Association of Chiefs of Police conference in Brazil this week and they will be located full time in Brazil by the end of the year. I should also clarify we did announce in Brazil, we put out a press release in conjunction with a distributor and some government agencies down in Brazil that we do plan to invest approximately $6 million in the country. We have received several questions while we were writing the check today and this is an immediate expense. As you know, this is being funded out of revenues from Brazil over the next several years. Brazil has been around a $3 million a year country for us in revenues. So expect those investments to come from positive net margins in the country, not a large upfront capital investment. We're focused on being efficient and growing our business in Brazil intelligently. We're not building a company owned facility in Brazil. Rather one of our contract manufacturing partners that already manufactures some of the more complicated and complex components for us here in the U.S. they have their own facility in Brazil, which is well established. So we're partnering with that same contract manufacturer in order to do the final assembly of the complete unit in Brazil. So we will be sending a team of several U.S. employees to spend the next year in Brazil and help us build out the local team and grow the country over the long term. But again we expect this to be funded out of operating margin from that country. In Europe we've also expanded our presence. We have two employees who have relocated from the U.S. to help the team of four that we already had in Europe. They are located in France and Germany. Earlier this month you saw we announced several significant orders out of TASER Europe. So we're seeing our investments in greater customer engagement begin to bear fruit. So in completion we've been very pleased with the performance of the company in the first half of 2012. Your employees have been working hard, cutting cost, improving our processes across the board. So all the effort is paying off with the results that we're so proud to report today. We believe such products and programs are in place, such as the new TPP payment plan which will set the foundation for a stronger second half of 2012 however I should remind you that the third quarter has tended to be seasonally weaker than the second quarter and as always it still remains difficult to predict the timing of large orders and the random adoption for our newest products. So thanks for taking time to join us today. We look forward to talking with you all again in October and with that we'll open it up for a few questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Please go ahead.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Congratulations on the good results. A question just generally on the phase out of the X26. I shouldn’t say phase out but it's my understanding that departments have been made aware that essentially five years is the useful life for an X26. I'm just wondering in general anecdotal reaction to that. Do you see that driving upgrade cycles, other people just sort of deciding they are going to roll the dice, what's the general reaction to that?
Rick Smith: We are seeing that it is helping our customer to sort of get focused on upgrade technology. The X26 is a 10 year old platform. Now in the current budgetary environment we have seen many agencies have been putting out their capital equipment purchases, vehicles that they normally replace every three or four years, they are getting several X2 out of them. So we're certainly not seeing across the board that people are immediately moving to upgrade a repressed unit that are getting past their useful life but it's starting to make a different. We believe the most important and compelling aspect are the improved safety features of the newer product which helps giving them a more compelling reason to upgrade and we're certainly hoping that this new TASER Payment Plan helps them to do that off operating budgets and accelerate the upgrade. So it is making a difference if not 100% across the board, certainly that the people are immediately to upgrade units outside their useful life.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Have you noticed any difference and maybe this is too early to say but in cartridge usage with the X2 versus the 26?
Dan: Yes, this is Dan. Nothing significant so far. Because you've got ability to display the wearing art we are hearing from the CO that they are getting compliance from people, just displaying that Warning Arc which they're more likely to do with the X2 because with the X26 you have to basically unload the weapon to display the Warning Arc, where the X2, one of the key features and the key benefits is the fact you can do that while it's loaded so you don’t create an officer safety issue. So and certainly we are hearing that they're getting a lot of compliance from that. We haven’t really seen that translate into a difference in the cartridge usage so far.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. Nothing significant so far. Because you've got ability to display the wearing art we are hearing from the CO that they are getting compliance from people, just displaying that Warning Arc which they're more likely to do with the X2 because with the X26 you have to basically unload the weapon to display the Warning Arc, where the X2, one of the key features and the key benefits is the fact you can do that while it's loaded so you don’t create an officer safety issue. So and certainly we are hearing that they're getting a lot of compliance from that. We haven’t really seen that translate into a difference in the cartridge usage so far.
Rick Smith: Yes, I think the dynamics that we would look at in general, if we had to estimate it between 10% and 20% of our cartridges that are sold or actually used in the field, 80% to 90% are used in training. So because of the multi shot capability of the X2 we actually see greater number of the cartridges being fired in training but we may see less cartridges being fired in the field due to the surrenders but the net effect, it is too early to say, which direction it went [ph] down.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: And then Dan, how will the revenue be recognized under the new TPP program? Is that going to be a deferred revenue scenario or is that all upfront and just the cash flows are deferred.
Dan: Yes. So it's going to depend on whether we actually sell the paper. This first deal with Colorado Springs are actually partner with a leasing company. So we will get paid up front. So we'll recognize the revenue upfront. If we hold the paper we will likely end up recognizing over time that for the most part our goal here will be depending on the deal structure, mostly the deals we expected, we want to hold the papers. So we recognize the sales upfront.
Marc Behrendt: Yes. So it's going to depend on whether we actually sell the paper. This first deal with Colorado Springs are actually partner with a leasing company. So we will get paid up front. So we'll recognize the revenue upfront. If we hold the paper we will likely end up recognizing over time that for the most part our goal here will be depending on the deal structure, mostly the deals we expected, we want to hold the papers. So we recognize the sales upfront.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: And is that the full normal ASP or does the leasing company shave anything off for themselves?
Dan: Yes, there is a little bit of a discount. As Rick said we think we can do that and still maintain our normal operating profit because just the fact that this driving higher sales than just some of the other considerations as part of the sale. So even though there is a little bit of a haircut we'd say the overall profitability of the deal still be strong.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, there is a little bit of a discount. As Rick said we think we can do that and still maintain our normal operating profit because just the fact that this driving higher sales than just some of the other considerations as part of the sale. So even though there is a little bit of a haircut we'd say the overall profitability of the deal still be strong.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay, and then my last question and I'll jump back in the queue. Gross margins have been really very good the last couple of quarters and I'm trying to figure out kind of going forward if that's a sustainable level, how much of that is just attributable to the higher revenue run rate versus do we have with the X2 and the AXON maybe a kind of a permanent shift in mix that's going to take those up some.
Dan: Yes, that's a good question. I think that overall certainly the higher operating leverage we have is helping. There is a lot of indirect manufacturing cost that are relatively fixed. So having higher sales levels certainly help in that regard. I think the X2 has certainly helped in that regard because of the higher ASP versus the X26. As we see more adoption of Flex I think that will be in the near term will be a little bit of a drag just because of the deferred revenue. We're not recognizing, we're only recognizing half of that sale upfront and then the other half overtime. It will become normalized over time but in the beginning because of the deferred revenue component of the Flex sales as the AXON Flex takes off and because that they are part of the business; those margins won't be quite as strong as the ECD margins.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, that's a good question. I think that overall certainly the higher operating leverage we have is helping. There is a lot of indirect manufacturing cost that are relatively fixed. So having higher sales levels certainly help in that regard. I think the X2 has certainly helped in that regard because of the higher ASP versus the X26. As we see more adoption of Flex I think that will be in the near term will be a little bit of a drag just because of the deferred revenue. We're not recognizing, we're only recognizing half of that sale upfront and then the other half overtime. It will become normalized over time but in the beginning because of the deferred revenue component of the Flex sales as the AXON Flex takes off and because that they are part of the business; those margins won't be quite as strong as the ECD margins.
Operator: Thank you. Your last question comes from Greg Mckinley from Dougherty. Please go ahead.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: First of all Dan, I missed the number you gave on cartridge units. Could you repeat that please?
Dan: Yes, sure thing. So we sold $364,104 cartridges in the quarter.
Marc Behrendt: Yes, sure thing. So we sold $364,104 cartridges in the quarter.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: And then can you remind me of the X2 rebate rate currently in effect, what reductions if any have occurred and then how you expect that rebate to sort of bleed out later this year?
Dan: Yes so it was, for the second quarter it was $250 a unit. In the third quarter it will come down to $210 a unit. So basically we want to, a sort of difference from where we were at year end, we kind of announced the rebates throughout the year. So we want to encourage customers to move as quickly as they can and their budgets allow because the rebate is coming down over the year. So it’s $250 in Q2, come down to $210 in Q3 and certainly it dipped but it helped us a little bit in Q2. Its great emphasis for certain customers that want to move a little quicker to make sure they take advantage of a higher trade in value.
Marc Behrendt: Yes so it was, for the second quarter it was $250 a unit. In the third quarter it will come down to $210 a unit. So basically we want to, a sort of difference from where we were at year end, we kind of announced the rebates throughout the year. So we want to encourage customers to move as quickly as they can and their budgets allow because the rebate is coming down over the year. So it’s $250 in Q2, come down to $210 in Q3 and certainly it dipped but it helped us a little bit in Q2. Its great emphasis for certain customers that want to move a little quicker to make sure they take advantage of a higher trade in value.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: Great. It was also $250 in Q1? Is that correct?
Dan: That’s correct.
Marc Behrendt: That’s correct.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: Yes, okay. Just getting back to the TASER Protection Plan for a moment, so you would envision if most transactions occur, such as the one that you are doing with Colorado Springs in my sense is that is how you expect most of these to be handled. On the P&L, where it's just going to see revenue and cost of sales, and then the leasing company in essence is your direct customer and maybe just a slightly lower gross margin rate but you will make up for operating margin just with operating expense leverage on higher volume. Is that how you're thinking about it?
Rick Smith: Yes, that's exactly right.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: Okay. And then you wouldn’t anticipate holding like long term deferred receivables, that you think most of the receivable will be with the leasing company rather than yourself?
Rick Smith: Yes. That's the current intent. Obviously we'll have to sort of see how this plays out over time. We've got a strong cash generation in the business but for right now we think we'll let the leasing company do what they're good at and we'll do what we are good at, as long as the economics work. Obviously if that discount the leasing company wants to take becomes (inaudible) if the economics work, we certainly reserve rights to take that paper sell but for right now what we're seeing is that we can do this and have them be responsible, both take a credit risk and also do the sort of recurring billings, everything like that and I think that's the model intend on going forward and I think it should work. We're talking to a number of different leasing companies and that should help us keep it competitive so the rates we sell the paper at remains attractive for us.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: Any ballpark guidance on what kind of discount you are going to be seeing on those sales?
Rick Smith: Not that I can really say. It's going to depend on each deal. A part of it will depend through the inferred interest rate that's based into the lease. Obviously the lower the rate the bigger the discount that well face. So nothing I can really talk to. I think overall like I said, I won't change our operating margins for the business but we still feel that even if we do more of these deals over time we don’t think it will be net accretive to earnings.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: Okay, thank you. And then on the video business, I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about how you guys are assessing the performance of the business from a higher level perspective in terms of what do we to see out of it in order to continue justifying heavy investment back into it, maybe also give us a framework for what type of annual revenue run rate might be need to be achieved before it's no longer dilutive to operating income. So what kind of milestones do you need to be seeing in the next six to nine months where you say yes, this is something we want to continue to pursue?
Rick Smith: Those are great questions. I think one thing we they are going to look at is really just the traction. I think for us if you look at the first quarter results we actually had a net investment in the video business of about $3 million. That's been reduced down to about $2.5 million. Obviously we want to continue to see that work into a short break even and start contributing. So I think that we're going to monitor closely both for the net investment but we are encouraged by the traction we are seeing, we are encouraged by the feedback we're getting from some of the early customers and we still remain convinced that this can be a very interesting and material part of our business. So I think as long as we continue to feel that way we think the investment is warranted. But I think, same as you guys will be doing from an investors perspective, we are going to monitor the performance of that and really want to see this continue to gain traction in both the sales and profitability of that business.
Greg Mckinley – Dougherty: Any feel on required revenues in the video segment to sort of have that segment be a breakeven proposition?
Dan: It's tough to answer that because it will sort of depend on how quickly we get there. The good thing about the video business, because we're deferring some of the Flex sales, that will actually help in the future because the cost of running sort of the infrastructure, they are sort of a variable part of that. So as those deferred revenues start being recognized that will actually help the profitability. So it's a tough thing to model but certainly I think that sort of the best way to look at it will be to sort of see the trend and be able to sort of predict kind of when we kind of cross that breakeven threshold.
Marc Behrendt: It's tough to answer that because it will sort of depend on how quickly we get there. The good thing about the video business, because we're deferring some of the Flex sales, that will actually help in the future because the cost of running sort of the infrastructure, they are sort of a variable part of that. So as those deferred revenues start being recognized that will actually help the profitability. So it's a tough thing to model but certainly I think that sort of the best way to look at it will be to sort of see the trend and be able to sort of predict kind of when we kind of cross that breakeven threshold.
Operator: At this time we have no further questions. Do you have any concluding remarks?
Rick Smith: Well just again, thanks everybody. Obviously we really enjoy days like today. You know it's been a long, long road the last several years to get here. I think we've really tuned up the organization. Any shareholders that would like to come take a visit to your company please feel free to contact our IR department by e-mail at ir@taser.com. I would be happy to show you around your company and we look forward to hopefully continued strong performance in the back half of the year and as we move into 2013 and look forward to joining you all again in late October for our next conference call. So thanks and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Patrick W. Smith – Chief Executive Officer and Director Daniel Marc Behrendt – Chief Financial Officer and Investor Relations Contact 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Q1 2012 TASER International, Inc., earnings conference call. My name is Sandra and I will be your operator for today. At the time all participants will be on a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Please go ahead, sir.
Patrick W. Smith: Great. Thank you. Welcome, everyone. Thank you for spending part of your morning with us. Before we get started I’m going to have Dan Behrendt, our CFO, read the Safe Harbor.
Daniel Marc Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. Our Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.TASER International intends that such forward-looking such forward-looking statements to be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement markets, expansion of product sales through the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capabilities, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets for which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risk, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality concerns, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints in prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Patrick W. Smith: Thanks, Dan. I think we’re all proud to be having a call like one we’re having today. I think the results reflect a lot of hard work by a lot of great people. As you all are probably aware, first quarter revenues came in at $25.6 million, an increase of $2.5 million or 10.9% over the first quarter a year ago. Sequentially revenues grew by about 20%. This increase was driven primarily by our third consecutive quarter of growth in North American law enforcement, which grew by over 25% as well as by a large order from the United States Army. These increases were partially offset by a 51% decrease in international sales from a year ago period, although we did see a slight sequential increase over the fourth quarter.
 : Operating income of $6.4 million, $6.456 million, I guess round up to $6.5 million, came in over 25% of revenues, driven by a combination of strong operating results and a partial reversal of the Turner verdict, which caused us to reduce our litigation reserve by $2.2 million. And with that, I will hand over to Dan to go into more detail through the results.
Daniel Marc Behrendt: Thanks, Rick. So as Rick said, revenue for Q1 was $25.6 million, which is up approximately $2.5 million or 10.9% from the prior year first quarter amount. The increase in sales versus prior year were driven by the continued adoption of the X2 electronic control device as well as a significant order from the United States Army for 3500 X26 ECDs, following the DOD's Type Classification of the X26. Gross margin for the first quarter was $15.2 million or 59.4% of revenue which is 6.6% as a percent of sales better than the 52.8% in the prior year. The improvements in margins were mostly driven by the increased leverage of indirect manufacturing cost due to the higher sales and a favorable product mix. When we look at the ECD segment gross margin, it was 65.2% in Q1 of 2012 versus 59.3% in Q1 of 2011. We’re encouraged by the gross margin performance. We’ll likely see a slight degradation in gross margin as we increase the sale of video products, as these carry lower gross margin than the ECD products. But that should be partially offset over time with profitable recurring revenue from EVIDENCE.com as the video business scales up. The SG&A expenses for the quarter were $8.9 million versus $9.3 million in the prior year. SG&A was 34.5% of net sales in Q1 of 2012 compared to 40.4% of net sales in 2011. The improvement was mostly driven by lower consulting and lobbying fees, about $240,000 and we continue to encourage by the lower SG&A levels, although some of the improvements in the quarter were really driven by some timing difference, so we expect the ongoing SG&A rate to be closer to the sort of the 2011 SG&A levels on a go forward basis. Research and development expenses were $2.1 million for the first quarter, which were favorable by $0.6 million when compared to 2011. Again, the decrease was mostly driven by the continued decline in consulting costs, as well as implementing some head count reductions. And then similar to SG&A, R&D expenses were favorable even to our budgets. So again we expect our ongoing R&D expenses to be closer to sort of the run rate you saw in the later part of 2011. The litigation judgment expense is driven by the reversal of the part of our accrual on the Turner case. The judgment allowed us to reverse $2.2 million of the $3.3 million we had on the balance sheet. We still have that $1.1 million reserved, which is the amount of the judgment which is in excess of our insurance limits for that year. Our adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of stock-based compensation charges, depreciation and amortization and losses on write-down disposal of property and equipment, was $6.7 million for the first quarter of 2012. This is a $3.5 million or 113% increase from adjusted operating income of $3.1 million in the first quarter of 2011. We also backed out the benefit of the partial reversal of litigation judgment on Turner out of that normalized adjusted operating income, just so people would see on a go-forward basis without that one-time benefit in the results. The GAAP income from operations for the quarter was $6.5 million for the first quarter, compared to income of operations of $100,000 for the first quarter of 2011. Net income for the first quarter was $3.8 million or $0.07 per share on both basic and diluted basis, compared to net income of $19,000 or $0.00 per share on a basic and diluted basis in the first quarter of 2011. The tax provision for the first quarter is $2.6 million compared to $0.1 million in the first quarter of last year. We continue to show the results of both the video and the ECD segments of the business. Increased sales and reductions in the cost structure drove an increase in operating income from the ECD business in the first quarter of 2012 to $9.4 million versus $2.9 million in the first quarter of 2011. When we back out the one-time benefit of the reduction of the judgment accrual on the Turner case and normalize the results, income from operations for ECD remains at $7.2 million or 29% of ECD sales, very strong results in that segment of the business. We do continue to invest heavily in the video segment. The loss from operations for the video business was $3 million in the first quarter of 2012 versus $2.9 million in the first quarter of 2011. We are beginning to see more traction in the video business with launch of the AXON Flex product and expect to see results improve over the year. Moving on to the balance sheet, we did finish the quarter with $29.7 million worth of cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments. The increase of $3.3 million from the year-end balance was due to the $3.6 million provided from operating activities. So the net cash flow from operations was $2.6 million, which drove that increase in the cash balance. Accounts receivable of $14.3 million are up $2.5 million from the prior year end due to the increased sales in the first quarter of 2012 versus the fourth quarter of 2011. Inventory of $11.1 million is down about $200,000 from the prior year end balance. The decrease is attributed to just general reductions in inventory balances and the increased sales figures. We do expect to see a short-term surge in the inventory balances as we ramp up the production of the AXON Flex product lines. The investment in property and equipment is $25.6 million, down $1.2 million compared to the prior year. Decrease is mostly a result of $1.6 million of depreciation expense, which was partially offset by investments in property and equipment for TASER X2 electronic control device product line and the AXON Flex video product line. Total assets were $107.4 million at the end of the quarter. Moving on the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable of $3.8 million is down $700,000 from the prior end due to timing differences in AP check runs at the year end versus the quarter end. Accrued liabilities of $5.8 million decreased $3.5 million primarily due to the litigation judgment expense reversal of $2.2 million on the Turner case. Deferred revenue of 8.2 million at March 31 increased $225,000 from the year end balance was due to new increased sales of the X2 trade-in program which includes an extended warranty. So that extended warranty deferral went up in the first quarter. And continue to have no long-term debt and plenty of liquidity to operate the business here. As we move on to the cash flow information, the company had cash provided from operations of $3.6 million during the first quarter of 2012 versus $4.4 million in the same quarter of last year. Again, the biggest difference versus the cash generation last year is the $2.5 million of AR. It’s more of a just driven by the sales growth in the first quarter. We did have cash used in investing activities. For the first quarter it was $0.6 million compared to $10.2 million in the prior year. The use of cash in 2011 was mostly driven by the net purchasing activity and short-term investments last year. Cash used in financing activities was only $14,000 for the three months ended March 31, 2012 compared to $5.1 million used in the same period in 2011. The cash usage in 2011 was driven by the stock buyback. And as we announced on the release here, the Board of Directors did approve another $20 million buyback for the company. So you will see that cash used in financing activities go up as we move into 2012. The company did end the quarter with $24.3 million of cash and $5.3 million in short-term investments for a total of $29.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. Again, very confident in the strong liquidity position we’re in and ability for the business to generate cash, which gives us a lot of confidence in the business. Also I’d like to just cover the unit sales before I turn the call back over to Rick just for the analyst, so they can model this. We had, for X26s we sold 13,415 units in Q1 of 2012. We sold 3,778 X2 units, 834 M26 units, 8 of the X3 units. We sold 3,054 of the C2s. TASER CAM we actually had a strong quarter for TASER CAMs 1631. TASER CAM sold in the quarter, and we sold 362,785 cartridges. And with that I’ll turn the call back over to Rick Smith.
Patrick W. Smith: Thanks, Dan. First I’d like to highlight the U.S. Army order. Certainly I am sure folks are asking whether we should think about it as a one-time event or is this something that can impact the future of the business. The important part there is this purchase comes at the end of the Type Classification process, which, the military has a fairly involved approval process for products to be Type Classified, which means that all the acquisition, methodologies, procedures, safeguards, et cetera are in place. And the product is officially approved for use by the department of defense. So this milestone does set the way to streamline future procurement by the Army. So of course we still have selling to do for those orders to come in. But that now drastically simplifies their ability to purchase and deploy as it’s now an officially approved platform. So a significant milestone. Great work to our federal and military team in completing that long process. As we initiated last quarter, we have begun to break out our P&L by business unit, so that our investors will be able to see how we’re doing in the electronic control device business, our historical core business, as well as the new video and cloud business unit. What you continue to see is that we have a solidly profitable, very cash, very positive cash generating machine and our core business. And the profits and cash flow from this core business have been funding the major development efforts in AXON and Evidence.com, where we believe we are well positioned as the first major mover in cloud computing for law enforcement. We believe we are close to the inflection point for the rapid adoption of officer-based video, and we believe that our solution is best-in-class with the Flex that will begin shipping next month. So we believe the investments we’ve made are the right move for TASER. It has been a good use of our cash and positions us to be a dominant player in a major new market. As I mentioned in our last call, in 2012 we are focused on rigorous execution. I believe that is part of what you are seeing in the numbers. Our organization is aligned towards three key goals. First is driving an upgrade cycle in our core ECD business in North America. Second is driving international sales adoption of our products globally, and third is driving adoption of AXON and Evidence.com in our cloud and video business unit. Progress on any one of these three initiatives can create significant growth and profitability for the company in 2012. Therefore we are limiting our scope of efforts to focus like a laser on these three areas. The upgrade opportunity will represent roughly 327,000 units by the end of this year that will be more than five years old, which is roughly a $350 million potential market for us to upgrade, just users that have devices that are past there expected useful life. In the first quarter, upgrades only accounted for roughly 1000 of the X2 sales. The reason for this is on December 31 our trade-in program expired, so for most of the first quarter we did not have an active trade-in program in place. Now, we felt it was important to maintain credibility by sunsetting the program at the (inaudible). We felt it was also important to test whether the upgrade program was making a difference, which we validated it was making a difference. And therefore we looked at how we could construct a new trade-in program after a six day period we introduced our 2012 trade-in program which we obviously had to take a hard look at how to make it consistent with what we had sunset in 2011 and yet meet our corporate objectives for 2012. So the new program whereas in 2011 the trade-in was a $300 credit. In 2012 the trade-in will start at $250 per unit for the first half of the year, and then it will decline to $160 per unit by year end. We believe this program will help agencies continue to transition for the new X2 over the course of the year. As of March 30, we’ve fully upgraded 3.3% of ECD's that are greater than five years old, although we do have a significant pipeline of agencies that are looking to upgrade and obviously with 96.7% of the market available, it's an opportunity we just need to execute well on. In our video could business, the core effort has been on the dramatic product improvements with the AXON Flex. As we have talked about before the primary barrier to sale with our first-generation AXON was the size, wires, and comfort. It was quite interesting; I recall some amusing conversations with our general manager of EVIDENCE.com. He related to me it's the first time he is aware of a cloud business whose growth has been somewhat throttled by something like size, wires, and comfort of the physical gear. But that is what happens when you are launching a truly integrated system for our customers and we feel very confident, based on customer feedback and the fact we’ve been able to reduce the size and weight by 85% of that system, as well as partnering with Oakley on the sunglass integration, and then multiple new mounting options. And then of course, partnering, getting out of the business of building man-portable computers and instead leveraging the fast-moving technology of the iPhone, Apple solution as well as the Android universe of new devices. So, at the end of the day we continue to get excellent feedback from customers that we have got the product right. We are taking our time in bringing it to market to make sure it has gone through full validation. In the first quarter, we did see sales bookings for AXON and EVIDENCE.com decline slightly to $402,000 in Q1 for $537,000 in Q4. The primary driver was our decision to stop selling new orders for our first-generation hardware. In the fourth quarter of last year we showed select customers the new Flex system, and we used an upgrade offer to drive purchases of the Gen 1 system. However, we determined that the cost to deliver, install, and support the first-generation hardware was diverting our precious sales and engineering resources away from focusing on getting the Flex unit launched properly and expeditiously. So while we're able to close several important Flex orders, including Mesa PD and BART, because we have been working with those agencies for an extended time period, in fact, they were able to see the product and Mesa was involved with the early design of the product. So those agencies were able to go ahead and make a purchasing decision. Most agencies that have expressed interest are waiting to get units they can test before making a purchase decision. Dan mentioned we also did begin shipping the new TASER CAM HD in the first quarter which help to I'll drive TASER CAM product line sales well over $680,000 in the quarter. We do anticipate, we will begin commercial shipments of Flex in May. We are currently in the late stages of product validation and testing. Now, speaking of our product validation and development processes, we had another significant milestone this quarter. One year into the X2 sales we validated a return rate of less than 1%. This is dramatically lower than our historic product launches, and I believe solid evidence that our revised systems are performing extremely well. Accordingly, part of the profitability in Q1 resulted from a reduction in warranty reserves based on the one-year data that we now have. On the international sales front, we saw a slight increase from the $2.3 million in the fourth quarter to $2.6 million in Q1. I would say were in the midst of this transition in our international sales strategy. We are preparing to launch two teams from TASER International to launch into our global markets. The first team is a marketing oriented team that will be joining our sales office; that’s already on the ground in Europe. We have launched a French website and have several other internationalized sites in progress that will be launching in the coming months. This marketing team will be providing in-market progress based on what has worked in the U.S. but of course working with the local market and our local sales team to learn and localize our approach within the European market. We feel this immersion in the customer environment is critical to our success, and we are preparing a second team that we will launch to Brazil this summer. We believe this approach is highly cost effective and best leverages our talent, culture, and systems we have built to take known players from within our TASER environment and use them as elements to go out and build the international market, of course with the long-term goal that they will be helping us to hire and develop a team of local people that really know the market. But it’s our way to seed the TASER culture and processes into those markets.
.:  So I will end by just reiterating that the Board shares our confidence in the cash generation ability of the business. It has authorized us to use up $20 million to buyback shares in the marketplace. And with that, we will open it up to take a few questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) [E.C.], your line is live. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hello. Guys can you hear me?
Patrick W. Smith: Yes, we can.
Unidentified Analyst: Oh! I’m sorry. Just as a couple of follow-up question. Can you mention that or actually I might have been Rick, you mentioned the North American law enforcement sales were up in the first quarter, I didn’t catch that percentage. I was wondering if you could give that to us again.
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah, let me take a look at my notes. I believe it was 25%.
Unidentified Analyst: 25% and does that include the U.S. Army order?
Patrick W. Smith: No
Unidentified Analyst: No. Okay, got it. And really that’s pretty significant improvement and certainly exceeded my expectations. What is really driving that? Have you guys seen kind of inflection point in municipal budgets or has something as the landscape changed that gives these agencies much more confidence in purchasing the product, and the funding to make the purchase.
Patrick W. Smith: You know I would actually tell you the users using about the first quarter sales is that X2 the new product was not the primary driver of the growth relative into the prior quarters. In the first quarter, the primary driver was, I believe, just a more rigorous execution of our sales team. We’ve been very focused on developing new rigorous pipeline system using salesforce.com and really bringing best practices in to drive results. So I would actually tell you first quarter more than market dynamic was driven more by just operational excellence of our sales and marketing teams.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. So you'd characterize it as really just hammering the product home with these agencies and helping them across the finish line in purchasing them.
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah, we have actually launched a telesales initiative we’re looking to augment our field sales group having a dedicated outbound team in addition we’ve had a great customer service team. And then I think we’ve got a great people over the years I think we are giving them better systems now to be able to track leads, and follow up on them, and make sure that we are reaching out to the market and closing every opportunity that comes our way. So it's mostly rigorous execution although I would say we are also feedback from the law enforcement market is the major layoffs they were going three years ago but mostly behind them. And I say the market is somewhat stabilizing we do expect that in the next couple of years and we should see a drive to replace capital equipment law enforcement just across the board over the last few years they were really delaying their refresh of capital equipment in the budget environment to try to avoid the layoffs so they come out of that now, TASERs, cars, computers, pretty much across the board, I think the market is seeing that they’ve not been keeping up with their capital equipment needs. And we think that is obviously a good trend for us.
Unidentified Analyst:  Got it. Great, and then internationally you mentioned that sales declined 51% year-over-year, are there any – can you maybe revisit some of the bigger fish that you are going after right now or you see as really reasonable opportunities. I know we’ve talked about some Australian opportunities and France opportunities and things like that. Could you maybe rehash a couple of those bigger fish that you are going after?
Patrick W. Smith: Yeah. We typically don’t get into a lot of detail on their international sales from a sort of competitive space analysis. And frankly as we mentioned historically, this can be politically sensitive for some of those agencies that may not want to, it’s a security issue in terms of us, necessarily talking about what agencies are looking at expanding. But once we talk about historically that remain significant opportunities, there is certainly Australia, France, Brazil. Those are areas where we are putting some teams in-market, in Brazil and in France. We’ve got a very strong distributor in the United Kingdom, it continues to do well. I think its I would say some of what we’ve seen is with the introduction of the X2 the international markets do tend to take a little longer cycle to evaluate new technology. So we are expecting to see some more significant X2 orders begin to develop, we are hearing from our sales pipeline that some of those evaluations are now complete, and perhaps some of the agencies that were looking at buying X26 once the X2 came available may have taken a step back to evaluate the new technology so we remain confident that we are going to see the pipeline at least sort of returns up towards the more historic levels. And we believe the things that we are doing now to actually put teams in market and begin to invest in more scalable systems internationally, will set the basis for long-term growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, and last one for me. Looking at ECD segment margins 65.2% was just a really nice performance follow-through. Was there anything because I mean I would even looking back historically that’s probably on the higher end of what you guys have done. Was there anything in the quarter that really stood out from a margin perspective? And Dan, I think you mentioned that we should probably expected to move back towards more historical levels would you think more in that 60% range. Is that probably a fair way to think about it? 
Daniel Marc Behrendt: Yeah Peter, yes it is certainly a fair way to think about, we benefited from the number of things as Rick said we did see some fair goal sort of news on the warranty side of things with – when we launch new product we typically just record a higher warranty percentage, because we don't have an actual return rate to go against and then we adjusted once that product has been in the market for a year. And with really the rock-solid quality of X2 we had a pretty significant reduction in warranty reserve which certainly help things. The mix helped as well. We had a lot of handle sales in the quarter those are higher margin business for us, which certainly help. So I think yeah we feel good about the margins. I think as the video business scales will certainly contribute. But, the margins on the video businesses are quite healthy as the ECD handle profitability. So you will just see a little bit of a negative mix impact but, we feel good certainly the leverage on the indirect cost were solid for the quarter, when we see those higher sales it certainly helps to bring down that indirect manufacturing cost as a percentage of sales, which improves the margin as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect, great, thanks a lot guys.
Patrick W. Smith: Well, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have no more questions. I’ve now like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith. Please go ahead.
Patrick W. Smith: Great. All right, well, again thanks everyone for tuning in. We do have our shareholder meeting coming up here at this headquarters May 31st. So we certainly invited to come down, come see the new flex unit for yourself. You had an opportunity to test-fire on X2 and see our latest ECDs. So we will be talking to you either in the shareholder meeting or I guess our next call. Our conference call will be in July looking at Q2 results. And by then we should hopefully have some interesting early indicators on Flex market attraction. Thanks for joining us today. We will see you all soon.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen, that concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect. Thank you for joining. And enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – Chief Executive Officer, Director and Cofounder Dan Behrendt – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital Paul Coster – JPMorgan
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 TASER International, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Stacey, and I’ll be your conference moderator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instruction) As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO of TASER International, please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you, and welcome everyone to our 2011 earnings call. Before we get started let me – I just got Dan read the Safer Harbor statement and we’re good to go. Dan Behrendt Hey, great thanks Rick. Certain statements contain in this presentation may be deemed to be forward looking statements as defined by the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And TASER International intends such forward looking statements to be subject to the safe harbor created thereby such forward looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth at the nation regarded as size of our target markets. Successful penetrations of all force in the market expansion of product sales through private security, military and sell (inaudible) consumer stop the test markets. Growth expectation for doing existing accounts, expansion of production capabilities, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channel, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk for manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risk, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith. Rick Smith Thanks Dan. All right. So let’s talk about the results. Fourth quarter revenues came in at $21.3 million plus we had $1.6 million in backlog that will shift in the first quarter of 2012 recognize. Revenues for the quarter was down sequentially and year-over-year. The decrease was primarily driven by lower international sales, which were down 65% from $6.6 million last year being 2010 to $2.3 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. We see two primary factors that led to the softness in international sales. First was the general weakness in Europe and maybe economic confusion, austerity measures et cetera. And second, many international customers due require the use of a TASER CAM with their ECDs, electronic control devices, of course. TASER CAM HD that we developed for the X2 was not ready to ship until the first quarter 2012, we believe this did delay international adoption and even evaluation be it two platform as customers waited for the TASER CAM HD. Two important bright spots in fourth quarter revenues we should highlight. U.S. law enforcement sales were up approximately 25% over the same quarter last year, primarily driven by the X2. Also AXON and Evidence.com gained some significant traction in the marketplace, fourth quarter bookings increased by over 140% sequentially from a small base of $220,000 in the third quarter to $537,000 in the fourth quarter. We attribute the increased traction to the fact that we began selectively showing the AXON Flex unit, which we announced earlier this week and integrating upgrades into our fourth quarter AXON deals. I’ll be back to talk more about video and the cloud business after Dan covers the numbers in detail. but before we do that, I do want to talk a little bit about the large balance sheet adjustments. So following the successful launch and strong demand for the new X2 and the AXON Flex we announced earlier this week, we are writing down the inventory and tooling where the previous generation TASER X3 and the first generation TASER AXON, both the X2 and AXON Flex have shown strong demand right from their launch. And the adoption of these products from both new and existing customers has been impressive. Therefore the demand for legacy products has diminished as our newer products are showing much higher volume potential. With the TASER X2, it became very clear that the X2 will be the primary volume driver for agencies looking to upgrade from the older X26. It’s still early days it became clear that the AXON Flex is making our first generation AXON (inaudible). What we’re seeing is parallel phenomena in both product categories, when you face a challenging situation like this, I do think it’s important we take a few moments and doing analysis of how we got here and where we’re going. I think the best way to look at this is to compare and contrast where the company is today versus in 2008 when these previous products were in development. I strongly believe that the new X2 and the AXON Flex are actually quite solid indicators that the company had successfully transitioned from an entrepreneurial and in formal product development process to a more rigorous, scalable and customer driven product development process. So I’m not going to take a step back even further to sort of look at the time line here, if we go back to 2003, when we introduced our flagship X26. TASER at that point was a small company with only two full-time engineers, one electrical engineering and one mechanical, the small team collaborating closely to rapidly develop the TASER X26. Fast forward to 2007, and the company had grown to $100 million in revenue from I believe in 2002 to 2003 we were less than a quarter of that level. And by 2007, we significantly expanded our engineering team. Our – the processes to effectively manage and develop with the much larger engineering team will not yet fully developed. The informal mechanisms of gaining customer feedback that worked well for the small entrepreneurial TASER of 2003 well those seemed in formal mechanisms did not work as effectively to connect the market needs to a larger engineering team, with less direct customer experience. As a result, both the TASER X3 and the first generation AXON were driven more by internal and engineering priorities than by effectively organized customer requirements. So both the extra in AXON first generation shares some similar trades. Both products were significant technology breakthroughs, but the level of complexity and physical size and the cost of both products were out of sink with customer needs. In other words, while they were impressive engineering accomplishments both products were too large too complex and too expensive to appeal to the majority of the marketplace. Over the past two and half years we’ve been very focused on overhauling and refining our entire product development process to better match customer need. We now focused product management team with dedicated product managers responsible for defining customer requirements through a rigorous voice in the customer process that has engaged 100’s and in fact even thousands of law enforcement officers in the definition in design of our products. This process drives close direct engagement between our engineers and end users throughout the entire design process. So all design decisions are being wedded with customers. As a result, both X2 and AXON Flex are being extremely well received by customer. TASER instructors that we surveyed showed that 96% of respondents shows the X2 as their preferred ECD platform, even over the volunteered TASER X26. While we don’t have formal date yet for the AXON Flex, since we just introduced that product. The pre-ordered demand and qualitative customer feedback leds us to believe that number is even closer to unanimous preference of the new flex over the first generation AXON. I would also tell you, we’ve slowed down to speed up. Instead of validating key design elements at the end of the design process with finished prototypes as we used to do in a less formal development process, we now force rigorous characterization in validation of all key design changes at the beginning of the design project. So they are all identified technical risks or quantified and understood before the integrated design process begins. This added about three months to front end of our design process, but dramatically accelerated the entire project and the transition into manufacturing. As a result, these new products are far more stable and reliable, and to-date with over 10,000 X2s shipped to field, we have a return rate of just about 1%. And given the abusive environment, which these devices operate, we’re very proud of that result. We’ve also implemented far more robust inventory management and product life cycle planning to mitigate inventory risks throughout the launch process. (Inaudible) if we look at the inventory levels of the X3, it may look like we bought too much inventory in retrospect. However, if we take a look back and how those inventory levels were calibrated, let’s go back to the previous major weapon system launch of the TASER X26 in 2003. Now in 2003, when we announced the X26, the M26 sales plummeted immediately upon launch of the X26. We saw the market immediately migrate over to the new platform. So as we are preparing the launch of the X3, our first multi-shot capable device. We thought we had to mitigate the risks that the market might stop buying the X26 to make that same and immediate transition over to the X3 just as we’ve seen in our last major product instruction from M26 to X26. So with sales in the range of 15,000 to 20,000 X26 as each quarter we felt that it was prudent to have at least six weeks supply on hand or roughly 10,000 X3 units on hand when we made the product launch to ensure there was no revenue disruption. And on retrospect, the X3 did not hit the mark as well as we’d hoped and we still have a significant amount of that inventory on hand, which we are now writing down to the quantity we expect to sell over the next two years. Now the great news here is that we have identified and rectified the issues encountered with the X3 with the new X2, which has sold over 10,000 units in its first six months. But this is feel the fate of the X3 as more of a niche product for high-end tactical teams that who will want the extra capability and will tolerate the larger size, the higher price and the greater product complexity. We will continue to market and sell the X3 as our high-performance high-end product, but we’ve concluded it will not be a volume leader. As an organization, we also developed a more rigorous approach to partnering rather than engineering these entire systems when from the ground up, we’ve looked to partner with industry leaders with complimentary capabilities that help us to deliver a better product at lower cost and faster time to market. Let’s talk about AXON Flex. From mounting options, we teamed with Oakley, the clear market leader in safety and sunglasses for law enforcement. Rather than developing the camera system itself from the ground up, we partnered with (inaudible), a Silicon Valley company that is the technology leader in miniaturized cameras with wireless video streaming capability. So we took (inaudible) technology platform and created a hardened system with law enforcement centric capabilities such as extreme low light performance, advanced weather proofing, secure file management systems, and over 12 hours of video buffering capability. We also took as to overlook at whether it made sense for us to be building our own [wearable] computers, for example the ATC, which is the touch screen element of the AXON first generation. We quickly determined that this was not an area where TASER could be best in the world, so we chose instead to lever the existing universe of smart and fast evolving mobile devices available using the Android and Apple iOS platforms. So we’ve now use apps on those operating systems to connect our cameras to these mobile devices for viewing and data entry in the field. To be noted, we retained all evident data securely in a secure file system on the AXON Flex. These mobile devices are merely being used as viewing and data entry systems, a data did not transfer over to these consumer grade devices. And finally, we evaluated whether it made sense for us to continue to build and operate and maintain our own data center for Evidence.com. Again, we identified there were potential partners with enormous scale and technical capabilities beyond what TASER could achieve on its own. After a rigorous analysis we chose to partner with Amazon using their S3 system. They’ve got a massively scalable infrastructure to host our back end storage and application. This avails our customers of best-in-class technology as Amazon clearly has one of the best engineering and security teams for delivering massive data center operations. Collectively these partnerships have allowed us to focus our resources on those areas where TASER can be best-in-class and maximize the value add for our customers speeding our time to market in delivering world class solution. We’re not going to make excuses. We’ve made some mistakes and as we’re seeing today, some significant and expensive mistakes. But we’ve learned from those mistakes as an organization and these have been growing pains, but we have grown from and proven. and I firmly believe our company is better positioned than ever to begin scaling and achieving sustainable growth in the future. Well, next item I’d like to discuss before handing over to Dan is, the timing why write-down the inventory and tooling now, and why the both of these write-offs hit in the same quarter? Let me start with the X3. there maybe initial adoption of the X3 was below our expectations. however, we were seeing some indications of fractions in the marketplace and as we ended 2010, we sold over a 1,000 units in the fourth quarter alone, it did appear the product was starting to gain some traction. however as we move forward in 2011, and we introduced the X2, the X2s are significantly better market traction and accordingly with the X2 now available, we saw sales of the X3 dropped significantly from over 1,000 units per quarter to under a 100 units per quarter, and we thought it prudent to give the markets sometime to demonstrate repeatably, which product would be preferred as well as time for our sale team to try to close some of the X3 deals in the pipeline. However by the end of the fourth quarter, we now had two consecutive quarters of data and our year-end inventory analysis was undeniable, the X2 was a hit, and that relegated the X3 to a niche product. Now let's talk about AXON Flex. we were seeing some sales and adoption in the first generation AXON as well as some significant deals that were in the pipeline, however while we’re seeing significant hurdles based on size, wires and comfort with the first generation it was not exactly clear what the market reaction would be to AXON Flex nor how long would it take until the Flex system is validated and ready for market entry and to face this uncertainty, it was unclear how long we would continue to sell and support the first generation AXON hardware. we first begin to show Flex to limited customers at the international association of TASER Police Conference in October. customer reactions were overwhelmingly positive to the new product. further, our experience supporting first generation AXON in the field was proving to be an expensive endeavor. Our analysis indicated it would be less expensive and create greater long-term market traction to transition even our existing customers half of the first generation and on to the second generation AXON Flex as soon as it will be ready. Accordingly, as Flex near designed completion and entered validation, it became clear our existing inventory and tooling for the first generation AXON will also need to be written down significantly as we have now done. I hope this provides some helpful context into the situation or analysis behind it and the timing. and with that, I’ll turn it over to Dan to review the numbers in more detail.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Rick. As Rick indicated, revenue for the fourth quarter was $21.3 million, which is down approximately $1.5 million or 6.7% for the prior year. however, demand for the company’s products remain strong, having received orders totaling $1.6 million in the fourth quarter 2011, which we’ll recognize in the first quarter of 2012. Revenue for the full year was $90 million, which is up approximately $3.1 million from the prior year. The increase is driven primarily by the growing demand and successful adoption in the TASER X2, electronic control device which generated $8.1 million of revenue in the full year of 2011 with $3 million of that coming in the fourth quarter. So we definitely feel encouraged with the ramp on the X2. Gross margins for Q4 were $6.9 million or 32.4% of revenues, which is down 19.3% from the 51.7% in the prior year. the decline is driven primarily by the one-time $5.7 million charge in the fourth quarter reflect some write-off of production tooling and excess inventory for the TASER X3 and AXON video product lines. with the success of the new TASER X2, electronic control device, the company has included, when I tell through the current level X3 inventory even that will continue to sell and support the product line. The results in charges are a charge to excess inventory which is in the gross margin of $1.7 million as well as a impairment of the tooling assets to manufacture the X3, which were $558,000. Similarly with the AXON Flex video system, which we now service, we’ve concluded that the sell through the existing inventory of the first generation AXON product that resulted in a write-off of the excess inventory of $2 million, which is in the sales as well as a impairment of the tooling to manufacture that product of $1.4 million. So the total $3.7 million ends up running through cost of sales the other $2 million is down below and the write-off the production tooling for the discontinued product line. The SG&A expense for the quarter was $10.1 million versus $9.3 million in the prior year. As a percentage of net sales, SG&A was 47.1% in net sales in Q4 of 2011 compared to 40.7% in 2010. The increase in SG&A expenses is primarily to two things. One is we had legal expresses over is up year-over-year. Needed some timing of some cases and the work for some of the legal cases and professional fees were up $116,000 over the prior year. The research and development costs for the fourth quarter were $2.1 million. This is a favorable $500,000 adjustment from the 2010 level. The decrease is a result of decline in our consulting costs about $335,000 along with reduction and head count in the research and development area. The –and the results for the quarter you can also see that we had and some litigation judgment expense again relates to the Turner case we thought some on additional legal expansion seen at the fourth quarter, as a result of (inaudible) motion work that was done in the Turner case and those builds came in at the fourth quarter. So that’s then recorded as part of that litigation judge right that lie on the P&L and we’ve got $3.8 million in total and that line of P&L .in the 2011 results. The adjusted operating account which excludes impact of CapEx compensation, depreciation, amortization and the vast write down the pulse of property equipment was $1.1 million for the fourth quarter of 2011. We also took out some of the one time expenses for the litigation judgment expense to write down the excess inventory and as I said, write down proper equivalent. For the full year 2011 we had adjusted operating income of $11.5 million which is a $5.6 million increase over 2010. The GAAP laws from operations was $7.7 million for the fourth quarter, compared to a basically break even in the fourth quarter of 2010. The net loss for the fourth quarter of 2011 was $6.2 million or $0.11 per share on both the basic and deluded basis this compares to a loss of roughly $200,000 last year, for the fourth quarter which is basically zero of that per share on basic and diluted basis. The net loss for the full year 2011 was a loss of $7.3 million or $0.12 per share. Basic and diluted basis compared to loss of $4.4 million or $0.7 per share in the prior year. I want to know that the tax position which is reflected in the current result here could still be impacted by our evaluation of deferred tax asset on the balance sheet. As you know the evaluation of deferred tax asset is very complex and evolved detailed models, which could go out well over a decade. The company has started to review, but this time, it’s not done all the way through audit this time. so any change in that line will be reflected in the Form 10-K when we file. As you see the results in the press release in this time, we’re actually starting to breakout segment reporting. We’ve basically broken our business into two distinct segments, the video business, which includes the sales of the TASER Cam, AXON and video products and accessories as well as Evidence.com and the other segment of the business is our electronic control device segment or ECD. This includes the TASER ECDs including the X26, the M26, the X3, the X2, C2, the cartridges, XREP and Shockwave. So basically any product, which is not a video product is included in the ECD segment. We allocated cost between the two business segments. Costs, which are directly attributable to the video segment are included in that segment with the remainder of the costs remaining in ECD segment. We do not split roles for people not directly involved in the video segment. These example as we have a reception here at TASER headquarters does a great job for us, but because we have that role even if we didn’t have the video business, we have left our cost in the ECD segment. But we do have separate sales force, a separate product managers, separate software development teams et cetera, all those costs and others directly attributable to the video segment are in their results. In an analysis, you can see the video business had an operating loss of $6.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 and $16.1 million for the full year. This was [impacted] by a number of one-time items like the write-off for the first generation AXON inventory and was on a write-down production tooling for the first generation AXON as well as write-offs associated with the second data center, which is not opened as well as billing software, which is no longer being used for the video product lines. In addition to these items, we held back stock based compensation deprecation, amortization get to the adjusted operating loss of $2.7 million for Q4 and $8.9 million for the total year. You may know this is the product gross margin for the video segment is negative that’s really result of some heavy discounting we did for the first generation AXON device in order to gain traction on the market. The product gross margins on the AXON Flex would be much better than the first generation product, which will improve the result of that segment of business as we move forward. We also deferred to revenue in the fourth quarter relating to the upgrade rights we gave to those customers. As Rick mentioned, the customers we’re started showing the product to the fourth quarter had a great reaction to AXON Flex and bought the AXON with the understanding and that it will be upgraded to Flex when it hit the markets. So we’ve deferred some of those sales relating to the upgrade rights to move to the AXON Flex product. The ECD product businesses been more profitable than the video business because of the scale that we already enjoyed cost of fact as a more mature business, there is less investment needed to grow. When we look at 2011, the fourth quarter results for the ECD segments saw an operating loss of $790,000 for the total year of 2011 total operating income of $4.7 million. This was impacted by a number of one-time items like write-off of the X3 inventory, loss on the write-down production tooling for the X3 product. Write-off of the company’s investment and protected product line as well as the accrual for the judgment not yet entered for the turnaround for that case. In addition of these items, we added back stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization to get an adjusted operating income of $3.7 million for the fourth quarter and $20.4 million for the year. We feel that the adjusted operating account number gives investors a better measure of the cash generation ability of the company. Even though the company had an operating loss for the year on a GAAP basis, $11.4 million, the company still generates $17.3 million of cash from operations due to the fact that many of the one-time expenses for 2011 are non-cash. When we normalize results, we see that the company has a profitable core business in the ECD segment, which is funding our investment and the video segment. We still feel very good about the long-term prospects of the video business, but in the near-term the video segment has been a drag on earnings, because we’re still in the heavy investment phase. We feel about breaking out of these segments, we can assure that we continue to focus on growing the profitability of the ECD business without having its results secured by the investment we are making in the video segment. We also want to drive the video business to profitability in a reasonable timeframe, so it can contribute to the consolidated results. By breaking out the results, we could make better investment and resource decisions and drive to the right conclusion going forward. If we move on to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with the $26.4 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. this is a decrease of $16.3 million from the prior year imbalance due to the $32.5 million of cash used for the buyback program during the year, offset by the $17.3 million of cash provided by operations. During the buyback repurchase, 7.5 million shares representing approximately 12% of outstanding shares, we had outstanding on 12/31/2010 and the average prices started in the buyback, which is $4.35. Accounts receivable $11.8 million they’re down at $0.8 million from the prior year end due to some timing and collections and inventory is $11.5 million, this is down $6.3 million in the prior year balances due to the write-off of the excess inventory as well as just general reduction in inventory balances with the increased sales. Investment of property equipment is $26.7 million, down $9.2 million when compared to the prior year. Big driver there is that we had depreciation expense $7.8 million for the year as well as some of the write-downs if they protect our X3 and AXON product lines, bringing down these balances along with a little bit lower CapEx during the year, mostly CapEx this year was a computer equipment as well as some of the tooling for the new TASER X2, electronic control device and AXON Flex product lines. Total assets at December 31, 2011 were at $105.1 million. Moving on to the liability side of the balance sheet, we had cash payable at $4.5 million, this is basically flat from the prior year. Accrued liabilities of $8.1 million increased $4.3 million, primarily due to litigation judgment expense reserve of $3.8 million recorded for the Turner case with the expenses hitting in the second and fourth quarters of the year. Total deferred revenue of $7.9 million has increased to [$96,000] from the prior year balances due to the X2 – packages we’re selling to the X2 with the trading program included and extended warranties, so we’re differing some of that revenue and recognizing over the five year warranty period. Total liabilities are $23 million and the company finished the quarter with $82.2 million at stockholders’ equity, which has decreased $35.4 million primarily due to the stock repurchase program executed in 2011. Company continues to have no long-term debt and continue to have plenty of liquidities that operate the business. As we move to the cash flow information, we did have as I said earlier cash provided from operations of $17.3 million for the year, $2.7 million of that came in the fourth quarter. This compares to cash from operations for the full year last year of $0.7 million, so we were up over $16 million year-over-year, which we’re certainly encouraged by that. Cash flow from operations was really driven by the adjusted operating income of $11.5 million along with some working capital changes. Net cash used for investing activities for the year were $7.6 million compared to $4.5 million at the same period of 2010. The use of cash is mostly driven by the net purchasing activity of short-term investments. Cash used in financing activities was $31.1 million again that was driven by the two buyback programs improved by the Board of Directors in both March and July of 2011. And the company ended the quarter with $21.3 million in cash and another $5.1 million in short term investment. So, $26.4 million of cash in investment, so we’re confident that we’ve got strong liquidity as we entered 2012 as feels good about that. Last one, I’d like to cover just the units sales for fourth quarter for the analysts, so they can model it, we had 10,098 X26 units sold in the fourth quarter. We sold 4,136 X2 units. We sold 961 of the M26, X3 we sold 40 X3s. 3,405 C2s. We sold 1,036 TASER Cam and 289,451 cartridges. And with I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: All right, thanks Dan. One thing just to point out the Turner case from last year that Dan was referring to, we’re still awaiting the response from the court, on the post trial motions, so the judgment the jury verdict has still not been entered. This is pretty non typical for it to go this long, we do see that there is that could be interpreted as an indicator that the court is carefully considering the situation. Okay, so as Dan talked about, and you saw on the earnings release we’ve begun to breakout P&L by business unit. As you can see the profits and cash flow from our core business have been funding a major development effort in AXON and EVIDENCE.COM. We believe we are well positioned, it’s the first major mover in cloud computing for law enforcement, and we stand and what we see as an inflection point for the rapid adoption of officer based video, so while we had expensive lessons along the way that is part of building a new business as we know from even building our TASER business over the past two decades. we're confident that these investments have been the right move for TASER and position us to be a dominant player in a major new market. So even while funding this new business opportunity, the company generated $17 million in positive cash flow over the last year. So keep our eye on what will happen if the cloud and video business unit shifts from cash, consumption to cash generation. One note is well, most of the revenue I think as Dan pointed out in the video business unit, it was associated with our legacy TASER Cam product. So we actually saw a decline year-over-year in recognized revenue in the video business unit from 2010 to ‘11. And there’s two real reasons we see for that, number one is the AXON and EVIDENCE.COM get sort of lost at this point in the numbers, because it’s outweighed by the legacy TASER Cam until obviously we hope to see the on-officer cameras begin to scale or the officer [worn] cameras be AXON Flex and other piece is revenue deferrals associated with upgrades and associated services, but the indicators, I think it’s more telling at this point was the more than doubling of bookings for AXON and EVIDENCE.COM from Q3 to Q4 and will continue to track that overtime. So the reported 2012, we are very focused on rigorous execution, we’ve pinned down our focus 2011, I’d say was a focusing year, we decided to exit the protector business, it focus on three key goals. first is driving an upgraded cycle in our existing electronic control device business in North America. Second is driving international sales adoption of ECDs globally, whether those will primarily be new adoptions, because our penetration globally is far less than it is the U.S. where the upgrade is the more meaningful segment in North America. And then the third goal is the adoption of AXON and EVIDENCE.COM really building out our video and cloud business units. Progress on any one of these three initiatives can drive significant growth and profitability for the entire company in 2012. Therefore we’re limiting the scope of our efforts to focus on doing these three things. The upgrade opportunity alone will represent around 327,000 units by the end of 2012. That will be more than five years old, so half their expected life. This represents roughly $315 million potential market. So one of the things that we learn in 2011 was that many agencies could not react in the short six month time period when we introduced the X2 to the end of the year to take advantage of our trading program, which expired at year-end. So to evaluate a new weapon make a decision to upgrade and execute that upgrade within their budget cycles will simply not achievable for many agencies. We also look from customers that because of our reputation for excellent customer service they did not believe that it is simply cut off trading program overnight. So based on these concerns and to better serve our customers, we are announcing a new training program expanding into 2012 with gradually phases down the trading credit over time. So this does provide incentives for agencies to move expeditiously, but also acknowledged that some agencies are constrained and do need more time. We also believe that it will have a greater degree of creditability in the marketplace rather than a clip and to an upgraded program one that phases out overtime. So whereas the 2011 trading credit was $300 trading credit in 2012, trades will receive $250 per unit and the first part of the year decline to $160 by year end. So, we believe this new program will help agencies continue to transition to the newer platform over the course of 2012. In the international sales arena, we’re focused on integrating our sales and marketing capabilities for scalability and repeatability. As we’ve announced, my brother Tom Smith has retired from both his [bond] duties and his sales duties although, he was still serving in a consulting capacity to help get some deals across the goal line where he has been very personally involved. We are focused on transitioning from the founder driven culture to a more rigorous metric driven culture, and you’ll see that as a theme throughout our business. As part of this, I should also point out we would like to have our first non-founder an Independent Chairman, Mike Garnreiter, a financial expert and former auditor. We believe that its best practice from a corporate governance perspective and an important milestone for TASER. Internationally we’ve launched our first localized website in France with TASER.fr and we have several more local language websites coming later this year and we’re already seeing sales traction and greater market visibility with TASER.fr. We’re integrating our sales pipeline management with our international consultant’s distribution partners and employees to drive more visibility and repeatability in international sales. I will talk more about specific mobile sales plans in our next conference call. And the third area of focus is driving adoption of our video and cloud services. The first and most obvious effort here is the dramatic product improvements with AXON Flex. I’m actually wearing one here today. I’m sitting onsite at a customer and the amazing thing about AXON Flex is I keep forgetting I’m wearing it. It is just a dramatic improvement from the first generation. So, the primary barrier of sales with the first generation AXON was sized wires and comfort. It was just too big, too complicated, too heavy, and with 19 wire cable connectors to wire themselves were pretty significant. We’ve reduced the size and weight by over 85% to new AXON Flex. We have fixed the computation with multiple new mounting options including integration with Oakley. And we’ve replaced the multiple large and flexible cables with a thin light weight connector that we gave our engineers to go. They had to match the attributes of an Apple iPhone headset, thin flexible comfortable cables and (inaudible). That is just simply to connect the battery pack controller unit up to the camera. So the new flex systems compares with mobile devices, so it is live streaming ready. We already stream video to a local smart device over proprietary bluetooth over video link. Taking event from that mobile device remotely over selling our networks or the newly approved D-Block that is wireless initiative for a dedicated public safety wireless network, but we’re able to use D-Block as well. Of course D-Block will take many years to implement. So the great thing about our system is that it does not require a dedicated infrastructure we can do it over commercial secure cellular networks. We can do it over D-Block as that comes on line. So you will see us moving towards launching a live video streaming service, at a later date. We’d dramatically improved low light performance, dramatically improved simplicity and reliability of the product, and the entire ecosystem. The product is operated by a single large tactile button. My eight year old daughter can operate this thing seamlessly. The user simply double clicks to start recording and you press and hold for five seconds to stop recording that’s it, one button. Double click to start, press and hold to stop, officers love the simplicity. All the equipment needed to deploy this system in a police agency now fit conveniently in a FedEx box. So our prior evidence transfer machine was an 8 foot tall rack mount, that required special shipping and handling required on-site assembly service and repair and maintenance. our new evidence transfer machine sits on its desktop, it can be easily shipped be a FedEx, so if there's a problem, we can have it, we can just ship out of replacement module and have it mailed back for service far less expensive than setting fields for people on-site. The co-branding with (inaudible) significantly improved the officers’ emotional reaction to the equipment. previously, we were told that our year did not convey a professional cosmetic look. Now we have a world-class industrial design, it fits seamless to be the most widely used fashion brand in law enforcement hopefully. Finally, we’ve significantly reduced the price point with $700 of the camera module and under $1000 very typical configuration with the extended controller unit amounting option. Of the competitive market spaces comprised that of primarily of systems between $750 and $1000 and our office shows that Flex has the most robust feature set at a competitive price. We also refilled our business model with our first generation AXON, the system only work with Evidence.com back-end. We found that this was perceived as to restrict it by our customers. they were reluctant to buy the hardware with concern that if they decided not to use Evidence.Com, the hardware would be unusable. With AXON Flex, the system can be configured to download files into local servers or with Evidence.Com, it removes this risk from the customer and allows them to use Evidence.Com (inaudible) risk free fashion, they don't have to make an indefinite financial commitment. Knowing that we always have the option to download files locally if they decide to change course. Further, we've included a three-year of Evidence.Com for all AXON Flex customers. So for obvious reasons, we’re confident that the cloud business model provides break through capabilities, faster time to new features at a fraction of the cost of building and maintaining local systems. So one of the key advantages of the cloud business model in the consumer and enterprise business space is the ability for customers to try these fully operational systems before they buy. So we’re emulating that now in law enforcement, free try before they buy. And removing the commitment and proceed financial risks we believe we can show customers the value of the technology and drive greater overall adoption. We also changed our pricing model. When we first launched, we use the subscription pricing model. We found us did not fit the way law enforcement agencies budget foreign purchase IT systems. So we have now developed a flexible business model and enable our sales people to price and sell our systems the way our customers want to buy that. We can sell a software license plus maintenance, and storage to fit existing budget line items, or agencies many times they want to buy new capabilities with federal grant funds or drug asset forfeitures, where this sort of have a pile of one-time found money, and they don’t want to have to think about recurring budgets. We can accommodate that with the single upfront payment for a multi-year contract. Or we have other agencies that want to spread out payments evenly in a lease style payment overtime. As at any business what we have found is that it’s most important for us to have the flexibility to meet our customers’ needs rather than asking our customers to confirm to our business model. And finally, we’re continuing to refine our sales team. Our sales processes, our support systems, even our test and evaluation programs, all of these have gone through major overhaul in refinement over the past two years. We’ve added several experienced solution sales people towards team in the last two quarters augmenting a team of somewhere a younger talent as well and we’re continuing to build out our team in 2012. Company wide, we’ve introduced our first metric-driven compensation plan for all employees where quarterly and annual goals will be based on meeting company metrics and objectives. We believe this plan is creating greater alignment around our goals and helping continue this transition from an informal entrepreneurial culture to a metrics-driven culture of operational excellence. And as we wrap this column, I’m going to leave you with the thought on a few key performance indicators that we believe are key to the growth in 2012. So as at the end of 2011, we had upgraded approximately 3.3% of the ECDs that are greater than five years old. We’ll continue to share this metric on each conference call and driving an increase in that upgrade metric is obviously one of our core corporate goals. International sales, which were $2.3 million in the fourth quarter will be reported each quarter, so you can continue to see our progress in growing our international sales pipeline. And then finally, we’ll report on the sales bookings for AXON Flex and Evidence.com in the quarter, again up 140% from Q3 $220,000 to $537,000 of bookings in the fourth quarter and I mind you that includes services in some cases that will extend that over multi-year time period, but we believe the bookings are probably the best indication of overall traction, and of course, we’ll continue to now provide profit and loss breakouts, so we can see how the video and cloud business unit is performing as well as how our core ECD business unit. We believe 2012 year is the year where AXON and Evidence.com begin to retain significant revenues and become additive to the overall business. So with that, we’ll end the formal portion of the call and we will take a few questions. Dan and I are on office (inaudible). so if it sounds like we’re not in the same room and there may be a little hesitation as who’s going to answer, because we’re not in the same room, so we’re going to have to coordinate live with you guys on the call. So with that, Dan I’ll turn it over to you to coordinate the questions.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so go ahead and – in the case you’re willing to or like to ask a question and the operator will get you in the queue.
Operator: Thank you, (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital:  Thanks. Good morning.
Rick Smith:  Good morning 
Dan Behrendt:  Good morning, Steve. 
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital:  If I could drill in a little bit to the AXON, I think we’re four years into this whole bunch of money, a bunch was written down. It seems like a very promising product, but it has all along. What concrete evidence do you have at this point in time, this is something that you’re going to be able to overcome all the roadblocks and actually get people to do.
Rick Smith:  Well, at this point having a pre-release orders for almost 600 units, basically what you’re seeing is virtually everybody that had the previous unit is going to be converting over and having the Bay Area Rapid Transit Police placing an order for all of their options full deployment right out of the gate, we see is real helpful indicators. In terms of other specific quantifiable indicators I think you’re just going to have to keep an eye on order flow over the coming weeks as we continue to now go out and market and sell the product. So, I think the pre-orders were helpful. Most of what we have at this point is unfortunately qualitative in nature. I met with 50 or so chiefs at the ISCP where we showed Flex. I would characterize it, 48 out of 50 really reacted positively that they thought this was “the right product now” they felt our first-generation didn’t look like it was ready for prime time that they thought it was looked a bit prototypy and that the technology wasn’t quite there. But again, that's obviously just a qualitative metric where you’re just going to have to watch order flow as it develops in the bookings over the coming quarters.
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital: Okay. and then with respect to the X2, still being outsold pretty handily by the X26. by the end of the year, we’ll have, I guess 350,000 that are older than five years old, but we’re selling four, 5000 a quarter. so what are the people doing that are over five years old, but we're not seeing, is that they're just choosing to roll the dice and go with older equipment or I guess on an annualized basis, you’re selling 20,000 X2s, which is 7% or 8% of what you considered to be a really life addressable market at this point?
Rick Smith: Yeah. Let me also, I want to add one more insight to the last answer on Flex, I mean the market when you said that even with the first generation, it seemed promising, I would say that was true in the marketplace conceptually, it was promising and well received the stumbling blocks were the execution that’s the first generation hardware just wasn't fully baked and that was really what was holding us back. So I think what hasn't changed is that it makes sense is just the implementation now is something that officers are reacting very positively to rather than the old hardware. Now shifting gears to the X2, we do have a number of things we’ll be announcing over the course of the year to continue to drive the upgrades one of course, that we’re talking about today was extending a phased approach to trade in credits. What we are seeing customers do that have units at more than five years old. These are the same agencies that have cut back on all older capital purchasing. They’re driving cars that are beyond their typical useful life. They’re not replenishing many of their supplies just given the budgetary environment. So what we’ve seen so far is they’re just continuing to use their existing inventory. And part of that is also that the training in transition costs to transition over to the new weapon platform. It’s just sometime for example that’s what I’m talking about with the customer here in Florida and that one of the first agencies that went full deployment with the X2. So I’m down here to learn about what their transition is look like. We’re streamlining online training components, so that they don’t spend it much time with officers, coming office, [reading] classrooms where we’re training, and this was logistical issue. So I mean the budget availability and the logistics of making a change have been sort of a two things that have slow the adoption to the level that we’re at now and obviously we’re looking everything we can do to help remove those obstacles and accelerate adoption over the course of the year.
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital: Okay. And then finally any insight on the cartridge number that seems relatively light this quarter versus previous quarters certainly previous Q4s where you normally see some budget money? Anything you can take from that?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan, I can take that one Rick. Yeah, I think the kind of a typical evident flow with the cartridges I can tell you that a large part of that $1.6 million of orders are received in the fourth quarter that will be recognized in the first quarter are for cartridges. And if we’d included those in a numbers then it would have been closer to this kind of levels you’d expect. So it’s just a little bit of a timing difference both which is sort of ebb and flow through the year and also this is the fact and we get some of those in late in the year and that will recognized in 2012.
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum Capital: Okay. That’s it from me. Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Yes, thank you. Dan, I apologize if you already said this, I got the unit volumes, I haven't seen the revenue by product. It’s not disclosed somewhere, so I'll just take outline and go to the source?
Dan Behrendt: We'll disclose out with the filing in the case. so the only thing after this one will be the unit volume now.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay, got it. Looking forward, any comments on the buyback plan or the tax rate?
Dan Behrendt: This is, yes, regarding the buyback, we’ve completed the fully executed the buyback and is approved from the board above the $12.5 million in March and $20 million in July. So we fully executed that, we’ll continuously obviously look at that as we go forward, but there's nothing approved at this point. On a deferred tax asset, we will continue to evaluate those as you know I’m sure that's it's a very complex calculation just to see exactly when those tax assets to be utilized, we’ve done our analysis, we just have to get through the audit on that and any changes will reflect in the 10-K when we file it?
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Great. Rick you talked about strategic objectives for 2012 rigorous execution, one of them was to drive international sales adoption, if you recall that now that sounds like a little bit of an evangelical sale, are you going to be phasing out your sales force to create that effect?
Rick Smith: Yes, we are. We’ll provide more detail on the next conference call, but I can tell you dramatically one of the things that we’re doing is actually going to be sending, I love the term to used missionary (inaudible) the Founder and CEO of sales force used that same term with sales force expanded internationally, one of the things that they found was sending teams of people that really were trusted lieutenants within the existing organization over to help to bring up overseas capabilities was an important element of their business expansion. and that’s a play that Jeff Kukowski, our Chief Marketing Officer who is actually poising that independently of some of the reasons which I will do in that space. So part of the plan, we’ll involve taking some of our thought leaders that are part of our North American team and relocating teams of folks into key international markets to work with local agents, distributors, consultants, et cetera. and making sure that the approach to global sales is more integrated into the DNA of the company and we have teams of smart dedicated people who know the technology and have TASER in their bloodstream are end market focused and in understanding those markets and growing [them for us]. But it’s not going to be a huge budgetary, I’ll tell you the thing that we’re not planning on doing is going out and hiring a whole raft of new international sales people called – we don’t think that that’s the right approach. We do see, again, TASER is a bit of missionary, so it’s – our distributors that we’ve analyzed bit of done very well, tend to be focus distributors, small teams of people that don’t carry a lot of product lines, but they live and breath TASER and that’s the model we need to replicate, this isn’t something we’re going to big full line international sales import, export companies is very successful. we need people that are willing to break eggs to make me omlette so to speak and overcome the obstacles of introducing new technologies and of course, that team will also be focused on AXON Flex and eventually Evidence.com. Although Evidence.com will not as focused internationally, the Patriot Act executes quite a hurdle to selling cloud services internationally, because most international police departments don’t want to have their data in the U.S. because of the Patriot Act. So our initial [query] internationally will be focused on selling the camera hardware and then as we see opportunities for Evidence.com that is one of the advantages of working with the Amazon Web Services. They do have a number of international data centers that we can spin up with the relatively light lift compared to going out and building out our own infrastructure internationally. But that that will be the latter half of the year certainly before we need to get our focus on Evidence.com traction here in North America first.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Yeah. I heard you say that the TASER Cam HD product will come to market in the second quarter and anticipation of that product kind of slowed. so that category in the fourth quarter, will it do the same in the first quarter do you think? And then, we’ll see a big [step-up] for that in 2Q?
Dan Behrendt: We are – the TASER Cam HD is now shipping. So it is out in the marketplace. We do have some agencies that have significant TASER Cam deployment that are testing the TASER Cam HD right now. Obviously, we’re hoping that we can get them through that testing and evaluation process in the first quarter, if not then we could see that [bumps slightly] in the second quarter, but it is now shipping.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: And last question, Dan, with this inventory now written down and the X3 will be sold through. can you just talk us through the accounting implications at the subsequent sales, you’re not rising back the previously written down inventory presumably it’s sort of different, talk us through the mechanics there if you would please.
Dan Behrendt:  Yeah, sure. So basically we’ve written down the inventory to the quality that we take we can sell through in the next two years. So to the extent that what we sell is sort of add or under that quantity there is – it will be just sort of a normal sale. For some reason the demand for that product is greater than we expected we’d actually have a higher profit, because we’d have – you’d think put back in inventories and sold that we were previously written off. But right now, our expectation is though this flow through this P&L in a normal way so we basically just written down to the number of units we expect to sell through.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay, got it. Thank you, it helps. Thank you.
Dan Behrendt:  Thank you.
Operator:   And at this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to Mr. Smith for closing remark.
Rick Smith:  Great, thank you. Well, it’s not a [secret] obviously calls like today are not the most fund conference calls, but when you are running a business and doing somethings that are potentially transformed even building out the new businesses we are. These are the things that as management team you have to work through – so we appreciate everybody participating in the call. We appreciate having your shareholders. I do think that if TASER has gone through a number of growth basis in its history. I’d invite you all to come out to our shareholder meeting and meet some of the management team. A lot of those folks who would I rely on is independent sounding boards who’ve remarked on the changes in the company and in the culture that they believe are really reflective that we are doing the right things to be able to position ourselves to really break through that $100 million revenue mark, and have an infrastructure and a team that they can scalably grow this business both in the core ECD business and in the new video and cloud space of which we are pioneering. so we look forward to so much more fun and rewarding conference calls later this year, as some of these efforts begin to take root and show their results in our financial statements. So thanks everyone. we look forward to talking to you in a few months on our next conference call. And Dan, do you have the date for our shareholder meeting?
Dan Behrendt: It will be on May 24th, Rick.
Rick Smith: May 24th. So again, we’d invite everybody to come out to see, touch and feel some of the new products and I’ll join (inaudible) on the 24th of May. So thanks, and everybody have a great day.
Operator: We thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-31 12:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – CEO Dan Behrendt – CFO 
Analysts: Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Greg McKinley – Dougherty 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2011 TASER International earnings conference call.  My name is Jennifer, and I will be your operator for today.  At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. And, later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Rick Smith, CEO of TASER International. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you and good morning. Before we get started, I’m going to have our CFO, Dan Behrendt, read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Good morning. Safe Harbor statement, certain statements contained in this presentation maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to, expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement market, expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capabilities, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our client and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk for manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risk of new technology, new product introduction risk, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. Okay, so I’m sure everyone has seen the release this morning. Pretty happy with the results; up 16% over the same quarter last year, with $24.4 million in revenue and the business generating $5.3 million in cash from operations, or that’s 22% of revenue in cash generation.  One of the key drivers there was the introduction of the X2 from the second quarter. So this was the first full quarter that the X2 was available to our customers that accounted for about 15% of revenue, which is close to 20% of bookings. And the disparity there is we had a very high attachment rate of extended warranties and training services that are deferred and recognized over time. As we look into next year, we see a run of $300 million upgrade opportunity if we’re successful in helping our customers to upgrade X26 units that are more than five years old.  One other point about the X2 is, in our surveys with instructors who teach electronic control devices, we’ve seen 96% of them select the X2 as their preferred full-time carry weapon even over the X26 which was a huge number, a huge achievement actually, because the X26 was such a hit in law enforcement. But the rigorous voice of the customer development process where we put hundreds and hundreds of officers through surveys and focus groups to identify the right feature matrix for the X2 really seems to be paying off. It looks like we do have the next-generation ECD, which should be able to drive growth in the future. This quarter, we also saw international sales continue to grow. It was up over the prior year by $4.4 million year-to-date, up $2.3 million in the third quarter, with large portion of that coming from strong cartridge sales to our install base overseas.  And, finally, before I turn over to Dan to go through the numbers in detail, we’ve continued to return cash to shareholders. As of the end of the quarter, we had executed a total of $12.4 million out of our $20 million buyback. But let me give you more current numbers. Through last Friday, we have completed $17.77 million of the buyback, leaving $2.3 million left to go. Those are in dollar terms. If we add that up, this year-to-date, we have returned $30.27 million to shareholders. And just to put that in perspective, the company we took public in 2001 had a pre-money market capitalization of right around $10 million. So we’ve returned multiples of the value we took public a decade ago just this year in cash to our shareholders. Something we’re pretty proud of that. And, with that, I’m going to – one last thing to point out, our basis on the share repurchases is around little under $4.30 a share. So again, we’re pretty excited to have reduced our share count by so far about 11.3% this year. So we started the year with 62.6 million shares and at the current time we’re at about 55.6 million shares, little under 55.6 million shares, and we should be able to complete the rest of this buyback by the end of the year. So with that, we’ll turn over to Dan, to go through some more details on the financial performance.
Dan Behrendt: Okay, thanks, Rick. So as Rick said, revenues for Q3 were $24.4 million. This is up approximately $3.3 million or 16% from the prior year. The increase is driven mostly by the introduction of the new TASER X2 two-shot taser device, which generated approximately $3.7 million of sales during Q3.  As a result, the North American law enforcement sales for third quarter are up about 11% over the prior year. International sales are also up significantly over the prior year due to some sizable follow-on orders during the quarter. Our international sales for the quarter are 19% of sales and we’re running about 22% of our total sales year-to-date at our international; this is up over the prior year. So that’s excellent news to see further penetration. Gross margins of $13.1 million or 53.7% of revenues are up 4.3% as a percentage of sales from the 49.4% the prior year. The improvement is driven by a combination of factors, including the cost of our SaaS datacenter operations and software maintenance revenues for Evidence.com [ph] were reduced over the prior year. We had a lot of dedicated effort in the third quarter of 2010 around just short of final sort of bug fixes and maintenance for the Evidence.com which ended up in operations. Well, that’s behind us, so we’re kind of more of a normalized level for the SaaS datacenter costs and costs to support e.com. We also experienced the more favorable sales mix with higher margin international sales representing a greater percentage of our total. And then we saw an improved leverage of our fixed operating and overhead expenses. And then those were offset by – we did have a generous trading credit for the X2 this quarter, which had about $1 million impact or about 180 basis points. But overall, we’re pleased with the direction we’re heading in gross margins. The SG&A expenses of $9.5 million for the third quarter are up just slightly over the $9.4 million in the prior year. SG&A as a percentage of sales was 38.9% of sales in Q3 of ’11, compared to 44.7% of Q3 in 2010. Again, the total cost for the quarter, we had a reductions in sales and marketing, consulting, travel, and other SG&A expenses, those were partially offset by an increase from legal fees just due to the timing of the cases and some other factors. Research and development expenses of $2.4 million for the third quarter, this is down $0.7 million compared to 2010. Again, it’s driven really by the reduction of the allocation of development costs that made its way up into cost of sales last year, which is down back down in R&D this year. So again, it’s sort of kind of more of at a normalized low. If you look at sort of the trend during the year of R&D, we’re back to kind of that normalized level. The adjusted operating income which includes the impact of stock-based compensation, depreciation, amortization, and losses regarding the write-downs and disposals of property was about $4 million for the third quarter of 2011. This is $1.7-million increase or 72% higher than the adjusted operating income of $2.3 million we had in the third quarter of 2010.  And then the GAAP income from operations was $1.2 million for the quarter, compared to a loss from operations of $0.7 million in the third quarter of 2010. So improvements demonstrate that we’re seeing really great operating leverage on the incremental costs or incremental sales we see – once we cross break-even, we see a really a very healthy follow through of the business. You can see that reflected this quarter with the dramatic fall through to this operating income from the higher sales value. Net income for the third quarter of 2011 was $1 million or $0.02 a share on a basic and diluted basis compared to a loss of $2.3 million or $0.04 a share of basic and diluted basis for the prior year. Again, you may notice that this effective tax for the quarter was unusually low. This is because we had R&D tax credits included in the $0.20 tax returns which are filed in September of 2011 were much higher than we forecast in the tax provision we had last year due to a higher percentage of research and development activities qualify for tax credits. So this is good news, it ran through the third quarter results. We booked about a $500,000 benefit for those higher R&D tax credits in this quarter’s tax provision. Our effective tax rate on normal basis remains about 50% for 2011, but we did see a benefit from that normal rate in this quarter, which certainly benefited to net income as well. Moving on to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $30.8 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. The decrease of $11.9 million for the prior year-end is due to the $24.9 million of cash used in the stock buyback during the first nine months of 2011, partially offset by $14.6 million of cash provided by operating activities.  Accounts receivable at $12.5 million is down $1 million from the prior year and balance just due to the timing of collections and sales. Inventory at $15.8 million is down $2.3 million from the year-end balance, due to larger quarter-end orders in the third quarter, and also just concentrated effort to reduce those inventory balances.  The investment of property equipment of $29.8 million is down $6 million. The net decrease is comprised mostly of $5.6 million of depreciation expense. We’ve had a probably low CapEx requirement this year, so our depreciation is running significantly higher than the capital expenditures which is bringing down that net PP&E balance. And we also saw a reduction in the property and equipment balance due to the write-down of the Protector and some surplus Evidence.com datacenter assets during the year. The total assets at September 30th, 2011 were a $117.2 million. Moving on to the liability and the stockholders’ equity section of the balance sheet, accounts payable of $5.1 million is up almost $600,000 from the year-end balance due to the timing of AP check runs and just no more changes in activity. Accrued liabilities at $7.7 million is an increase of $3.9 million, due from the 12/31 balance, due to litigation judgment expense reserve of $3.3 million recorded on the Turner case that was recorded in the second quarter. We had total deferred revenue of $7.4 million, it’s a decrease of $284,000 from the 12/31 balances due to extended warranty revenue recognized in the third quarter outpacing the addition of new warranties, although we are seeing a good attach rate of warranties on the X2, so that we make see that reverse itself over time.  And then, our total liabilities of $23.1 million and the company finished the quarter with $94.1 million of stockholders’ equity, which has decreased $23.5 million, primarily due to the stock repurchase programs we’ve executed so far in 2011. We still have no long-term debt. We continue to have plenty of liquidity to fund our R&D efforts and operations as we move into the future here. Moving on to just the selected statements from the cash flow statements. The company did have cash provided from operations of $5.3 million during the third quarter and $14.6 million for the nine months ended September 30th, 2011. This compares to a cash used from operations at $2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30th, 2010. This cash generation for the nine months ended September 30th, 2011 is really driven by our adjusted operating income of $10.4 million, a decrease of inventory, and also some just other changes in working capital. But we’re very pleased with the cash generation ability and the cash from operation. That’s really a big driver of company’s confidence in order to return cash to shareholders through the buyback. We did have net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2011 of $7.8 million. This compares to $3.4 million of the same period of 2010. The use of cash is mainly driven by the purchasing of some short-term investments in order to improve our yield on our cash and investments.  We also had cash used in financing activities to $24.8 million, again driven by the two buyback programs; the one approved in March and also the one we announced in July. And through the end of third quarter, we purchased 5.9 million shares for a cost of $24.9 million. But as Rick indicated earlier in the call, we continued to buy in October here, so those balances are slightly higher now. The company ended the quarter with $24.6 million in cash and $6.2 million in short-term investments for a total of $30.8 million of cash and investments. Again we feel very good about the liquidity position we’re in, and feel like we’re really positioned for a strong end of the year and a strong 2012. And, with that, I’d like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. We touched on a couple of significant events for the quarter. First, New Jersey, the last remaining holdout state that had prohibited law enforcement from using ECDs has now changed. They have now specifically approved only the X26 and X2 models for use by law enforcement officers in New Jersey. There was a rather rigorous process of evaluation by the AC’s office and we’re delighted to finally cross that important milestone. And I just got back from the International Chiefs of Police Conference in Chicago last week, and I can tell you there was a lot of excitement from the Chiefs in New Jersey they now have this tool available. During the quarter we had a number of a significant orders for the X2. San Bernardino became the first major county sheriff upgrading all of their 1,500 officers to the new X2, and also deploying 20 of the AXON on-officer camera systems. Also critically important with Charlotte-Mecklenburg; for those of you who haven’t put the two pieces of information together, the Turner case where we had the adverse verdict earlier this year which still has not been entered by the way, we’re still in post-trial ruling, but Charlotte is part of their risk mitigation plan, took their X26 units off the streets and do an evaluation, look at their policy, et cetera, and they actually made a determination that part of their response was to upgrade their systems to the new X2s to take advantage of some of the new safety features, particularly the audible alarm and shutdown feature to help avoiding extended duration and the charge metering and the new Trilogy Logs that record more data upon other devices were used and ensure that we’re delivering in a more narrow band of an electrical output to maximize effectiveness and safety. We also saw other agencies moving, University of Texas at Houston, the Plymouth Police Department putting 85 X2s on the street, and we continued to see a lot of momentum. We have a training program that will run through the end of the year where we give agencies a $300 training credit for their X26s toward an upgrade package that includes the X2, extended warranties, cartridges, holsters, sort of a full conversion kit. And we’re finding that that’s really fitting a critical need for these larger agencies to be able to justify making the upgrade. We also saw some significant orders internationally. We had 377 X26s with TASER Cams. The new TASER Cam HD, which is our high-definition unit, we introduced that at the IACP, we expect that should be shipping around the end of this quarter. That will really help a state like New Jersey where they’re requiring TASER Cams as well as Australia, New Zealand, and some international markets, where I believe they generally require the user TASER Cams. We saw a large 60,000-cartridge order, so some continuing business from our install base.  We also saw a continued traction with our AXON on-officer camera system. We had a number of smaller agencies deployed. I would tell you this, standing at the IACP, I’ve met probably with 40 chiefs, many of them from the largest agencies, and we’re seeing a real shift in the tone which is encouraging.  Two years ago when we really started talking about on-officer cameras and Evidence.com as a cloud storage solution, the typical reaction was, “You want to do what?” This idea of putting a camera on an officer, there was a fair amount of, “Hey, it sounds like a great idea, it’s pretty futuristic, not sure when it’s going to happen,” and the idea of using the cloud were pretty foreign a few years ago. Last year, it was getting better. I think last year I characterized the tone was, “Yes, we see cameras coming someday, but it’s probably off in the distant future.” This year, the tone was much more, “Yes, this stuff is coming, we got to get onboard, we need to start really looking hard at on on-officer camera systems.” And with the cloud first policy and now at the federal government level, that is a key endorsement of a cloud strategy as well as frankly Apple’s iCloud, bringing the whole cloud concept mainstream.  Again, off the chiefs I talked to, I would say the majority of them have now gone from being cloud skeptics to very interested in how can we use the cloud to be able to better our IT performance. As Vivek Kundra, the former CIO of the Federal Government said, “The advantage of the cloud is that customers get value they want when they start using a service that’s up and running.”  And as one example, I talked to two former chiefs of major police departments, each of them told me they had spent over $10 million in their department on a project that has been going from more than a decade to do a digital record management systems. Neither of those systems were live after 10 years and more than $10 million in both cases, and they both related to me the level of frustration that at least one of them had had an independent firm sort of auditor system and told them, “The day it goes live, it will be more than a decade out of date,” and basically the technology equivalent of what the private sector was giving away scrapping five years ago. So the message about the cloud being away to hold service providers accountable, to get more value starting day one, really resonated with those chiefs.  The other thing that we’ve got is we have separated our AXON camera systems from Evidence.com. Evidence.com is now optional. Previously, the AXON only worked with Evidence.com, we’re now enabling agencies to use the AXON in a standalone mode and download it if they want to build out their data servers and data centers, they can, or they can Evidence.com. We’ve actually found in just removing the mandate has had a huge impact psychologically. Agencies now don’t feel – it is simplifying a bit the purchase process, where previously they had to make a long-term commitment at Evidence.com to really buy the cameras. Now, they can buy the cameras, use Evidence.com or use it locally. We’re finding them that’s reducing some of the purchasing decision pressure. So at this point, I would say, we’re continuing to focus on streamlining implementation, preparing for scaling. We just released – we’re on about a 90-day release cycle, so we just released our Version 1.11, which had a bunch of new enterprise data management features that allows agencies to track by user, usage statistic across the agency, how much data storage they’re using, et cetera. And we’re really refining the user experience down to make it simpler and simpler to the individual officer. So just a lot of refinement going on and I believe 2012 will be a very interesting for AXON on and Evidence.com. So the net effect of the quarter, it looks like with X2 that we have a – I guess, I call it a hit. We’ve got a great product that the market is reacting well too. Given the slowdown in the last few years, most of our customers know that they’re equipment is getting out of date. Hopefully, as we come out of what was a pretty nasty recession, these agencies know that they’re going to have to be investing in their technology and capital equipment, we believe we’re well positioned, both with the X2 and now with the AXON on-officer camera systems.  So with that, thanks for joining us on the call today, and we’ll go to a few questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Thank you, good morning.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Dan, as you have customarily, could you go through kind of product by product and given us the quantities there?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure. Thanks Steve. So X26 for the quarter were 10,600 units; X2, we had 4,987 units; M26 1,647 units; we sold 16 X3s; 1,962 C2 ECD devices; 1,751 TASER Cams; and cartridge totaled at 389,676. 
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay, great. And then, am I assume – correct in assuming that we’ll have another quarter of the gross margin impact just on the trading credit?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we’ll see that in the fourth quarter as well. In the second quarter, the X2 sales were kind of a positive impact, because we – most of those were sold at full price, because they were just sales into our distribution channel. This quarter it’s a lot more trade-ins. But that’s the margin of that – even with that trade-in is good, it’s just a part of what impacts us is we defer some of that revenue, because we’ve realized some warranties in training.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay, makes sense. I’m wondering as it relates to the buyback – you guys have obviously done a good job of buying back stock, I’m wondering why the – looks like you bought about 3 million shares in the quarter and the diluted share count didn’t move down much, can you give me a little color there?
Dan Behrendt: It’s based on the weighted average, so it just kind of – it tends to move a little bit slower. But we’ll – you’ll see more of that impact as we go into fourth quarter.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. Do you know the number that you ended the third quarter with offhand on a diluted basis?
Dan Behrendt: Well, we’re about 56.7 on a basic before the options.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. Okay, I will hop back in the queue. Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: Great. Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley from Dougherty. Please proceed.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty:  Yes, good morning. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about from both Evidence.com and AXON, how many agencies are now using the product, how many units have been installed, and maybe slip that number in context of what you think the broader market opportunity is?
Rick Smith: Got you. Well, this is Rick. We’re going to give a lot more detail in our year-end call, will be coming up in February. At this point, I would say we’re still in the early phase. We do have several hundred agencies using Evidence.com. That’s the combination of the free introductory version that we do that comes with the TASER devices, so they can store their TASER Logs and TASER Cam files on there. And we actually expect that number to continue to grow, because with the new X2 there is a whole bunch of advanced data features that are making much more compelling for agencies to Evidence.com what we call Lite, which is the free version. And by the way the reason that that’s important is that helps to get agencies over the initial sort of interpretation of using the clouds. So having them sort of using the light version gets them over the line. There is some colorful adjectives we can use about that, but you can probably imagine them, it gets past the initial resistance. In terms of a number of AXON units in the field, we have – I don’t have the number of agencies here, it’s in the dozens of agencies, not in the hundreds of agencies, that have purchased, and then we have a couple of dozen more agencies that are in the testing phase. But we’ve been – I would say on what we call the Evidence.com pro side which is the pay version and the hardware, we’ve identified a number of things that we’re refining in the experience with the products based on the last 18 months or so out in the marketplace. So we’re seeing continued traction, but we’ve not yet hit the knee of the curve in terms of adoption. But we expect next year, we’ll be talking about those numbers in more detail.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty: Thank you. And then, on the X2, can you just walk through the history there a little bit again, when did that product officially began shipping, and maybe compare and contrast – you did almost 5,000 units there here in the quarter, compare and contrast how September was versus the June quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so the – this is Dan. So we sold about 600 units or so in Q2. We introduced it in Q2, so we didn’t start shipping until Q2. In fact, we finished Q2 with a little bit of a backlog. We had about 500 units backlog at the end of Q2. We really just started shipping it in June. So this was the first full quarter. And we sold close to 5,000 units this quarter, including as Rick indicated, a couple of big upgrades in San Bernardino and Charlotte. So I think it’s encouraging as you know that upgrade opportunity is really the compelling thing with X2 is to go back and refill into that install base, and we’ve seen a couple of our bigger customers embrace that right out of the gate which is encouraging.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty:  Thank you. And then the accounting for that rebate, that $300 rebate, can you remind us how that flows through the P&L?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, so what we do is we basically take out of the sales allowance. So we’re basically reducing the sales of the trade incomes and a package of a TASER device, the holster, six cartridges, some training and extended warranty, the total is about 50/50. We actually just record in revenue about $1250 of that.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty: Okay. 
Dan Behrendt: And as part of that $1250 is even deferred because the warranty is a little recognized that ratably over the five years. So out of the total sale that starts at $1550, we recognize about a $1000 in the quarter, and then about $250, we’ll recognize over time.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty: Thank you.
Dan Behrendt: Sure Greg.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. We will now turn the call over back to the presenters for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, I’d like to wish everybody out there a Happy Halloween; I’ll be out trick-or-treating with my kids tonight. Wish you all the best and great holiday season.  The momentum here internally for those of you who get a chance to come and visit the company, I think the operations are really hitting their stride, our product development processes have really matured over the last couple of years, I think the physical discipline, we’re seeing it in the cash generation and the improved profitability, and I could be more excited for the future.  So thanks for joining us today and we’ll be back for our next conference call in February of next year to report on the full year. Thanks and bye-bye.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-31 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – Chief Executive Officer Dan Behrendt – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Eric Wold – Merriman Capital Paul Coster – JPMorgan Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 TASER International Earnings Conference Call. My name is [Natasha], and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I’d now like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Okay. Welcome everybody. Before we get started, I’m going to pass to our CFO, Dan Behrendt for the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. Good morning. Safe Harbor statement, certain statements contained in this presentation maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements as it defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to, expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of the law enforcement market, expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risk, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risk, potential fluctuations in the quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product test and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And, with that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. Okay. I think the interesting story this quarter particularly is about cash. We generated almost $5 million in cash and we’ve announced in addition to the $12.5 -- $12.5 million stock buy-back we just completed that we’re beginning another, up to $20 million cash buy-back. Revenues for the quarter were $21.2 million, up 11% over last year and we saw our TASER X2 that we announced this quarter and we just began shipping in the last two weeks generated $1.4 million of sales in the quarter. Gross margins improved to 57.7%, but the real impressive figure here in my line and a lot of credit goes to Doug Klint and his team that run our Hardware Operation. The margins in our core electronic control business were 63.8%, before you take on the data center operations and software maintenance. Operational costs to breakdown to 57.7%. So a lot of the operational focus on tuning our business unit-by-unit, I think is paying off as we seize operational efficiencies. SG&A down about 10% over last year, again a lot of focus on the cost controls. R&D down 8.6% over the same period last year and anytime, I talk about R&D, I also like to point out, we are getting more out of R&D now than we ever have even though our spend level is down. The TASER new development process has really been refined over the past 12 months. The X2 was developed, frankly, for a fraction of the cost that it took us to develop the X3 a few years ago and the variable cost of goods of our product is dramatically lower than the X3. The quality is -- and reliability is higher than anything we have ever built. The process changes we’ve made, I cannot overstate how important they are. I think really as we move from 2003 to the present, we went from a small company to a very small entrepreneurial engineering team. As we scaled, we had hiccups and some missteps along the way but I think we’ve now really hit our stride where I would say we’re getting world class engineering team and process that’s able to take the voice of the customer, ingest it, convert it into products, make sure we go through a world-class validation quality and testing and design verification program and bring those products to market. So that is going to be one of the key core competencies of this business allows us to create shareholder value over the long-term. Adjusted operating income, which basically takes out a lot of the noise and non-cash items such as amortization, asset impairment, et cetera, so if we look at in some of the core operations of the business, let’s see, we generated $4.2 million this quarter in the suggested operating income up over 450% over the same period last year. Now on a GAAP basis, loss for the quarter was $5.1 million that included, obviously reserves for some different items that I’ll talk about as we move forward here. One of those reserves was related to the Protector concept and product. We recorded a $1.4 million asset impairment charge, we have abandoned that business, last year when we went into it, we approached Protector as sort of an option on a potentially very large market in terms of cellular and mobile safety products. What we learned along the way, frankly, was that for all of the public attention around the issue of distracted driving and there going to have number of startups and a number of other companies have entered the space. We’re not seeing that that is a market that is actually turning into a revenue market where there is sufficient demand to justify the focus of our team. So, as part of our efforts to really again focus on tuning and running the business for profitability, we made the determination and we did obviously engage for a period of time in looking for various partnerships or ways to monetize some of our investment in Protector and we came to the conclusion that those efforts were not going to proof is better to get management at all levels truly focused and so we have abandoned the Protector business. Next item, we did have a set back this quarter in the Turner case in North Carolina. We got hit with what we consider to be a runaway jury verdict of $10 million of which our insurance will cover the majority if it is paid, because it went over our main insurance balance we’ve recorded a $3.3 million charge in the second quarter. Now the last time this happened to us was the Heston case back in 2008 and Heston, we were originally hit with around $7 million in total damages. We succeeded in post-trial motion, including an aggressive appeals process and literally just in May of 2011, just two months ago, we prevailed in vacating three of the four monetary awards and the Heston damages were dropped from $7 million to around $200,000, so a significant victory for us on legal front. In the Turner case, we believe, number one it was truly a tragic and sad incident that occurred. Our hearts do go out to the family. We understand that it has been a very painful experience that does not change our assessment that we believe in this case emotion overruled the science. I should caution that we shouldn’t just assume that because we lost – that we won on the last round with Heston in terms of post-trial motions in the field, those are generally considered long shots in the general sense from a legal perspective. However, our level of confidence is pretty high in our post-trial proceedings in Heston, I’m sorry, in Turner. So anyone who is interested in reading why we would have some confidence that we have very strong legal arguments that that $10 million should either be overturned or dramatically reduced or even trial ordered. You can go to taser.com/rule50, that’s taser.com/rule50. And there you can download our Rule 50 Motion that will lay out in detail the legal and scientific arguments about that case. Okay. Moving on. This quarter as I talked about we generated almost $5 million in cash from operations. We did complete the $12.5 million stock repurchase. Cash and equivalents and investments at the end of the quarter were around $38.5 million and we had no debt reported on the balance sheet. We approached our board on, I believe it was just this week to – we’ve been -- we believe our business is hitting a level again where we’re really tuning in our operations and we’re seeing a little bit more predictability in the business. And we’ve determined that we don’t need as much cash as we have on the balance sheet in order to run the business and that the disciplined thing to do is to return more of our cash to shareholders and accordingly we have approved an additional $20 million buy-back that will begin when the window opens in a few days. And with that, let me turn over to Dan, but just to add it up so there is no confusion, we completed the $12.5 million and we have approval on another $22 million received an amount, what could be a total of $32.5 million of share buy-back this year, of course that depends on market conditions and our ability to buy subject to the trading restrictions. But obviously we’re returning a lot of cash to shareholders, something that we’re proud of and we’re proud of the cash generation capability of the business. Dan over to you.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. Thanks, Rick. I’m going to go through the results for the second quarter maybe just a little bit more detail. As Rick indicated, revenues for Q2 were $21.2 million. These were up approximately $2.1 million or 10.9% from the prior year. The increase was driven mostly by the introduction of the X2, which generated about $1.4 million of sales during the second quarter. And as a result, North American sales for the second quarter are up approximately 8% over the prior year results. International sales were also up sharply over the prior year due to sizable follow-on orders that we announced during the quarter. The gross margins of $12.2 million or 57.7% of revenues were up 7.3% as a percent of sales over the 50.4% for the prior year and again following the complete loss of commercial loss of Evidence.com during the second quarter of 2010 we are recognizing the cost of service up in gross margins. The impact of that was $1.3 million this quarter or 6% of sales. So excluding those costs for the cost of service delivered, the actually hardware part of the business had gross margins of 63.8% and they are very strong for the quarter. They were actually favorably impacted by the product mix including the introduction X2, which actually enjoyed a very strong gross margin as well with some of the other ECD products. We also had better absorption or a fixed overhead and lower scrapped and obsolete inventory expenses. The SG&A expenses for the quarter of $9.1 million are down somewhat $10 million in the prior year. SG&A as a percent of sales were 42.8%, compared to 52.2% for the same quarter last year. The SG&A is down due to reductions in salaries and benefits, stock compensation and professional services offset by higher sales and marketing expenses in the quarter due to the TASER user conference which we had in the second quarter of this year. Last year we conducted that conference in the third quarter and also the product launch expenses around the launch of the X2. Research and development expenses of $2.8 million for the second quarter, which decreased $300,000 roughly compared to 2010. Again, it was driven partly by moving some of the costs that were around the data center up from R&D, up into cost of service delivered but we’ve also seen a drop in salary due to headcount reductions, lower consulting costs and reduced scrapping sets. And those benefits were partially offset by some of the late stage development work on the X2. But as Rick indicated, we feel that the R&D department is really running operationally very well and we feel very good about the new product introduction process here at TASER. We did have a number of unusual items that were recorded in the second quarter results, excluding the $3.3 million charge that we recorded in the second quarter due to the adverse jury verdict in Turner, Rick talked about our field process there. We also recorded $1.4 million of asset impairment charges related to the decision to abandon operations of our Protector product offering and additionally we recorded about $800,000 charge to write-down property equipment that was just had deemed to be surplus in Evidence.com product line. There’s some extra equipment there we were no longer going to use and we took a write-down of that equipment for about $800,000 this quarter. The adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of stock-based compensation, depreciation and amortization, the litigation judgment expense, asset impairment and the loss or write-down disposable property equipment, basically a proxy of cash earnings was $3.3 million for the quarter. This is a $4.2 million improvement over the same quarter last year where we actually lost $900,000 on that same adjusted operating income basis. GAAP loss from operations for this quarter was $5.1 million, compared to a loss last year of $3.4 million. I know it was a bit of a challenge this quarter with all of the unusual events but if you peel back the onion to get to normalized earnings, we actually felt very good about the results this quarter given the sales levels that we had. The net loss for the second quarter was $2.3 million or $0.04 a share on a basic and diluted basis. This compares to loss of $1.4 million or $0.02 a share on basic and diluted basis last year. Now moving onto the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $38.5 million to the cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. This is down about $4.2 million from the year end balances but that is mostly a result of the $12.5 million cash we’ve used for the buy-back during the first half of this year offset by the $9.2 million of cash provided from operating activities. Accounts receivable of $10 million were actually down about $3.6 million from the prior year end balances due to some timing of the sales and the second quarter sales versus the fourth quarter sales. We continue to actively manage the working capital here in a very active way. Inventory at $16 million for the quarter for the period ended June 30th is also down $1.8 million from the year end balance. Our prepaid assets of $3.5 million were actually up $1.5 million driven mostly just by prepaid insurance premiums and the investment and property equipment of $31.8 million is down $4.1 million. Basically the decrease is mostly the result of the $4 million depreciation expenses offset by the write-down of Protector and surplus Evidence.com assets and the new capital expenditures which kind of offset each other. So the (inaudible) is down roughly $4 million and the total assets at June 30th were $125.6 million. On the liabilities and equity side of the balance sheet, accounts payable of $5 million is actually up about $445,000 from the prior year just due to time and check runs at the year versus the quarter end. Our accrued liabilities you’ll see are up sharply, the $6.6 million is a $2.8 million increase related to the accrual of the litigation judgment expense this quarter. The deferred revenue of $6.7 million is actually down about $900,000 from the year end balances due to the recognition of deferred revenue associated with the sale of extended warranties and our total liabilities of $20.9 million and owner’s equity finished the period of June 30, 2011 at $104.7 million. We continue to have no long-term debt on the balance sheet and continue to have plenty of liquidity to continue to operate the business the way we desire. As we move onto cash flow, the company did have cash provided from operations in the second quarter of $4.9 million and $9.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2011. This compares to cash used in operations of $2.4, I’m sorry, $2.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2010. So we’re seeing a significant swing from the cash usage last year for the first six months versus the cash generated this year. The cash generated this year for the first six months was driven by our adjusted operating income. Also the decrease in receivables, decrease in inventory and increase in accounts payable. So the working capital has really been a big part of the cash generation this year along with the cash earnings that we’ve enjoyed. Net cash used for investing activities for the six months ended June 30, 2011 was $11.6 million. This compares to $3.4 million for the same period last year. The large use of cash and investments is mostly driven by the $10.8 million purchases of short-term investments. We’re buying a lot of short-term commercial papers just to improve the yields on our investments. We also used $12.5 million in cash and finance activities. This is purely driven by the buy-back that was approved in March of this year. We’ve executed that completely. We did purchase just a little over 2.9 million shares at a cost of $12.5 million and as Rick indicated, the Board yesterday approved an additional $20 million buy-back on top of the $12.5 million buy-back that was approved in March. We ended the quarter with $27.7 million of cash and $10.8 million in short-term investments for $38.5 million cash investments. We remain confident in this and we have plenty of liquidity to operate the business and feel very good about our positions as we move into the second half of the year. And, with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Great. A couple other items I’m going to want to touch on qualitatively here. The first is, of course, the X2, very excited about that product, but more importantly our customers are quite excited about that product. At our master instructor school where we train roughly 300 officers who are the elite of training across this country who then go forth and train the instructors around the world in TASER use. After showing them and giving them a chance to use the X2, we surveyed them as to which product they would prefer to carry, the X2 or our flagship X26. And 96% of respondents said they would prefer to carry the X2, which tells us our design efforts really hit the mark this time. Quantitatively we saw affirmation of that as well in that we saw two state patrols go full deployment on the X2 right out of the gate within the first two weeks of its shipping, as well as the Newport News Sheriff’s Office in Virginia, not just ordering 77 X2 but also the new 77 TASER Cam HD, which is our color high definition version of the TASER Cam, which is only available on the X2 and that will be out in the second half of this year. That’s still in late stage development. As I mentioned the TASER new product development process is really humming. The quality levels on the X2 are extraordinary in terms of the tests that that went through before release and the reliability that we’ve seen in both field trials and rigorous use in training environments. We believe that will have significant impact on our operating margins over the long-term by significantly reducing our returns for broken units in need of repair. This quarter also the NIJ, National Institute of Justice, which is the research and development wing of the United States Department of Justice released two key reports on electronic control devices. And in those reports they found several very significant findings, not the least of which was they found that TASER devices or ECDs carry with it a significant low risk of injury than just about any other force option. And as a result they recommend that these devices should continue to be used in lower in the force continuum because they save lives and reduce injuries. Interestingly, the report also found no evidence that TASER devices or ECDs caused cardiac dysrhythmia in humans even with a chest shot and again, we’re a bit stunned that the jury in the case in Turner seems to ignore the findings of independent agencies like the DOJ, instead we believe were swayed more by emotion. But we believe over the long haul these independent findings they continue to support these hundreds of studies on TASER devices out there today. Also we launched our new website, I believe it was in April and we encourage folks to go to www.taser.com. We have a much more agile website that our marketing and other folks are able to -- it is much more streamlined in terms of our operational management of it. We think it is better. Our search results have improved pretty dramatically on issues we care about such as TASER safety. We have also launched this quarter we talked about last time, POLICE POV, which is a TV show where we partnered with Base Productions. It is on truTV on Sunday nights. And POLICE POV shares police incidents from the police point of view using the AXON camera system. We are finding that that show is really helping among the law enforcing community in showing the benefits of on-officer video and frankly, building support that this is a capability officers will want to carry individually, not just that agencies see a helpful use for but individual officers. If you go to our website as well and you click on the video section, look on the, I believe it is Stories From the Field or Cases From the Field on AXON and you will see, I believe we have six or eight case studies now on AXON use where you can see various police chiefs, officers and city attorneys from agencies that are using AXON and Evidence.com, talking about the significant reductions they’re seeing in complaints, significant time spent on reporting, improved reporting accuracy. In fact, several of our customers have now implemented polices where if it is captured on video and there is a complaint, the video stands in the entire investigation which is huge resources and frankly, yields better results because it is more accurate than an investigation that relies on trying to get a bunch of different people’s perspective about what they think happened when you have it on video. We continue to see that there is a longer sales cycle on AXON and Evidence.com then there is in our situational ECDs. But I think if you watch those videos you’ll see why we are excited that the long-term prospects of the business remain very interesting. In fact there was a development this year that we believe is very significant in that we have chosen a cloud-based delivery model with Evidence.com. We are, to my awareness, the first and only provider approaching the law enforcement market with a cloud-based evidence management solution for critical evidence. And when we started this a few years ago there was a fair amount of trepidation about moving data to the clouds for the law enforcement and we do still certainly get questions about whether or not government agencies will really be moving their data to the cloud. Well, there is a significant and rather seismic event in that space in that Vivek Kundra who is the first CIO of the Federal Government implemented a policy earlier this year called Cloud First. Under that policy the Federal Government is closing dozens if not hundreds of data centers because they have found that governments tend not to be super efficient at designing, developing and deploying data centers. And just given the way government procurement worked it tends to take years to do these things and it’s very hard to predict capacity needs years in advance and the elasticity and capabilities of the cloud will generate tremendous cost savings for the federal government. And just one example of that -- a law enforcement agency itself, the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission has moved much of its operations onto salesforce.com. And if you go to YouTube and do a search on Cloud First and Kundra you will find some great video of the CIO talking about some of the benefits like the SEC dramatically improving their turnaround time on cases and investigations by enabling their officers to collaborate using salesforce.com. We believe that a significant endorsement of the cloud strategy and cloud technology with the Federal Government now leading the way, I can tell you from my personal meetings with police chiefs in state and local agencies, this dramatically increases their comfort in the cloud approach seeing that they have got now cover from the federal level that, in fact, it’s the preferred approach. There are five trends that we believe together strongly support that we’re skating to where the puck is going so to speak. That our business model of AXON and Evidence.com is supported by these technology trends. One is digital video, of course it’s becoming more and more prevalent and the handling of digital video is particularly when we talk about Evidence is particularly technically challenging and it is one where we are developing a real core competence. Number two is the coming of the cloud and deployed application services. Clearly, that’s a trend that is continuing to grow and we have positioned our business model around it. The third is the rise of mobile technology, iPads, Android tablets, smartphones, et cetera. Law enforcement tends to be a technology laggard in terms of adoption. Most agencies are not yet deploying this technology although most officers carry an individual smartphone. Local technology further supports the cloud model, when you start talking about agencies not just building data centers but now needing to build data centers that security interface to mobile devices over commercial networks, it again represents a significant increase in the complexity for these agencies to build and deploy their own whereas cloud-based centralized services that interface with mobile devices, those two go hand in hand from a business model perspective. The fourth area is the rise of standards and particularly in law enforcement, there is a public National Information Exchange Model which is promulgated by the Federal Government that is a model for information sharing between agencies. We believe the importance of sharing information between agencies is something that is much more streamlined in a cloud or centralized infrastructure sort of architecture than with every agency deploying and running their own data servers. And the fifth is the movement towards green -- green power, green document management, going paperless. We believe over the long-term that digital video will move to the center of records management and will become a core record of an incident as the recording would happen rather than what somebody wrote on paper about what happened and we believe to move away from paper to digital assets again underpins our strategy. So, if I asked -- as I move to wrap up here, I would say the X2 and some of the things we’re doing there are really making a significant impact in our core business of electronic control devices. You’ll continue to see a high level of focus. We frankly ejected some of the non-core activities here like Protector to focus in on AXON and Evidence.com, which we believe together with our electronics control devices provides a holistic solution to our customers around use of course in law enforcement public interaction. And we’re excited about the balance of the year and we’re very excited to show you some of the things that we are continuing to work on in our new product development process and for that you’ll have to just stay tuned. And, with that, we’ll wrap up the presentation portion of the call and move to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Wold with Merriman Capital. Please proceed.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: Thank you and good morning, guys.
Rick Smith: Good morning. Eric.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: A couple of questions. One just first off Dan, housekeeping, I’m not sure if I missed it in the opening comments, if I did I apologize. What was the $1.3 million of other income?
Dan Behrendt: That’s partially the result of the settlement against the prime banks.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: Okay.
Rick Smith: Litigation settlement that we received.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: Okay. Perfect. And then moving on, huge gross margins in the quarter, it looks like the best gross margins you have had in about three years on the core products. Assuming we start getting a ramp back up over the coming quarters in terms of spending by law enforcement and your capacity utilization moves up, I mean, where could that core product margin go?
Dan Behrendt: I mean, certainly, we’ve always targeted sort of a 60% margin that’s kind of the historic levels. I think it will be certainly we had great results this quarter. Partially it was a little bit of absorption this quarter which helped things but we would certainly like to see that stay north of 60%. As the units transition from the X26 to the X2, the absorption of the X2 is better due to the higher price points. So, we do expect that that will improve margins but certainly we’d like to stay north of 60% for sure.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: And on the X2, given the demand or kind of a response to that and demand so far, is it likely that -- is the X3 going to be phased out or is that something that can still be kept in the catalog and is pretty easy to put together if there is demand for it?
Rick Smith: No. The X3 will remain part of our product catalog. It’s -- we are tailoring the X3 more towards SWOT applications and guys that don’t mind carrying a slightly larger unit to get more capability. So it will remain in our catalog. It’s not a huge volume mover but frankly from just a marketing perspective, having a three product offering with the X26, the X2 and the X3. We believe that the X3 is a referential price point. It helps to, in the positioning of the X2 for mass adoption.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: Okay. And then last question, any way you can kind of look at all of the departments that are trialing the AXON, Evidence.com and give a sense that if all of those departments went to full deployment kind of what is the current potential users of AXON would it be on trial?
Rick Smith: I don’t have that immediately available.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. We’re trialing in a lot of places and the focus has been to go deep with these agencies that we are trialing with to make sure that we actually have the benefits and the product offerings dialed in, the pricing right as we try to scale up that part of the business. So, at this point, we are trialing with agencies of different sizes, some significant major agencies along with smaller agencies because obviously we sell into the whole breadth of the market.
Rick Smith: We do believe that our strategy will be primarily based on agencies under 200 officers over the next couple of years is where we’re going to see most of the growth in adoption. Because those smaller agencies tend to be faster at decision making and they have less political complexities around having a large IT department. And we find that the larger agencies, just the level of the sales process is more complex, it’s going to take longer and we believe we can build network effects and market adoption by getting perhaps a few thousand smaller agencies over the next couple of years and that that will make it more enticing to the larger agencies. So we are in a couple of the big agencies. But I think them going to full deployment is going to be a longer road to hoe than getting more of the Aberdeen’s and Burnsville’s and the smaller agencies that see the benefit and the chief is more actively engaged and again they have a fairly small IT infrastructure in house and are more adaptive.
Eric Wold – Merriman Capital: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Yeah. Thank you. Dan, I’m not sure what the most efficient way of doing this is. But can you give us the products and revenue in unit breakdown or point us to the right resource for that?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. I can run through the units. The unit sales for the quarter, X26 we sold 12,501, we did sell 1,512 of the X2 that we get here and actually finished with a backlog there just due to the launch timing. M26 we sold 628 units, X3 we sold 63 units, we sold 2,007 of the TASER, 1,461 of the TASER Cams and we sold 281,310 cartridges.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. And then the revenue breakdown, have you already provided that or is it?
Dan Behrendt: It will be in the Q.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. Got it. And then Rick you talked a little bit about more predictability in the business. What is the source of the visibility and can you give us your best guess on how this muni budget sort of issues is going to play out and when we should start to see reaccelerating growth?
Rick Smith: Well, I’d say the level of predictability is more in our internal operations in terms of need for capital spending, et cetera. The last couple of years we have made some significant investments in AXON and Evidence.com and some of these new business units and I think that is where I was primarily focused. We don’t have any major new initiatives that we believe would need a lot of cash potentially and we’ve got a pretty good line on what it is going to take to execute on AXON and Evidence.com. The revenue side of things, I wouldn’t say, it’s any more predictable than it has been but I think we have been operating in a very tough budget environment and we’ve still been turning in results where we are generating ballpark $1 million a month in cash. So unless there was some dramatic downturn in the economy, with the X2 coming online and many agencies having units over five years, we believe that the baseline business we’ve been operating to feels sustainable at a minimum and that gave us comfort in terms of our cash generation and/or cash need. In terms of the municipal environment, the main positive impact I would say is that many law enforcement agencies have made the cuts that last year they were still looking at -- when agencies are looking at cutting officers they become very focused on avoiding all expenses. They don’t want to be out buying equipment when they are cutting the jobs of their comrades. A lot of the restructuring in law enforcement has happened now which just means it has changed our mindset to where when we are in an agency 18 months ago. We had situations where the union guys were pinning up our quotes on the quote board in the locker room. But I know like say, hey, we are about to lay off 100 officers and management is looking at spending a lot of money on equipment, needless to say that’s not helpful. So, we’re seeing that dynamic getting behind us here. A lot of the cuts have been made. In terms of so the predictability of spending at least for our municipal customers we think is better in that they at least have a little better idea that they’ve some money to spend and they are not in complete huge deficits that are requiring cuts. I think there is some uncertainty about what is happening now with the debt ceiling and all that and money from the federal level injecting a little more uncertainty back into the city and municipal folks that do rely on federal money as well. So we don’t have great predictability to when the economy is going to turn but at least a lot of the factors that led to the cuts are being dealt with.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: You previously acknowledged that, aging inventory out there now and that a replacement cycle is probably starting soon but given the budgetary constraints, I imagine it is postponed somewhat. Do you have a sense that there is pent up demand and are there any anecdotes data points that you can share with us to substantiate that?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. Paul, this is Dan. Yeah, we’re definitely seeing that the message that agencies need to look to proactively replace the units, they’re certainly listening to that. They’re looking for the budget to help with that. I think it certainly has been very helpful to have a product like the X2 that we have launched that agencies really like and that helps them to prioritize perhaps that upgrade cycle higher on their capital spend list than they might have previously. So we feel very good about that. Yeah, we did see last year we had about $8 million worth of upgrades from M26 to X26 last year. So, I think, yeah, we have seen some of that upgrades at selective agencies that remain optimistic that as we move forward that aging install base will give us an opportunity to resell into our install base of customers.
Rick Smith: Dan, how big is the install base currently of units that are over five years old?
Dan Behrendt: It’s over 175,000 units and that will grow by about 80,000 units a year. So it’s going to be -- we’ll have well over 400,000 units over the next four years reach that over five-year mark.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Great. Thanks very much.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Thank you. Good morning, guys.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Dan Behrendt:  Good morning.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: So the gross margin just to kind of revisit that quickly, very good level. Was there anything sort of one-time, I mean, I know you want to kind of get to 60% here over time but is that a good level to sort of model going forward or would you expect it to take a step back in Q3?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. I think product mix is a big determine. The product mix is really favorable this quarter. We had more sales to sort of the higher margin ECD products, lower sales of some of the things that are maybe a little bit lower margin. So certainly the mix helped us as well and that’s something that is not always super predictable. But as far as a one-time, we did see some extra absorption this quarter with the components of inventory. Our actual finished goods inventory went up a little bit, reduction in raw materials. That caused a little bit more of the overhead to get capitalized on the balance sheet. But that’s kind of the normal ebb and flow. But we certainly feel from modeling purposes that 60% is still a good target for the ECD part of the business.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. And then I noticed this quarter kind of the number of cartridges is a ratio versus handles in the field is the lowest that I have ever seen it. Is there anything to read into that, are people training less or was it just kind of the way things ebbed and flowed in the quarter?
Dan Behrendt: I think it’s mostly ebb and flow, I mean, cartridges tend to do that a little bit. I think normally what we didn’t see as much this quarter is sort of that budget flush which a lot of times is sort of cartridge centric. That may be a little bit due to the introduction of the X2 where the X2 uses a different cartridge than the X26 and if agencies are looking at an upgrade they’re going to want to keep their inventory of the X26 cartridges lower and not bulk up on those so that maybe part of that trend you’re seeing.
Rick Smith: I want to add in as well. This is Rick. We probably, we believe we saw some X26 orders push out this quarter delayed once we announced the X2 and some anecdotal information we have about that. For example, we saw the returns rate for X26 is being returned for repair drop about in half the months that we announced the X2. And because we have a trade in offer that runs through the end of the year whether the units are functional or broken, they can be traded in for a $300 trade in credit towards a package that includes the X3, warranty, cartridges, holster, et cetera, I’m sorry, the X2. Once we made that announcement it looks like people really cut back on sending in X26 units for repair or replacement and then anecdotally as well there were some orders we thought -- we expected to see a little stronger push on X26 at the end of the quarter that didn’t develop and we believe that part of that was people are looking at the X2. And again, a couple of them got off the time pretty quick like Newport News and (inaudible) but we know other folks are going through a little more of a rigorous field trial of it before they make a decision.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. And then I know you don’t guide and there’s not always a ton of visibility but how should we think about sort of revenue in the back half of the year versus the first half?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. We continue to see a good pipeline of interest in the product, so we remain, we feel good about the business longer term. It’s a tough business to forecast as you know but we continue to see good quoting activity and certainly the introduction of the X2 will certainly help as we start unlocking that upgrade cycle.
Rick Smith: Yeah. There are also some very significant and large international orders that we continue to work and I know people get a little fatigued as do we, talking about the big orders we were talking about last year are still in the pipeline, they have not closed. So there could be some significant upside surprises in the second half of the year. But from a modeling perspective and expectation perspective we wouldn’t get ahead of ourselves and encourage you to model that in but we also thought we should let you know there are some significant opportunities internationally and those just tend to be super lumpy and big because decisions are made at the senior level of national governments. But we’re hopeful that we’ll start to see some of those break free for us here.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. And then last question, just operating expenses, is this a good level to think about going forward, I mean, obviously X all of the one-time stuff this quarter?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. I mean, we’re continuing to really drive the OpEx down as much as possible. I think certainly if you sort of look at the average of Q1 and Q2, it’s still pretty good proxy for what we need to run the business, there is always going to be a little bit of ebb and flow with the quarters based on the sort of product introductions, just some things around the business. But we continue to look to drive as much efficiency as we can and really work on controlling the things we can as far as on the operating side of the business to be as efficient as possible and really get that breakeven point of the business as low as practical.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: All right. Thanks guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: I have no further questions in the queue.
Rick Smith: Good. All right. Well, thanks everyone for tuning in this morning. As I mentioned stay tuned. Some interesting things happening in the back half of the year with TASER Cam HD and some other things we’re working on and thanks for your continued support. So we will be back to you all in October. Have a great balance of your summer and have a great day. Thanks.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation and you may all now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – CEO Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts: Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co. Peter Mahon – Dougherty Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the First Quarter TASER International Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Jennifer, and I’ll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode and later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you very much. Welcome everybody. Before we get started here, I’ll have Dan read our Safe Harbor statement. We’ll get started.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. Thank you. Certain statements contained in this presentation maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration in the law enforcement market, expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing profit accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting or retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risks of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and death and a negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in the quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risk of government, governmental investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Great. Thanks Dan. So everybody has no doubt seen in our press release as we came in at a little over $23 million in revenue in the first quarter and generated over $4 million in cash of that revenue base, something we’re proud of and though we have to continue to see the core business generating cash on a quarterly basis. So we’re able to execute the stock buyback for a little over $5 million in the international [ph] cash change not too significant from the end of the year due to cash generation. Similarly, in this quarter we saw product gross margins improve by a little over 1% of revenue, compared to last year that’s as a product only gross margin. The net gross margin did decrease because we are now selling in the dot-com and what used to be over the R&D line it’s now cost of goods sold for operating our data center. SG&A also dropped over last year by about $1 million and yet, I think, we are accomplishing more with that, you may have noticed, if you got to taser.com we’ve launched brand new website, it’s been redesigned to ground up optimize for search engine that search engine results and we believe is giving helped to make our website into the best sales person for the company and valued resources for our distributors. A couple other things to talk about, probably the big one happened just this week and that was the announcement of the new TASER X2. The X2 is basically our middle option now in ECDs. We’ve got entry level of the X26, which has been our workforce since 2003, at the high end, we have the X3. The X2, we believe is the optimal balance of features, price and size. It’s almost as small as the X26, has a second shot, has a second laser, so you don’t worry about dot’s are going to go. That indicated fire-control system, so they should be partly device for warning purposes while it’s still loaded. We’ve improved the weatherproofing and the battery system that can now support over 500 discharges and we’re offering the set of price under a $1,000. Our market research indicates that at least based on the survey results we believe the X2 has the option of providing very compelling upgraded opportunity for our installed base. If you look at this, there is around 250,000 lethal [ph] that are over five years old that have surpassed the typically used to light for electronic devices. It’s been somewhat challenging to have a compelling message to our customers to upgrade the device to get the same fundamental lethal [ph] just a newer ones. We believe the X2 is game changer and we’ve talked to a number of customers and receive very positive feedback and indeed discrete compelling need for upgrade, particularly the back-up shop. We’ve in terms of marketing materials and our trained materials then pointing out there’ve been a number of cases over the years where when operator misses which happens we’re all given. Cases have escalated to lethal proposed levels. We believe having a second shot would save a lot of lives, the injuries to make these devices all are much more effective. One of your simple math if this is compelling enough to upgrade this 10% of our installed base, that would be to an incremental $25 million in revenue in the round numbers and obviously FD conversion rate goes up, so the incremental revenue. So, as it is we’re quite excited about. There is some risk particularly in the current quarter of revenue disruption, meaning it does take agencies some time to digest new information, to test new equipment and so the only road downside, potential with the X2 is get the agencies, stall purchases while they look at, we could see a short-term disruption while we believe that these results are pretty compelling about the device and that agency should be able to make decisions relatively quickly and at the end of the day the upgrade opportunity is very significant. Next thing I’m going to talk about also happened after the end of the quarter and that was the launch of POLICE POV, which is a television show that we developed in partnership with BASE Productions, which is on truTV on Sunday nights, one of the prime TV slots. They watched this past Sunday with dual back-to-back episodes of the show. We’re quite excited about this. It’s pretty rare that a company launching an entirely new product category and thus having a primetime television show build around that capability in that product. So we believe this will do a lot to educate public, as well as police about the advantage of our officer video and frankly that a pretty, a compelling positive urge for law enforcement, when they see the benefits of the cameras being used on probably you can see on the show. Also over the past quarter we did bring on five new agencies that have purchased TASER AXON and EVIDENCE.COM including one training college in Wisconsin. We continue to get excellent feedback on the system and on the capability. It is a longer sales cycle then expanded our additional weapons. There is a lot more decision-makers involved. We are not only selling hardware but back-end IT systems and services. We’ve been meeting with numbers of experts in the Software-as-a-Service business from some of the leading companies if you’ve heard about out there. I probably shouldn’t name the firms but people are involved in the sales and growth of leading SaaS providers and we’ve been learning lot along the way that they’re not surprised to see that the adopting curve on the front end for these types of businesses takes a while for ramp or once they do, they can really happiest, they get an interesting way. So the most important factor I’m looking at is that, we see consistently that chiefs and leaders of law enforcement, they all see video coming. They see that as a trend. There is no disputed time on its way. They see that moving video on with the officer. It’s also something that’s coming, its just natural progression. Just going take some time for to happen, we believe we’re in a first move position and we are well-position to take advantage of that trend and we will continue to put a lot of focus on resources on AXON and EVIDENCE.COM in the future. And again, we believe that having a TV show about Axon and EVIDENCE.COM, it’s an invaluable resource. As I also mention, we launched a new taser.com, our new website. I’d encourage all to go and take at and I think that it’s easier to digest, obviously the importance of the strong web presence can’t be understated in the world today that we live in. And what you’re seeing today is just the first iteration, we’ve gone content management platform, it’s a far more user-friendly and particularly marketing friendly site that our people can change and adapt much more easily than the primary infrastructure. And again, we’ve accomplished these things all while reducing costs. Last thing I would talk about before I hand over to Dan is, we implemented a number of key operating improvements within the company have allowed us to become more efficient and one of them is the implementation of a phase-gated product development process and the creation of a world-class voice to the customer program and the first product you’re seeing come out of these refined systems is the TASER X2. We literally involve thousands of officers directly and indirectly through surveys that up this to highlight what the key features of a new weapon platform would be in terms of selecting the right price points in product segmentation between our product line to create and coming good programs. And then we fed that feedback into a much more structured product development process that included a much longer planning phase on the front end of development and the benefit of doing that will be exclusively what we had, actually seen is we were able to develop that platform to significantly lower cost and the overall development time was quite bit faster than it was from previous platform systems that we’ve done because we had to rigor to spend a lot of time on front end on the planning and validation of new technologies before they went into the design. And as a result, our qualities has taken pretty unbelievable on the X2, it is already surpassing by significant margins the design margins of the X26, basically we can put the X2 through touch and pound on this thing in ways that none of our prior weapon system was good and we believe that impact to a rigorous process. And, of course, that’s just important for our shareholders and that we believe that that gives us the ability to scale and bring ever more products to market more consistently with better cost controls and better quality and that’s the key driving revenue over the long-term. So, with that, let me turn over to Dan to give some more detail about the quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. So as Rick indicated revenues for Q1 were $23.1 million, this is down approximately $700,000 or 2.9% from the prior year. The decrease in sales versus the prior year quarter is primarily driven by a few individual significant orders to international customers and a small reduction in the domestic law enforcement spending in Q1 last year and Q1 we kind of saw the tailend of the stimulus funding benefiting us – we just saw that beginning last year by the time we kind of completed the year that was done and we saw a little bit of that impact here in Q1 for 2011. Gross margins of $20 – $12.2 million or 52.8% of revenues are down 3.8% as a percentage of sales. Again following the commercial launch of EVIDENCE.COM platform we’re now putting the as cost of service delivered, the cost of the data center, amortization cost of our e.com software, development efforts into the cost of sales line that has about 5% impact on cost of sales in the quarter. So when you exclude that are actually our margins are actually up versus the prior years when we look at the on kind of a similar basis. So excluding the SaaS costs our gross margins for the quarter would have been 57.8% of sales, which is an improvement of 1.2%. Again, our long-term margins targets for the just the product size, size of business remains at 60%, so we’re getting closer to that and feel good about the work we’re doing, the improvements in that product side of the business. We’re really driven by the efficiencies from the automated cartridge assembly production that we put in place last year, reduce scrap and rework expenses, as well as a more favorable sales mix here in this quarter versus the same quarter last year. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $9.3 million versus $10.3 million in the prior year. Again that represents about 40.4% of net sales versus 43.2% last year. So on a leverage basis, we’re getting more leverage out of SG&A as well which is certainly part of our plan here to get the cost structure in line in order to get the leverage back in the business model here. The reduction in the SG&A expenses versus the Q1 of the prior year really driven by lower salaries benefits and stock compensation, as well as sales and marketing expenses including outside commissions. Again, we continue to see the impact of cost control measures that we implemented during 2010. Research and development expenses were $2.8 million for the first quarter, which is a decrease of $2.2 million compared to 2010. The decrease is driven by the reclassification of EVIDENCE.COM data center software related costs previously included R&D so that’s now moved up into the cost of sales. As well as decreases in salaries due to headcount reductions, reductions in consulting costs as the sort of heavy list of the development of AXON and EVIDENCE.COM scaled back and reduced scrap expenses. This is offset by expenses incurred develop the new X2, electronic controller device which we just launched here, as we spoke about earlier, as well as some costs have capitalized software development that we included last year that this year now all that money sitting up in cost of sales. We did reap in those cost, benefit the cost control during the quarter by generating income from operations of $110,000. We’re going to continue the work on getting the leverage in the model here and making sure that we manage our expenses efficiently and effectively. With the ramp up of our software development in California and the resulting 123(R) compensation and just the fact that the amount of sort of the non-cash charges we have really for depreciation, we do look at the business both on a GAAP basis and also cash basis. So when we look at the cash basis P&L actually for the quarter, our adjusted operating income was $3.1 million when we add back depreciation, amortization and stock compensation. This is almost a doubling of last year’s cash earnings of $2.1, I’m sorry, $1.6 million and on a GAAP basis we had again the operating income of $110,000 and net of tax income of $20,000 or zero cents per share in both basic and diluted basis. You may notice that the tax – income tax expense for the quarter looks high. At the end of March The Arizona Legislature actually approved a phased reduction in Arizona’s corporate income tax rate. It starts from 2014 with the full impact being at 2017. As a result we had do a– look at our long-term deferred tax assets for Arizona and look at what the value is going to be of those tax assets as they roll through our tax returns in future years. So we booked an estimated reduction in the value of those tax assets because the lower income tax rate actually reduces the value of those tax assets. We did book a $100,000 estimate in Q1, so that’s why the income tax expense is so high for the quarter, it will get back to more normalized income tax rates as we move later in the year. I’m not going to really talk about the balance sheet in detail, I think that’s, I think most of those changes are pretty straight forward. Someone alluded to the cash flow information I think that’s probably more beneficial. So as we go to the selected information from the statement of cash flows, we didn’t have cash provided from operations of $4.3 million during the first quarter of 2011. This compares to a cash use in operations of $6.7 million in the prior year, so we are very happy with that swing in cash generation. Cash generation for the quarter was really driven by the cash earnings of $3.1 million. We had accounts receivable actually drop $1.9 million, inventory decreased $1.2 million and then we had couple of offsets, prepaid expenses, prepaid assets went up $1.2 million and accounts payable actually came down a little bit, came down $0.9 million for the quarter. Again, we used a lot of cash last year that’s really driven by lower operating income on a cash basis. Really this specific last year we really had a large impact, inventory grew $2.9 million last year and prepaid assets grew $1.6 million and then accounts payable because we had some of the final payments on the automation actually decreased $4 million. So, big swing cash generation wise in the business, feel good about generating $1.3 million from operations. You see this cash used from investing activities in the first quarter was $10.2 million, compared to $2.3 million last year. The largest use of that cash was actually, we purchased $9.8 million of short-term investments. As we looked at the kind of the yield we are getting on our cash, we saw the opportunity to actually increase our interest income by buying some high grade corporate short-term investments all left in the year. So that’s actually going to help with the interest income. We actually saw a decrease in property, plant and equipment versus the year end balances. That’s just really driven by the fact that we had very low purchases of CapEx in Q1 so that depreciation expense is actually higher than the CapEx in the quarter. We did have cash used in the finance activities of $5.1 million. This was really driven by the stock buyback. As Rick indicated, we did purchase 1.25 million shares in the quarter at a cost of just little under $5.1 million, at least $7.4 million left on the $12.5 million buyback that the Board of Directors approved here in March of 2011. We did finish the quarter with $30 – $31.8 million of cash and another $9.8 million in short-term investments for a total $41.6 million of cash investments. Very confident that we’ve got the strong liquidity position that allow us the means to manage our business during this challenging times and it also allow us to focus on growing our business throughout 2011. So, with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Great. Thanks, Dan. Now going for the rest of 2011 there are five key areas where you’ll see the company is focused. Number one is upgrading our installed base of customers to our latest technology and we believe the X2 is the central thrust of that beam, as I mentioned we believe it provides a compelling feature set to drive an upgrade cycle. Second area is to continue to drive adoption of AXON and EVIDENCE.COM. We made significant investments in this space. We get excellent feedback on the overall capability. The folks who are deploying it are reporting significant drops in complaints against officers, significant improvements in the efficiency of their investigations. We’ve been told criminals entering guilty pleas as soon as they realize the incident were caught on video, things that otherwise would have spent valuable time and resources for the agency and the prosecutor’s office to have to take through trials. Just can’t tell you, it feels like the early days of TASER back in the late ‘90’s in early 2000, I think we’re on to something significant there. Third area is growing our penetration in the international markets. We continue to believe that TASER devices will make such a big impact in North America. It can do so internationally and they have been. We continue to see new countries coming on board with TASER devices and our penetration in the international markets is much, much lower than it is here in the U.S. It’s certainly down in the single digits, so lots of room for growth internationally. The fourth area is continuing to improve our efficiency and profitability. I got to tell you it feels good to see some black ink at the bottom of the income statement for last quarter. We’re very much focused on continuing to improve profitability. We’re coming out of a heavy investment cycle. I believe we’re still making the right investments in innovation. We are doing it better, we are doing it more efficiently and we think we’re starting to do it profitably. And the fifth is continuing our progress towards a world-class human capital system. Over the past year or so, we put a lot of focus on our recruiting, interviewing and selection processes on on-boarding, on leadership training, on making sure that we retain the best folks in the world and develop them within TASER. We believe that that’s the key for long-term success is having the best in those motivated people in the world and we believe we’ve got that and our systems are getting better each quarter. And finally, I’ll talk a bit about if you haven’t yet received your annual report, when you do, if you look inside the last, the back cover, you’ll see a new intellectual device for us called TASER’s Mission Pyramid or you can go to our website at taser.com and click the About Taser in the upper right hand corner and there you can see our Mission Pyramid. And basically what we’ve done is over the past six months or so, we’ve let a number of exercises within the company, one of them based around Jim Collins’ good-to-great principles, another around Jerome quality tones [ph] and we’re continuing that through this year with the concept of driving towards a simple set of values, our mission, our core values and the key success factors that can be used day-to-day by our individual employees to drive decisions and speed execution throughout the organization. So hiring the best people and giving them a clear mission and then giving them the freedom to execute and the principles again which to measure success we believe are the keys for this company to continue in its mission to transform the world which we’ve done it once at least in North America with TASER, we’ve had impacts in Europe and other places, lots of room for us to continue to change the world in our mission and now with AXON and EVIDENCE.COM to expand it not just from the incidents when police are actually on the street dealing with the bad guys, but all of the things that proceed and come after those effect that we believe we can have a major impact – we believe we can have a major impact on improving public safety, officer safety, reducing injuries, saving lives and at the end of the day improving the relationship between law enforcement and the communities. They work in through greater transparency and protecting the truth what happened in these incidents through world class on officer video and Evidence Management Systems for really optimize sharing, storage and retrieval of that digital evidence. So with that, we’ll wrap up the call and we’ll take a few questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Wold. Please proceed.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Hey, good morning.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: I guess first of all, Dan, just real quick before I get other way, can you run through the unit numbers?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, of course, certainly we do that. So X26 we sold 12,940 for the quarter. We sold 3,719 M26s. So most of that’s in the international market. X3, we sold 165 in the quarter. C2s, we sold 4,440 for the quarter, so nice quarter for C2s. TASER TMs, we sold 1,789 and then we sold 350,000 and 345 cartridges, so real strong cartridge sales reported, which actually contributed to the sales as well.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Perfect. And then, I know we’re kind of in the midst of this upgrade cycle, just in general and then obviously replacement cycle possibly for the devices past the useful life and now that combined with an upgrade cycle with the new launch of X3 and X2, I guess, can you quantify what you see in this past quarter in terms of – I know you can’t tell necessarily what unit sales are a replacement but can you maybe give a sense of what percentage of your sales were to new customers versus existing customers?
Rick Smith: The sort of the – the bulk of our sales at this point are actually going to be existing customers but that could be anywhere from just a replacement of units to just further penetration within the agency. We’ve got a much deeper penetration at the agency level than we do at the officer level. So it’s tough to tell exactly how much is replacement versus further penetration. But most of our sales are still going to be sort of to the existing customers, especially in North American market. Internationally, I think we still have the opportunity although maybe we’ve sold to a country before there’s a lot of countries which sort of in their very early in the procurement cycle. So I think there are still a lot of opportunities to get what would really be kind of a new customer if they have bought yet in any kind of quantities.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Now, for an existing customer, is the department is actually replacing TASER that are beyond used life or upgrading, do they typically alert you to that fact that they are doing that and are they – do they do that to try to get – I guess, what do they (inaudible) to get on to, they try to get some kind of trade-in value as well?
Rick Smith: Yeah. We’ve seen some of that. Last year, we saw similarly to 2010 we saw lot of that. When we ended the life of the M26 for the North American market last year we saw a lot of those M26 customers come to us and upgrade to X26 or X3 at that point. So we think we got a roughly I’ll say between $5 million and may be $7 million of our sales last year with those upgrades around that M26 program. So we do offer some trade-in credit for some cases to try to drive that cycle even getting a small value for what they have sometimes would be an offside to drive that sales. So we are seeing that cycle start. We think the X2 is actually a more compelling upgrade path especially since most of the installed base is X26s at this point. So having something compelling to upgrade to I think will actually help drive that.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: And then with the budget most probably we’re still kind of under a budget crunch, I mean is there any difference between a department trying to get budget dollars for new TASERs, they’ve never had before versus trying to argue that they need to replace TASER that are on their force now that are end of life or is it basically the same tough situation?
Rick Smith: No. I think the optimist in me says that maybe in some respect, it’s easier to upgrade because they’ve seen the benefit and the product. Maybe some of our customers that we’ve seen successfully get budget dollars for upgrades have really made that argument. Hey, this is a product that saved the department a lot of money and workers comp and suspect injury, savings, avoidance of lethal force situation. So the path has proven itself to be valuable for the city. So in some respect hopefully that upgrade cycle is easier because they’ve already made that stuff to purchase the technology and they’ve seen the benefits. So hopefully the upgrade is that that path is smoother, but it’s still tough budget climate. My view is they’re still spending some money. We just need to be at that top of that list of what they are spending their capital dollars on. We think that second shot is a real valuable, very much a life saving officer protecting capability and hopefully our customers find that compelling.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: And then last question, I guess, the budgets or if the economy doesn’t come back in budget do kind of tick back up. Are most departments for this year, you will know kind of, I guess, what percentage of them tend to be on September versus December fiscal year but is it pretty much, if you’re on a September fiscal year, even if things improve is there a chance of getting more dollars in this budget or once the budget, that is done you basically you want to buy stuff you need to use kind of the confiscated dollars if you will?
Rick Smith: Yeah, that’s still a major funding source for us and really in a good budget climate. Those add support for your moneys and grants are still a big funding source for us even in a better economy. I am – it still a tough municipal budgets but I think we’re starting to see some indications that’s improving at least in some places we’re seeing sales tax revenues increases, the economy improves. So hopefully over time, we’ll be in a better climate certainly having – we think having a good line up of products as the economy improves really puts as in a good position.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Right. So we should understand the dynamics, if sales tax trends everything gets much, much better over the next few quarters or next few months, does that matter though if the company knows September budget year. Can they change it this year? Is it really will get some dollars in for the next year’s budget?
Rick Smith: That’s probably more of the next year budget for that but I guess my first point was that a lot of the dollars they go to buying TASER are always budgeted. There are some of those assets for put your money and other things you point out as well. And I think that’s going be just – that doesn’t really change. I think better budget climate probably where (inaudible) is that just that money doesn’t get swapped up other places that stays in the place maybe they use it for equipment at that point.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line from Peter Mahon from Dougherty. Please proceed.
Peter Mahon – Dougherty: Good morning guys. Say I just wanted to dig into the X2 product a little bit. You know, how does that product from a margin perspective impact the X26? You said you were pricing a little bit south of $1,000 a handle and the X26 right now is running probably in the ballpark of somewhere between 700 and 800. Have you elected to lower the price of your X26 with the launch of the X2?
Rick Smith: No.
Peter Mahon – Dougherty: Okay. So essentially the – from the X26 perspective, the margin in makeup will remain the same, is the X2 margin make up very similar to that?
Rick Smith: Yeah. Similar on a percentage basis, obviously with a higher price points the dollar margins per unit or less would be a little better for us.
Peter Mahon – Dougherty: Right. Okay. Got it. And then, Dan I just wanted to confirm a couple of housekeeping questions with you, you said that the Arizona tax that was $100,000 item correct?
Dan Behrendt: That’s correct.
Peter Mahon – Dougherty: Okay. Now in terms of that SG&A, you guys, it was relatively flat sequentially at 9.3 million, is there anything that you guys can do, should we see a dramatic change in that SG&A numbers throughout the year or we kind of reach the bottom in kind of our cost savings or kind of how should we think about that as the year unfolds?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. I think that the heavy left on the cost savings is really behind us. We did make some really pretty significant structural changes last year to head count. Certainly, we’re going to look for stability to be sufficient effective and we’re not – we haven’t stopped those efforts. But I think the big dramatic improvement is behind us. I think at this point, I’d like to look at SG&A sort of another leveragable line of the P&L that as we – if we’re effective in growing the business that we’ll see that SG&A as a percentage of sales come down and hit the operating income as a percentage of sales go up.
Peter Mahon – Dougherty: Okay. Got it. Great. Thank you. And from the December quarter to the March quarter here, we saw R&D go up on modestly, I assume that has a lot to do with the X2 development. As the year progresses, do you think that we’ll see that number decline? What do we have in the hopper right now that would warrant a $2.5 million to $3 million R&D P&L hit on a quarterly basis and is that the level, what we’re going to see it stay yet or how is that’s going to unfold as the year progresses?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. That’s a good question. I think we’re going kind of see it stay at that range for the rest of this year. I think certainly even with the launch of the products, you continue to do value engineering on the products you’ve launched. There is still a fair amount of investment still happening on the video side of the business and also in EVIDENCE.COM, the software piece of business that you’ve sort of that part never sleeps, even though that we’ve launched the product or we continue to work on new features and capabilities in excess model. So I think that again that’s – that’ll probably say relative at these levels for the rest of this year but again it’s something that is I expect it to leverage. So R&D as a percentage of sales if we’re successful in growing the top line, I do expect to come down on a percentage basis.
Peter Mahon – Dougherty: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Dan Behrendt: Good night.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Thank you. Good morning.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Real quick question and I hop down in another call so I’ve done about half way through. The X2, how do you see that sort of that adoption taking place, the move from the M to the X back a few years ago was pretty rapid actually. I mean, do you see a similar move this time or do you think it will be more muted or sort of how do you think that transition takes place?
Rick Smith: That’s a great question. There are factors on both sides of that. We did see the X26 flip in its first full quarter of production, it was outselling selling the N26. Of course, at that point of time, we’re in a real stronger economic environment and they both use the same cartridges. So people have had a stock at cartridges good, easily deploy some of the new devices as the GPX coincides with N26. The X2, we believe, provides an even more compelling upgrade in terms of its capabilities and the fact that we were able to engineer into something that’s fundamentally with an ounce or two of the X26 that probably officers perspective, it’s a very good compelling upgrade. It is then probably the strongest positive reaction we’ve had to products and focus groups and market testing, certainly extends the X26 in production. So on the plus side, lot of (inaudible) need to do master these for life, customers are looking for compelling reason to upgrade that’s in our favorite. One thing it slowed down is just it does require a transition of other inventory of expendables as well. We are putting programs here is not announced them yet that will create and it’s a compelling trade-in value, with a full conversion programs be able to take their inventory of cartridges and in just in front of that as well as they roll out the X2. So it’s a – and at this point, we really just started to show to customers on a private basis in the last few weeks, we just announced yesterday so it’s a little early to say other than qualitative where we’re getting very positive feedback. So I think we’ll – unfortunately we’re not going to analyze the future holds until it gets here in terms of the actual conversion rate but I’m pretty optimistic.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: And then as far as the X3, are you going to – I guess, kind of keep that around and I guess still offer that kind of now, I guess, making the assumption that that’s not the answer for the upgrade cycle for everybody anyway. Are you going to keep that around or is there more cost associated with doing that than just scrapping it?
Rick Smith: No, we’ll absolutely keep the X3 around. It is our top of the line product particularly for SWAT operators with the Arizona (inaudible) because their guys tend to operate out in remote areas in the state by themselves and having not just one backup but two backup shots. It’s particularly important when your next officer might be half an hour away. We also going to just show a purely up from a marketing perspective that having a pre-product lineup, tends to help people with their decision-making. We got three private people kind of take the one in the middle and now with a higher-priced whole-featured product like the X3 from the top end and the relative price scale between X26, the X2 and X3 but that’s really helps position the X2 as a – for most people, it’s going to be the answer we believe, the right combination of size price and features. And we believe that actually keeping X3 even though it’s probably going to sell in smaller unit volumes and to a more specialized unit that the net effect we should up drive overall sales redemption of the X2.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. What’s the progress in some of the ancillary products the XREP and some of those types of things, anything worth talking about there?
Rick Smith: In the XREP, we are seeing decent interest internationally. The overall impact ammunition space is considerably smaller than the handheld ECDs. I mean, there are number of occasions where at least we’ll roll up and use a shotgun launch, extended range projectile is really pretty small compared to the average patrol use. So one thing that we are doing within the business is trying to focus our resources on doing fewer projects. So you’ll probably see what you will treat the feature of less of these specialized applications of our technology and we’re more focused on projects that have a higher utility across the broadest base of law enforcement. So worth more PC XREP around in our product line up. We’re not investing overly heavily in it or into, for example, a next generation of the XREP in it. We think our resources are better focused. The two big things that can move us from a product perspective of our compelling upgrade cycle that is compelling for the mass patrol officers. And we think we’ve got that right with X2. And then the on-officer video and digital evidence management and so we’re – it’s been mixed impairment I talked about in our annual report, was going through the exercise of sort of acting, okay, what can we be best in the world at, what are the few things that this company should focus on in just doing it in a world class way, it let’s to – I think the right business decisions about focusing on doing fewer things and doing it better.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: For whatever my opinion is worth it, I think that’s the right way to go.
Rick Smith: Well, thank you.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: How would you categorize kind of the tempo or the climate internationally. I think, it’s historically it’s been kind of fits and starts there for a while. France [ph] is going to put (inaudible) everybody and their brother. How would you – I mean, I know they have some of the same budget issues that we have, how would you categorize the receptiveness to the product now versus a couple of years ago or what are the thoughts there?
Rick Smith: Well, I think some of the controversies going down a bit, to be honest, Amnesty International is not as vigorous as they were a few years ago and there is all the controversy in the U.S. and there is a lot of controversy in Canada. I think that is the negatively sort of 1x force to some degree where even the people are really critical in 2005, announced all these devices have replaced modern police (inaudible) and the studies are just beyond compelling about the reduction potential. It’s been a little frustrating that we haven’t seen countries take that next step to go for full deployment on older officers. We’re continuing to have increased competitions on those levels. We’re continuing to have more countries come on and we just had a significant international role in the last couple of weeks here. Over the long haul, we think we are in even better position in this. The international customer base seems to be a bit more risk averse. Anytime you are dealing with national level politics, all that cases, one thing that you really for a bit frankly in the U.K. last year, there was a lot of controversy over the use of the XREP projectile in an unauthorized use in (inaudible). And that lets you a lot of consternation in the media and we actually saw that, I believe that kind of disrupted the normal sales process. I think we’ve kind of passed that now. We’ve gotten things, going to sort it back down into a steady place. So I think we’re actually in a better position than we were several years ago just because time has passed, the days continuing to really surpass – the days continuing to really support technology. In the X2, we’ve even built in some pretty compelling safety features that further reduce the already remote risks of adverse events and we think that can be compelling as well. So I wish I can give you a more direct answer and say we’ve got a couple of countries lined up to find for every officer, but until we get the orders that – we’ve got countries talking about it for years and I share your frustration with (inaudible) situation, we’re quite able to get that ball pass the goal line, but we are – we believe we will in the next 12, 18 months see some significant, very significant international orders on the (inaudible).
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. And then one last question, you talked about the SG&A line, the R&D line is that damn good, is it just kind of level that you guys are looking at? Is there any ramp for anything or does it ramp down for anything or how should we think about that?
Rick Smith: I think I have still pretty talked about these models. I think it is just kind of range you’re going to see for the least of rest of this year. There is still some valid engineering to do on some of the new products. We still have our investments in EVIDENCE.COM and our apps, the video products that we are making. So I think this is just kind of reasonable level for at least for the rest of 2011.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: All right. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Rick Smith: All right. Thanks, Steve. Okay. Well, we run almost an hour here. I’d like to thank everybody for your time. I still got a large list that stayed throughout the Q&A to an extending time for us. We’ll look forward to our next call in July. We will be able to talk about on the initial adoption of the X2, you’ll know the answers to some of the questions that were asked today about the future. It’s an exciting year ahead. So thanks for your support, the shareholders. We appreciate the opportunity you have given us to work with some of the finest customers in the world and we’d encourage all of you to come up for our shareholder meeting here in May 26. Come, see the building, see some of the automation equipment. We’ve got some of the new stuff already in production, it’s really world class. And we look forward to meeting every one of our shareholders. So thank you all and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith – CEO and Co-Founder Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts:  Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company 
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2010 TASER International Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Regina and I will be your operator today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to our host for today’s event, Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. You may proceed sir.
Rick Smith: Thank you. And thanks everybody for joining us this morning. As is the norm, I will turn over to our CFO Dan Behrendt to first read the Safe Harbor statement, and then we’ll get started.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing accounts; expansions of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsements of key opinion leaders in law enforcement community; the level of product technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of our markets in which we compete and accompanying demand for our products; potential delays international and domestic orders; implementation risks of manufacturing automation; risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths; media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injure and deaths; and the negative impact this could have on sales; product quality risks; potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependent on sole and limited source of suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risk of government investigation regulations; TASER product tests and reports; dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I’ll turn it back over to Rick Smith.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. Okay, again thanks for joining us to everybody to look back at 2010, but more importantly looking forward in 2011. As is no secret, 2010 was a challenging year in general and particularly for our customers in municipal law enforcement. Going back to 2009, the stimulus program was in full swing in ‘09 and we had a record year that year. What it became clear in 2010 that the stimulus spend was not going to continue, really what happened was some necessary restructuring in the cost structure of many governments and particularly municipal agencies that was forestalled from ‘09, there were prop up operations with stimulus spending, 2010 was the year to that the music stopped and everybody had to find its share. Then we did a particularly tough year to be selling capital equipment into frankly paramilitary agencies that have a very tight bond of brotherhood in one of the agencies looking going through staffing cuts, they will go to extra lengths to try to preserve the jobs of their men and women at arms. And in those environments trying to sell new equipment and new capabilities is exceedingly difficult. And frankly we don’t dispute to be priorities of our customers were very close with that community. I would say that 2011 is a bright new day in our opinion. Our distribution network is giving its very positive signs. Our discussions of law enforcements, it seems that many agencies have been through the restructuring or at least they are in the midst of it now. And by the midpoint of the year, we believe that we’re seeing a fundamental shift where agencies will be coming out of this staff cutting mode. And as they do, they will be facing up to equipment shortfall, shortage in cartridges, outdated equipment that constitutes for life, there will be pent-up demand. And we believe that as we come up to the backend of this, our customers as well knowing how painful it is to go through staffing cuts, are going to be more likely to focus on investing in efficiency systems, improving the efficiency in our workforce rather than just staffing right back up immediately. And our core systems both TASER devices and the new AXON and EVIDENCE.COM makes dramatic improvements in agency performance on a cost savings and return on investment basis. So we believe that positions us very well for the coming market conditions. In 2010, some specific highlights. One thing to point out, at the end of the year we saw our first major order for the TASER X3 for over a 1,000 units by the Arizona State Department of – I’m sorry the Arizona Highway Patrol, Department of Public Safety. Again we saw they finally were able to free up some budget dollars to make investment in upgrading their equipment. And over the course of the year, we actually were able to just start begin to drive some upgrades, the trend that we believe we’ll be able to continue and will be a major strategic focus in 2011. We also saw the launch of EVIDENCE.COM and AXON after a multiyear investment cycle. Not only in the U.S., but also in New Zealand that adopted our TASER CAMs and EVIDENCE.COM on a nationwide basis. I’ll talk more when we come back after the break, looking 2010 to talk more about our status in program forward with those exciting products. The Texas Department of Public Safety went full deployment after a multiyear sales engagement and test and evaluation program, with around 2,700 X26s, one of our larger packs, one of our larger deployment this year. We also successfully defended our intellectual property with a patent infringement case that we took all the way through, well it actually didn’t quite go to trial we want on pre-motion or pretrial motions, some re-judgment in infringements against Stinger Systems, a company that was violating several of our patent. That company was effectively dissolved in the Florida State equivalency of bankruptcy’s proceedings. We believe that is very strong message that TASER will defend our intellectual property. Its core to our business, its core to our mission and we believe we have the capabilities to do so very effectively. Finally we did – we took some important measures to streamline our cost structure in 2010. Again it was a bit of a tough year. At the top line we saw 16% decline in revenue, but due to some of the rigorous steps that we took in streamlining our processes and our expense structure, by the end of the year we were able to end in the fourth quarter a breakeven on a GAAP basis on obviously significant lower sales than the year before. But perhaps more importantly we were able to generate almost $300 million in cash from operations. We believe that has positioned us as we move into 2011, and as we obviously work on bringing the top line back to and above historical levels that the business is really positioned to be able to leverage increases in sales to consistent cash earnings and hopefully we’ll see that leverage generate throughout a GAAP basis as well. So before I move into talking about 2011, I’m going to hand over to our CFO Dan Behrendt to give a little more detail about 2010.
Dan Behrendt: Okay, thanks Rick. So I’ll start with the results for the fourth quarter. Revenues as Rick said for the fourth quarter were $22.9 million. This is down approximately $8.2 million from the prior year adjusted revenues, which were impacted by of the $3.5 million deferral related to the X26 training program that we started with the introduction of the X3 Electronic Control Device. The decrease in sales versus the prior year quarter was primarily driven by clear individually significant orders especially to our international customers, and the way it’s been getting the AXON [ph] in the market as well as the reduction in stimulus funding for law enforcement equipment that we saw in 2010 versus the prior year 2009, where we saw a much higher stimulus funding for our products. Total year sales for 2010 were $86.9 million. This represents a 16% reduction from 2009. The gross margins for the fourth quarter were $11.8 million, or 51.7% of sales are down 7.2% as a percentage of sales. This was really one of the bigger impacts and drivers for that reduction is the fact that we’re now including $1.1 million of software-as-a-service datacenter costs and software maintenance costs into the cost of goods sold line. This presents about 4.8% of sales. So that’s a big part of that reduction, because we’re now including those costs up in the cost of goods sold. The remaining 2.5% decline is really driven mostly by decreased leverage on our fixed manufacturing overhead costs, with a lower sales level this year. We are seeing improvements in our direct manufacturing costs specifically in labor. The automation is really starting to have a positive impact on our margins and seeing the efficiencies related to some of the greenbelt projects we’ve started during 2010. Moving onto SG&A expenses. SG&A expenses for the quarter were $9.3 million. This is down a $0.5 million from the $9.8 million in the prior year. SG&A as a percentage of sales were about 40.8% of sales compared to 31.5% of sales in the prior year. Again it’s all driven by leverage because we are seeing reduction in the net SG&A cost due to some of the cost restructurings we’ve taken during the year. Most of that reductions from the prior year is driven by lower salaries, benefits, and stock compensation. The growth research and development expenses for fourth quarter were $2.5 million. This is actually down $3.1 million compared to 2009, decrease is driven by the fact that EVIDENCE.COM datacenter costs were now up and cost of goods sold at $1.1 million but also just structural changes were reduce the overall spend in research and development as some of the projects that we started previously are through most of the development and we’re seeing a reduction in expenses. We’ll continue to focus on our cost controls to making sure that expenses are managed as we gear towards returning to both near-term and long-term benefit for the company and getting leverage out of the fixed costs of the company. With the – on a cash basis, with the wrap up of our software development team in California and the resulting increase in 123R stock compensation and also the depreciation costs by the higher capital expenditures over the past couple of years especially the automation equipment put in place, we believe it makes sense to look at operating income on both a GAAP basis as well as traditional on a cash adjusted basis. The non-cash P&L expenses have grown at point where it makes sense to break them out. So on a GAAP basis, we actually had a pre-tax loss of $31,000 and a net of tax loss of a $197,000 or $0.00 loss per share both basic and dilutes, but on a cash basis, we did see income for the quarter of $2.9 million. For the full-year, we saw revenues of $86.7 million which is down $17 million from the prior year. Again we talked about the impacts of the economic downturn on municipal spending the reductions in stimulus funding. All those things had a similar impact on the total year-over-year sales. Gross margins for the year were $45.4 million or 52.2% of sales. Again the impact of the EVIDENCE.COM datacenter costs are impacting gross margins by $3.2 million for the year or 3.6% of sales. We’re also seeing lower leverage on the fixed costs, but again as we for – successful [ph] in growing the top line we’ll see that leverage return to the indirect manufacturing costs, improve gross margins. SG&A expenses of $39.1 million have decreased $4.4 million. Again attributed to the cost control measures we undertook during the year, we saw reductions in payroll costs versus the prior year of $1.2 million, reduced consulting costs by a $1 million, reduced professional fees by roughly $850,000, and travel is down $350,000. So we’re seeing dramatic impact to those cost restructuring. So we’ve taken during the year and we’re seeing that by up over than SG&A line and R&D. Our growth R&D expenses for the year were $12.7 million. That’s down $9.7 million on a gross basis versus the prior year, driven by a $5 million reduction in indirect supply, tooling and scrap charges. Again those we had much higher expenses in those areas last year due to the product development costs for AXON and the X3. We saw a $2.3 million reduction in salaries and benefits following the headcount reductions and a $1.2 million reduction in consulting expenses as volume development effort of EVIDENCE.COM and scale down. The growth $0.20 [ph] in 2009, R&D expenses are offset by $1.3 million and $2.3 million respectively at capitalized salaries and consulting fees for the development of EVIDENCE.COM. 2010 adjusted operating income of $5.8 million is the result of adding back the 123R charges and the depreciation amortization charges of $11 million. This compares to $8.5 million in the adjusted operating income for the prior year. We had a GAAP operating loss for the year of $5.1 million compared to $79,000 in 2009, and the net loss for the year is $4.4 million or $0.07 on both the basic and diluted basis. Moving onto the balance sheet. We just finished the quarter as Rick mentioned with $42.7 million of cash and investments. We actually had about $2.5 million increase in cash in the fourth quarter, mostly driven by the cash earnings. Overall our cash is down $2.8 million from the prior year, but considering the sales levels for the year and the investments we’ve made in the business, I think that’s a good result for the year. Accounts receivable of $13.5 million, its down $1.8 million from the prior year. Again mostly due to the timing collections and lower quarterly sales in the fourth quarter of 2010 versus the prior year. Inventory finished the year at $17.8 million. This is up $2.7 million from the prior year. Again that’s really driven by the inventories for the AXON and also video devices is the biggest driver there. Prepaid and other assets of $2.9 million are up $1.3 million, mostly driven by income tax receivables and other long-term assets. The investment in property and equipment of $35.9 million is down $2.8 million. This is really driven by the fact that we’re – we’ve got $7 million of depreciation expenses now. We’ve offset that with some new investments $1.9 million for production equipment in computer equipment for this year and another $2.2 million of capitalized EVIDENCE.COM (inaudible) development costs. And then we finished the year with total assets of $136.1 million. On the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable of $4.6 million is down $1.8 million from the prior year, really driven by the timing of differences in AP check runs as well as we had year-end 2009, we had the final payments for automated cartridge lines still obtainable at year-end, those were paid in the first quarter of 2010. Accrued liability is just $3.8 million, decrease to $0.5 million due to decreased used tax, decreased bonuses due to lower sales and then decreased legal accruals. The total deferred revenue is $7.7 million is up slightly $67,000 from 2009 related to the training credits and the extended warranty sales. Total liabilities is $18.6 million and finished the quarter with and the year with $117.6 million of stockholders equity. Again we’ve got no long-term debt. We continue to have liquidity to fund the R&D and operations as we move into 2011 here. On the cash flow, the company did have cash from operations for the year of $784,000 compared to $10.1 million to the prior year. The per year cash from operations is driven by number of factors including the cash operating income of $5.8 million. We did have another offset by $1.8 million – actually to the $1.8 million is receivables, $2.1 million of non-cash charges for inventory and warranty reserves. And those were offset by a $4 million increased inventory, a $1.7 million increase to prepaid other assets and a reduction of AP at $3.3 million. Again a significant cash generated from operations. The prior year was driven by the cash earnings of $8.5 million and various changes to the operating assets and liabilities with the most significant being the increase in inventory to prior year of $2.4 million. Net cash used by investing activities in 2010 was $4.5 million compared to $11.7 million in the prior year. Again the decrease is driven by the decline in production in computer equipment purchase this year versus last year. Again last year we saw the purchase of the automation equipment as well as a significant amount of capitalized cost relating to EVIDENCE.COM development. We did finished the year with $42.7 million of cash. And we’re confident that our strong liquidity will improvise for the means to manage the business. During this challenging times, we’re also obviously focused on growing our business throughout 2011. Well so now I’ll go run through the sales statistics as well as before I turn it back over to Rick Smith. The X26 units for the fourth quarter were 10,222. We sold 3,792 M26 units. We sold 1,106 X3 units. We sold 3,909 C2 units. 1,535 TASER CAMs, and our cartridge sales for the fourth quarter were 319,459. And with that I’ll turn it back to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. All right, I’m going to talk about 2011 now. In particular, I want to focus on the company’s top priorities. So we’re going to talk about five key priorities for 2011. Our first priority is efficiency and profitability in the business. So I mentioned before the break including timely [ph] efforts that we’ve taken to streamline our cost structure in a declining revenue environment this past year. It was generate $3 million in cash in our sales in last quarter. We believe that’s a trend that we can continue well into 2011 from a cash generation standpoint. We are coming off a large investment cycle, you’ll recall in late ‘07 and in to ‘08, we talked about the opportunity we saw with the emergence of video having a data storage and management challenges that video present to professional agencies like law enforcement. We see that as an important opportunity, an important trend and we decided to fundamentally invest the profit of the business over the few years into building a software-as-a-service and hardware capability that would enable us and position us to where the market was going. We’re skating to where we see the puck [ph] few years ahead. In intervening years, we did have a global financial crisis, but as I think I mentioned before, we believe that we’ve taken the right steps to position ourselves very well as we come out of this cycle both in the investment standpoint of TASER and from the global economic cycle perspective. And I’m also pretty proud that if you look at, we’ve been fundamentally able to do this or fund this new business opportunity out of cash from operations and maintain a small balance sheet with fundamentally no debt, as well as starting to return now to a cash generation type mode. Another thing I think you’ll see is in our product development capabilities have really matured. If you look at the frankly massive increase in R&D spending that occurred from ‘06, ‘07, ‘08, and ‘09. I think that much capability made to investment cycle like a learning opportunity through organization as well. And frankly you don’t hit the ball right on a 100% of your investments, but what you do is you learn important organizational capabilities, and now we’re able to take the advantage of that and streamline it to where I believe what you’ll see in 2011 and beyond is comparable or even greater levels of product innovations at significantly reduced spend levels. So I’ve got some investors are asking me about with some concern about the sequential decline in overall R&D spend. And my answer to that is we’re not cutting back on the pace or capability that – capabilities you were developing for our customers which is really able to mature and streamline those operations as an organization. So it’s that we’re getting a lot more (inaudible), I think we’ll see significant dividends from that in the future. We’ve also spent significant efforts on formalizing our voice of the customer integration. Last year we held our first formal innovation summit where we brought together engineers, who brought our company, our sales force and various representatives of our customer base to better understand our customers need, and it turned it to be a highly engaging event, very instructive for our engineers to become much more tightly integrated with our customers. We coupled that with a number of quantitative tools that we’re using to gain widespread quantitative data about customer technology use, the challenges they are facing and their foremost pressing need. So between a variety of qualitative and quantitative tools, we believe that we’re really generating a product innovation and deployment machine here at TASER which is tightly coupled with the needs of our customers and we’re getting better and better at it and that bodes well in my opinion into the future. We’re also focused on finding new sources of revenue while we’re streamlining our past. One example there is the Wildlife TASER that we announced this quarter. We’ve surely seen some humorous input on the Wildlife TASER, one of my favorite shows over at the Colbert Report did a fantastically funny segment on the Wildlife TASER. But that itself is really no joke. We were able to develop new Wildlife TASER for probably less than $20,000 in total. It was some far more changes and some testing required, not a huge lift but, it was something that many of our customers were asking for in the law enforcement across North America and really around the world, how – in many cases animal control segments that have to deal with wild animals in some cases. Particularly in areas in Alaska, there are towns where a significant safety issue is bears that come into the town for feeding purposes. And those wildlife specialists are charged with trying to find ways to keep the bears out of populated areas. And they destroy a lot of animals every year. And frankly people get killed and injured as well. And it’s been related to back to us that the Wildlife TASER technology we’ve developed is uniquely capable not only incapacitating a wild animal so it could be tranquilized and moved, but perhaps more importantly and more practically animals that had been hit with the Wildlife TASER, there is an important physiological effect where those animals do not return to the scene where the TASER was used. And that is the fundamental goal of these wildlife control specialists is to keep large predators out of human populated areas. Is it a huge market? No, but we’ve had significant interest from around the world from African countries where they have some very large animals that represent certain challenges in dealing with (inaudible) population of those animal. It fits our distribution channels into these government agencies. And it’s a nice opportunity that with a relatively small spend, we believe the ROI will be very healthy on that project. And I’ve been frankly quite surprised with the level of real interest that has gained in wildlife control markets. We’re focused on careful market testing and growth. At this point, the Protector product that we invested in last year. We introduced that at CES. We are showing it now and what I’ve characterize it is at test market mode. We have tremendous publicity and interest on that product. At this point we are looking very carefully at our go-to-market strategy. We are not going to make heavy investments to try to build a consumer distribution channel, as you all know that can be very expensive proposition, but we’re focused on tweaking features and interacting with customers and we’re not going to invest heavily so we have a proven model. And at this point the distraction management market is one of significant importance at the highest levels of government, but it is a fairly immature market from the perspective of there is not a significant revenue base out in that marketplace on a competitive basis for our products yet. So we’re going to take that carefully and manage it in line with the rigorous principles of making sure that we are focused on profitability and innovate and operational excellence this year. Our second primary focus is the AXON and EVIDENCE.COM sales ramp. Now AXON, one of our accomplishments in 2010 is that that product is now commercially available. We have a number of test agencies that began in late ‘09. Some agencies that purchased in early 2010. Earnest sales efforts really began in the third quarter. We are finding that the sales cycle is longer than we had initially anticipated. It is more complex solution sale than our typical hardware sale, and there is some maturation that’s occurring in our sales processes and pipeline management. Over the last year we’ve put it in a much more rigorous sales management tools. We are – at this point we’re finding some of the features in partnership with our customers. This is a fairly complex end-to-end system. And frankly at this point one of the biggest issues we’re working through are ergonomic issues. And we have several new mounting systems coming online this quarter. When you’re asking somebody to wear something on their head, comfort becomes a very primary concern. And we continually iterating and what we’re finding is the more options we have available every individual is different, some people want to wear it on hat mounts, some will wear it on a headband, some will wear it on glasses, some will want to wear it mounted on a collar or somewhere else in the upper torso, but we’re iterating through those. The important point is that the value proposition we’ve put forth is very well received. And we’re seeing near universal acceptance that these types of systems are coming. It is rare, in fact I cannot recall a customer that we’ve met with that is disputed that this is the future. They all recognize that video systems are coming, but they believe they will be standard issue equipment for every officer at some point in the future, obviously there are some different viewpoints as to how long that process will take, but we’re seeing consistent confirmation that we are on the right path and we’re on a growth phase. Let me give you one sample quote from one of our customers. And this will give you an idea of why I am so enthusiastic about the AXON and EVIDENCE.COM business segment. Quote, we have been using AXON system for several months now and are extremely pleased with it. First of all, it bolsters our case preparation with strong audio and visual evidence. It will lower cost by reducing court time. Records and evidence staff time, IT staff time and city and county attorney prep time. It has also reduced the number of false allegations against our officers. When complaints are initiated, we invite the complainants to come in and view the AXON video with us. So far no one has taken us up on that invitation, plus after discussing with our current policy and procedures concerning internal investigations, our city attorney told us that if video captures the event that the video can stand as the formal investigation. Under those circumstances it avoids the entire need for a statement of allegation, girdy [ph], officer witness interviews, etcetera. We’ve been able to do that twice already. One was an excessive use of force compliant. The other was an improper staff in search of a vehicle. Both times the videos clearly showed the officers did everything right. The AXON has been a great tool for us and by the way TASER has been a tremendous business partner to work with, end quote. We’ve also this past year had the opportunity to build not only our internal staff, our network of advisors, we all saw Hadi Partovi joined our Board as our newest Board member. Hadi Partovi was the founder of internet, I’m sorry he is the founder of Tellme Networks that was purchased by Microsoft a few years ago for little under $800 million. He was also a founder together with his brother of internet LinkExchange in the mid-1990s, also very successful venture. And he is one of the earliest advisers to Facebook and he is very well connected throughout the tech community, his last venture iLike was purchased my MySpace few years ago. We also have established advisory relationships with a number of other folks in the software-as-a-service space. And we’re getting very positive feedback from those advisors that there is some patience required when selling a software-as-a-service business. And particularly one that couples with a hardware solution, that the sales cycle tends to be long, quite a few things tend to have a hockey stick like adoption curve once you breakthrough a certain level of performance. And again based on the feedback we’re getting about the capability, we still have work to do in terms of we’re finding the exact features down but our core value propositions are very well received and the core infrastructure is stable enterprise rate platform that is positioned for growth. So at the end of the day this has been a not an insubstantial investment both in terms of time and focus of personnel and financial resources, however it clearly has the potential to be comparable to our frankly significantly larger than our core business. So we continue to believe that in the time when the market are that we believe this will have been as we look back on it in a few years, an excellent opportunity for the business to have moved into that leverages our core business relationships and law enforcement, our core training capabilities, our hardware innovation and our now software development capabilities we’ve built in the last few years. So AXON and EVIDENCE.COM lot of promising things happening there. Our third area of focus in the international space. International orders again were over I believe 20% of revenue in 2010. We’ve recently announced a number of additional orders in the international space. We continue to see a very robust pipeline with a significant opportunities ahead of us in 2011. Our fourth area of focus is really developing a world class people advancement system, our human capital systems had become much more rigorous in the past year. Everybody who went through TASER’s interview in recruiting process a few years ago found it was fairly informal. It has become very rigorous in fact again Hadi Partovi one of our advisors has been recently charged with helping Facebook to establish their Washington State presence and audience [ph] one of his real areas of expertise is in human capital systems and frankly Facebook and Google are considered best in class. And probably before actually just in the last few months one of our latest recruits a Stanford Mechanical Engineering who’d gone through recruiting at Google, when we did the interviews, we didn’t post our interview process really get back to us said, he found the TASER interview and selection process, everybody rigorous as Google. Something that we take tremendous pride in hearing that back. So we’re recruiting throughout the organization, particularly the engineering and through entry point levels in the company planting the seeds for the trees that will grow into really up to this company have the right systems and people to grow over the long-term as well as we’ve been spending a lot of time in the last six months on our internal review feedback and people development processes, because obviously the people of any business are the core. And so we’re really putting the right systems in place to grow and develop our people and to continue to recruit best in class. So again those are things that we could believe will lead to long-term leverage in the business as we continue to improve the rigor of our execution. And finally, the fifth major focus for this year is driving an upgrade cycle in our core ECD business. We saw – we ended the year with the order from the Arizona State Patrol upgrading from their 26s to X3s. Last year we did announce the end of life of the M26 in North America. We did see that that was did help many agencies to upgrade their systems to the X26s. We do have a significant portion of our installed base with weapons that were bought in 2003, 2004, 2005. They are recognizing that those devices are now over five years old and what they now usually use is nobody is hearing a cell phone they had five years ago, electronics do have finite lives. And we’re very much focused on working with our customer base to bring them the right solutions and opportunities to upgrade that hardware. And we believe that has the opportunity to be significant in 2011 and beyond. So at a very high level, our focus is on returning to profitability in 2011 by finding new sources of revenue, both irretrievably like the Wildlife TASER, with relatively low level of investment, repurposing some of our technology to adjacent market, finding relatively low less way to create value that take advantage of our distribution channel in our existing markets. And doing this in a rigorous way that’s very much focused on efficient execution with good cost controls so that we can grow the top line and get the leverage in at the bottom line that we believe we’ll make this a very exciting business on a financial basis the same way that is exciting I think today on a promising innovation basis for the product that are coming out of our pipeline. And with that we’ll take a few moments to take some questions. And then we’ll send everybody on their day.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Gentlemen your first question today comes from the line of Eric Wold with Merriman Capital.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Hi good morning.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Good morning. So question on the kind of the replacement cycle that were kind of waiting for and to get a start again kind of in the second half as year when budgets open up. Do you think you would need to do anything kind of discounting or kind of trade-in promotions to get that going or you’re hearing with regard from agencies on that, and then would that be advantageous to keep those used devices off the street kind of get them in your hands and eliminate that the issue?
Dan Behrendt: Yes. Eric, this is Dan Behrendt. That’s a good question, I think what we saw in 2010 is that we did have to give in some cases some small trade-in credits, I think it’s probably more of an emotional issue to give the customers some value for a product that its fielded. And would that that significant I think it just helped us sort of drive things forward. I think we’re seeing more and more customers just acknowledge the fact that these products are at the end of their useful lives. And I think the fact that we’ve got a product that’s got such a high ROI for our customers I think helps, because in cases like in Houston, where the chief went to city council, they used the fact that this is a product that had a higher ROI as a part of the justification to start upgrading their products over the next couple of years. So I think, we feel very good about that process as we go forward and the potential in that affords the business.
Rick Smith: Yes, this is Rick. Let me comment on that as well, I think your point about having some trade-in credits to get some of the older devices out of circulation. There is merit to that as well. But in terms of the driving factor, we believe the bigger factor in 2011 will simply be frankly the fact that the bogyman of pending staff cuts is getting behind many of our agency customers on a time basis, which allows them to then start to focus more on okay, we’ve been through the adjustments now, what do we need to do though, a lot of the capital equipment is just really in need of upgrade including their TASER devices. So that’s sort of the key and then we have pulse [ph] different types of trade-in programs overtime and that will likely remain part of our strategy to help to drive that process.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: A follow-up on that, are you likely to see the X26 users that are looking are kind of getting towards end of life on their device, you’ve stick with the X26 and kind of replace that or are you getting feedback so they actually are considering a greater percentage moving up to the X3?
Rick Smith: We’re seeing both. And we’re focused on from a pipeline perspective making sure that we’ve got a suite of product with compelling in terms of upgrades. Obviously we’d like to bring our customers up to greater capabilities rather than simply replacing what they’ve (inaudible) wears out, and just get them to useful lines [ph] with the same platforms. But we’re seeing interest in both spaces.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Okay, and then lastly looking at the international markets, not looking for comments on specific countries or agencies, but maybe give a sense of where you are now versus maybe a year ago in terms of various trails going on with some of these countries that maybe close to a decision. What is the outlook look now versus maybe how closer lot of these places.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan Behrendt. I think the really the focus has been really in making sure that pipelines is robust as possible. So we’re – a year ago we were talking internal, externally about maybe just a few opportunities, I think that number has certainly increased over the year, and really focusing on leveraging our distribution network and making sure that we’ve got a lot more things in the pipeline at any given time. And I do feel that from a pipeline perspective the pipeline is certainly both the number of opportunities and the relative size is certainly better versus the prior year.
Rick Smith: I would say as well we made some investments over the past few years in putting some sales offices abroad. We have been experimenting with trying different types of approaches in different countries. One example was actually putting a full time trainer into a country in order to help bolster the success rate of their deployment of product and the end-user experience. We’ve put more of a sales oriented employee into another market. We’ve used consultants in various markets in contrast to the typical rule of giving exclusive distributors to being more sort of governmentally aid on [ph] type resources as opposed to sort of product resellers. And I think part of reason we’re seeing a more robust pipeline. We do tend to see the international markets have a multiyear development cycle. So from the time you make those investments, until you start to see the return is we would just say they are probably 24 months or so and.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, certainly 18 to 24 months which is part of why we want to have that big pipeline.
Rick Smith: So we’re feeling pretty good about the international opportunity in 2011.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Perfect. And then final question, if I look at the breakdown you gave Dan in terms of the units of each – various products in kind of you used kind of recent ASPs but I’m still getting short on the $22.9 million putting to that. Was there any large other revenue in the quarter or how large was the revenue from the other recent products like your XREP and the Shockwave etcetera?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I think probably the bulk of the difference Eric, is going to be driven by like extended warranties, training, things like that. That’s actually got informal the fairly material part of the business. So there is in any given quarter there is $1.5 million to $2 million worth of warranty in training, and out of warranty replacement sales in any given quarter.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty and Company.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Thank you. Can you give us a little more sense around what you anticipate the run rate to be in a couple of your operating expense lines, I know we did see a big reduction in R&D for the full-year but it bumped up sequentially, despite I guess a reclassification of certain of those EVIDENCE.COM expenses from R&D to cost of sales. So I am wondering if you could talk a little bit about what caused the increase there despite that re-class and what we should expect going forward? And then maybe also if you could just provide similar color on general and administrative expenses? And then finally on your gross margin rate, again I thought perhaps with that re-class, the margin rate may have been a little lower sequentially, but it was up sequentially. Any observations you can share on that?
Dan Behrendt: Sure. So good question, this is Dan Behrendt. So on the R&D side, the probably the biggest difference from Q3 to Q4 is we had more of the software kind of rework type expenses get re-classed to up in to cost of sales and Q3 versus Q4 majority of our software development efforts were really sort of new features in traditional development. So that amount of the re-class of the cost of goods sold was significantly lower. On a total spend base, it’s just really kind of pocket shift between R&D and gross margin. The expenses that we saw for Q4 – that’s it’s going to be around that range as we go into 2011 probably certainly actually little bit higher but on a run rate basis, it’s not going to be dramatically different than that. As far as SG&A, it’s kind of same thing obviously there is fluctuations in SG&A quarter-to-quarter depending on activities, trade shows. Second quarter we all did see higher SG&A because the cost related to training a (inaudible) and doing a shareholders meeting and stuff. But overall, we’re really focused on keeping the cost down in 2011 to make sure we’re getting leverage back to the model. On the gross margin side, I think leverage – we’re going to continue to work to get more efficient on the operation side of business. We’ve done a lot of quality training and greenbelt trainings. We’ve got a number of those projects we think will bear fruits in 2011. But there is still – especially with the automation equipments some of the other investments, there is fair amount of fixed costs. So really the leverage is going to be a big driver to the reference margins as well as we go into the current year. So we do feel that we’re really well positioned, I think that if we get start getting some traction and start seeing some sales increases, I think we’re well positioned for profitable growth there.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty and Company: Thank you.
Dan Behrendt: Sure.
Rick Smith: Great. Go ahead.
Operator: No, I was just going to turn the call over to you. Go ahead.
Rick Smith: Okay. All right, well again we’d like to thank everybody for spending your time with us this morning. Have a fantastic day. We’ll be back to talk to you in, I believe April, and hear us to a fantastic 2011. So thank you very much and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for your participation in today’s teleconference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-27 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – CEO Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts: Mark Strouse – J.P. Morgan Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Eric Wold – Merriman Peter Mahoney [ph]
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the second quarter 2010 TASER International earnings conference call. My name is Chandelle, and I will be your facilitator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of today’s conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Rick Smith, CEO of TASER International. Please proceed.
Rick Smith:
 :
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Good morning. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of the law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing accounts; expansions of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in law enforcement community; the level of product technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and the accompanying demand for our products; potential delays international and domestic orders; implementation risks of manufacturing automation; risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths; media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injure and deaths; negative impact this could have on sales; product quality risks; potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependent on sole and limited source suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risk of government investigation regulations; TASER product test reports; dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Okay. So for the quarter, net sales were $19.1 million, which was a decrease of about 12%, compared to second quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily driven by fewer significant international orders. We have been looking after a number, we got a number of very significant international orders we've been working. We’re not able to get them disburse in the quarter. We do believe that we’ll get at least one or two of those significant orders in the back half of the year, which could have a significant impact on the business. But as we talked about historically, these large orders typically have longer sales cycles, just there's a lot of political things happening over to get them closed. We remain positive on those, just, unfortunately couldn't bring them in this quarter. With lower sales level, of course, our margins declined, with less leverage on the lower sales and also some inventory obsolescence. You all recall in the fourth quarter we brought the new automated assembly line, we’ve continued to run some of our manual lines in parallel as we converted over, built up inventory and made sure that we had stability in automation line. So this last quarter we completed, that changeover and there were some inventories and safety stocks that became obsolete that are not compatible with the new automated equipment. So long-term we believe, obviously this will improve margins, efficiencies and our cost structure, but the changeover, I see, there’s some cost involved in new inventory obsolescence. SG&A is down 80% year-over-year even with the restructuring charges. We did, in the last quarter, use some downsizing within the company. We executed reduction reports across our various locations. At this point, we reduced – if you look at salary and benefits versus the high watermark in Q3 of last year, our annual run rate is down by about $5 million, just in salary and benefits and of course, we're looking at other places in SG&A as where we're doing some belt tightening to make sure that we can return the company to profitability as soon as possible. Our R&D expenses are down about 30% over the prior year, as we're streamlining our efficiencies and some of the major projects are winding down due to completion. We're now into Alpha [ph] for early market launch, so lot of the heavy expense associated with the development of those projects is behind us. So, again, these steps have been painful, but they've been the right thing to do. We've sized the company to where I still believe we can get profitability, even at lower sales levels and as we continue to chase some of these larger orders to bring the topline back to where it was at. The company did generate over $4 million in cash from operating activities, primarily driven by changes in receivables and payables. So there we are seeing that great job really focusing on cash management. So we end with cash and equivalents back over $40 million and we had no debt. Additionally, on the litigation front, we did win a summary judgment against Stinger Systems in a claim for literal infringement, one of our key waveform patents. The trial for damages is the next step in this process. However, this may be delayed since we just found out this week that Stinger made an assignment for the benefit of their creditors, which is our understanding this is fundamentally a liquidation proceeding under fluid law that the company's assets have been assigned to an overseer who is now liquidating those assets for the benefit of creditors. As to whether or not the company can come out of this liquidation proceeding and resume operations, that's unclear. But at this point, we've obviously won a big step in litigation protecting our FD with the filings of literal infringement, but we're going to have to see what happens with the company before we would proceed to a trial whether there's going to be a company there or not. So with that, let me pass over Dan to talk about some of the financial metrics and then I'll be back to talk about the business overall.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you very much. As Rick said, revenues for Q2 are $19.1 million, which were down approximately $2.7 million or 12.4% from the prior year, mostly driven by a push out of some of the large international orders, which originally scheduled to be completed during the second quarter. International sales were 16% of our sales in Q2 of 2010 versus 19% of sales in Q2 of 2009. Domestically, we also experienced some weakness in our law enforcement business in the second quarter, driven by a decrease in the stimulus spending, compared to the first quarter, with the federal and consumer sales also being a little bit lower versus the prior year levels. Gross margins $9.6 million or 50.4% of sales are down 12.5% as percentage of sales from the prior year. The decrease in margins driven by combination of factors including less favorable product and sales mix and creates direct labor cost due to increased use of temporary labor and overtime during the second quarter of 2010. Indirect manufacturing expenses increased in the second quarter of 2010 due to depreciation expense on our cartridge automation production equipment that Rick talked about, as well as depreciation of the tooling costs and other costs associated with the X3 and XRep product lines, as well as some one-time charges for restructuring and obsolete inventory write-offs, like mostly obsolete inventory write-offs were around the cartridge components that were used under manual lines that weren't compatible at the automated line. It was actually cheaper to write-off those components than to continue to run the manual lines. Finally, commercial launch of EVIDENCE.COM during the second quarter began to classify some of the related data center operating costs as costs of goods sold, which impacted gross margins by about 1% in the quarter. This impact was – is expected to increase in the third quarter we see a full quarter of data charges and cost of service delivered, which will actually impact margins by about 3%. Moving on to SG&A, SG&A expenses of about $10 million for the quarter versus $10.8 million in the prior year, the decrease in the second quarter, compared to the same period in 2009 attributed to $372,000 reduction in legal, professional and accounting fees driven by a drop of volume in the legal case activity, $402,000 decrease in consulting and lobbying services, basically due to reductions in marketing and IT related to projects, as we reduce the number of measures reduce costs and source, more to work internally when it’s practical for us. We've also focused on rationalizing our market related spending at tradeshows and advertising, and these reductions in SG&A expense were partially offset by $1.2 million in Q2 of one-time restructuring charges related to reduction in force, as well as litigation settlement expenses for an officer injury claim. Research and development expenses were $3.1 million for the second quarter, which include benefit of $528,000 of capitalized salaries and consulting fees for the EVIDENCE.COM and Protector platforms. Gross research and development costs before the capitalization was $3.6 million. This is actually down $1.5 million over the prior year, mostly driven by a $364,000 decrease in stock compensation expense and $185,000 decrease in indirect supplies and $110,000 decrease in tooling charges due to the reductions in force and decrease in prototype and launch cost associated with the AXON and X3 products, which occurred in the second quarter of 2009. We'll continue to focus on cost controls and as Rick indicated, we are committed to returning to profitability. On a non-GAAP cash basis, operating loss for the quarter was $0.9 million. On a GAAP basis, we had a pre-tax loss of $3.4 million and net of tax loss of $1.4 million for the quarter or $0.02 per share on both the basic and diluted basis. On a year-to-date basis, we saw year-to-date revenues of $43 million, which was down $3.5 million or 7.5% from the prior year, mostly driven by a decrease in the company's international and federal sales. Again, those sales tend to be a little bit lumpier last year we benefited from them being sort of evenly distributed during the year. This year we're seeing a little bit more lumpiness in both of those segments in the business, that's not unexpected but certainly had an impact on the second quarter year-to-date results. But as Rick indicated we expect to have a strong second half. Gross margins of $23.1 million or 53.8% of sales, again this is down versus the prior year levels due to the temporary labor and overtime charges and the one-time charges related to inventory writeoffs and restructuring charges. The $1.3 million increase in indirect manufacturing expenses versus prior year are mostly driven by increased depreciation of $1.3 million of the automation equipment, as well as the production equipment and tooling cost for the new product lines, $0.50 million an increased inventory writeoff charges and including our data center operating charges in this quarter's results. Again, these were partially offset by an increase in the absorption of overhead inventory due to growth in the finished goods inventory during the quarter. SG&A expenses of $20.3 million have decreased $2 million again, driven by about $1 million of reduced consulting and lobbying expenses. $900,000 of professional legal fees reductions and then just general reductions in discretionary spending, as we focused on tight cost controls, these increases were partially offset by $1.2 million related to the one time restructuring charges and a litigation settlement as previously matched up. The gross R&D expenses were $8.5 million year-to-date or down $800,000, driven by significant lower indirect supply tooling and scrap charges of $1.4 million, driven by the new product introductions after AXONS has created the prior year. This is offset by restructuring charges of approximately $600,000 and equipment rent appreciation, computer licenses due to the support of the development efforts. Gross R&D expenses are offset by $1.3 million of capitalized salaries consulting fees for both the development of EVIDENCE.COM and the protector platforms. Adjusted cash operating income is actually $700 positive when we add back 123 R&D depreciation, amortization charges and we had a book loss from operation of $4.4 million. Net loss for the year is $1.9 million or $0.03 a share for both basic and diluted basis. Moving on to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $40.6 million of cash and investments. This is a decrease of $4.9 million for the prior year end due to cash use in operation and investing activities but up sharply from the Q1 balance due to the cash from operations generated in Q2. Accounts receivable $11 million or down $4.4 million from the prior year balance due to increased collection efforts, as well as lower quarterly sales in the second quarter of 2010 versus the fourth quarter of 2009. Inventory of $19.1 million is up $4 million from the prior year balance, we've got – seen an increased inventories for some of the new products like AXON and X3 and also increased our finished good inventory for the X26 product line. Prepaid and other assets $3.4 million are up $2 million mostly driven by income tax receivables and prepaid liability insurance that was paid in January 2010. And our investment in property equipment of $38.8 million is up $1 million from the prior balance of due to $1.9 million of capitalized cloud which is the protector platform and EVIDENCE.COM costs and $1.3 million of new product production equipment and computer equipment offset by depreciation of $3.1 million year-to-date. Full assets at June, they are 137.5 million. And liability side, the balance sheet, we had accounts payable of 4.6 million this is down 1.7 million from the prior balance due to some timing difference in the AP check runs at year end versus the quarter and then the final payments we made on the automated cartridge line that were made in the first quarter which significantly reduced the AP balance. Accrued liability is a 4.2 million in line with year-end levels and ended for revenue of 7.6 million up slightly from year end levels due to the sale of extended warranties and some trading credit deferrals. Total liabilities are $18.9 million and we finished the June with 118.7 million in stockholders equity. Again, we have no long term debt and continue to have plenty of liquidity to operate the business. As we move on to the cash flow, the company had cash use in operations of $2.5 million through June 30th, compared to cash provided by operation of 8.2 million at the prior year. Again for the quarter we generated 4.2 million of cash flow from operations, for the use – the first sick months of 2010; it’s mostly driven by increases in inventory and reduction of AP. The net cash used by investment activities is 3.4 million. Again, this is mostly due to new property equipment assets made up of capitalized cost for EVIDENCE.COM, protector products and some new production and computer equipment. Company ended the period with 40.6 million in cash. Again, we have plenty of liquidity for the business and feel good about our cash balances as we move into the second half of this year. And with that I'd like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Dan. Okay. Speaking of some of the new products, as Dan mention AXON and EVIDENCE.com are now in general release. We have several paying customers at this point. And at last, I believe two weeks ago we had our annual master instructor school we had 130 of the top law enforcement trainers representing about 115 agencies around North America. That kind of number integrated the training exercise we ran there so we can showcase the product; get these thought leaders familiar with how the product actually operates. The response was excellent. Significant majority of the people they indicated they would love to begin using the system. They got the message point that 90% placed outside their vehicle. So the lean part cameras don't really catch the majority of other, anyway of that incident video of an incident, 96% of all complaints were dismissed by federal police. So it's resonating that this will be something to protect officers in the court room the way our products do out on the streets. However, we got our new technology right now in the short term is going to be challenging as many of you can see in a cut back mode. I'm sure you've all seen the headlines that city and government are particularly strapped right now as they're adjusting their budgets to the new fiscal environment where they are no longer projecting and be able to account an significant federal stimulus dollars. So while there's short term restructuring that's happening in our customer base, in the state and local areas, we live along the conducted technology looks very good. We also do expect there will be a longer sales cycle; this is a bit more complex sale because it now includes IT, not just tactical officers the administration of the department of city councils. So at this point we are focused on continuing to build the sales force and on streamlining our customer invitation process so that we can bring more customers in to pilot and online even more efficiently. It is a fairly complex system, there is hardware there is belly software. There is on site Evidence transfer machinery which includes computers with Internet switches, et cetera all connecting through to the copy storage and datacenter that we operate. So given all those moving parts, streamlined so that we can bring many agencies on quickly is where our primary focus is now. We've got our initial customers up and running, they obviously need to go and build pipeline. We were planning to see the CIO magazine plus the TASER for the CIO 100 most influential companies in the IT space this year, are primarily because of the work we're doing with AXON and EVIDENCE.com. Also while you probably saw the press release that Hadi Partovi is going to join our Board of Directors, we are very excited about having Hadi on board. For those who aren’t familiar with his background and didn't read the press release, he was recently the founder of a company called iLike, it was purchased by MySpace. Before that he was the general manager of microsoft.com's, MSN.com for business. Before that he was the founder of a company called Tellme Networks that did interactive voice response technology they were purchased by Microsoft for little under $800 million. Before that, he was the General Manager of the Internet Explorer team and he’s been advisor to such start-up as Facebook, Dropbox, Zappos, IronPort and others. So Hadi really brings a wealth of knowledge in both enterprises, software development from his two stints at Microsoft, as well as Internet services, Internet startups and we believe it's real, frankly evaluation of our business model. He's pretty excited about what we're doing at AXON and EVIDENCE.com ECDs has disrupted technologies and it's turning out to be a great partner already and he just joining on the board. Also we talked about one of the recent hire our New Executive Vice President of Marketing, Jeff Catalski [ph]. Jeff is an Senior Executive with background in both Enterprise, sales applications and location based services. So his background will match beautifully on to what we're doing, his background in (inaudible) software applications, commerce, where they build enterprise customers, integrating EDI Solutions. Very similar to what we're doing at EVIDENCE.com, integrating these software service solutions to our law enforcement enterprise customers. And then location based services used the copy called destinator [ph] which is launched recently in our protector services, which is consumer oriented service that includes both location based services and call routing and distraction management services. So we have been touched in this business, but we continue to invest where we believe while we’ll see a significant return, I think, Jeff counted is a big asset for the company. And we’re very excited having him on board. Speaking on Protector, we will be touching base on that. We are in alpha with the distracted driving management product, as you are all aware distracted driving is a huge issue in this country, about 6,000 people died last year from distractions while driving or 500,000 people were injured in distracted driving incident. That's become a major focus of Oprah of the Department of Transportation of (inaudible). And we believe that we have a unique solution that is far more robust than what's out there today. We will be moving into beta and then into a soft launch this fall. When I say soft launch, we'll be going more to consumer direct route, initially focusing on working with the many advocacy groups that have sprung up around the issue of distracted driving. As if so, little late in the year, I generally don’t see retailers adding new products in the fourth quarter, focusing on executing their retail season. So we'll be doing more of a consumer direct launch and positioning those products for a wider channel of distribution in 2011. If you go on our website, you like to see one of the first things that I have been working with Jeff on is a number of new campaigns to help get the message out to our customers in our core market. We launched the I saved the life of TASER campaign where we have officers submitting stories about how they used our devices in these pragmatic situations where they saved lives. The personal stories is up, we've had probably several dozen submissions that have come back in and that we're sifting through now and those are going through production line. They'll go to the full campaign with the focus. Our focus with the international association is the police conference this fall as well as in various online social media and any commerce channels, making sure that we make sure people know about the tens of thousands of lives that TASERS have saved. So with that, I would say we're very excited about the back half of the year. We think, it struck the company for profitability. We've got the right people. We've got some exciting new people on board, both in advisory and executive positions and there's a lot of opportunity out there, especially when the economy starts to really turn for us. We believe the investment we’ve made for the last several years will really position us to grow into these new markets. And with that, we'll wrap up the presentation for the call and we'll have a few questions and answers.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Paul Coster of J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Mark Strouse – J.P. Morgan: Good morning. It’s Mark Strouse for Paul. Just starting with EVIDENCE.COM and AXON, I guess, can you just give us an update as to how many pilots are being currently run and what are the size of those pilots? And I guess how are they being funded? Is TASER paying for those or are the customers paying for them?
Rick Smith: We have about eight pilots that are currently on going. We do have paying customers in several of them. So for example, as we talked about, the country of New Zealand is a paying customer where they've done a national implementation of EVIDENCE.COM for handling all their TASER films and the TASER data. They're not yet piloting the AXON. We have two major agencies of more than 1,000 men each, where we've got approximately 10 to 20 AXON units in the field. We've got about five or six smaller agencies where we've got roughly five to ten AXONs in the field, would get two paying customers that have deployed purchased the units in the smaller agencies. Frankly, at this point our focus between now and the end of the year is going to be on the under 200 man agency size for a couple reasons. Those agencies were able to make decisions very quickly. That's where we really grew our business with the TASER devices because they’re not – they don't have the long decision making cycle. They also tend to have – frankly acknowledge the fully developed of an IT infrastructure. They're less likely to have an existing solution that we may be coming in and displacing with our products. So traditionally so far we've gone in and we’ve supported most of these initially where we've gone in and put these equipment with some trial and then focus on converting them into paying customers.
Mark Strouse – J.P. Morgan: Okay. And I might have missed this and I apologize if I did. But with protector, can you just remind us with the go to market strategy is going to be there? If you're going to be marketing it yourself or carriers will be doing it?
Rick Smith: Yeah, with the Protector, we're really focusing initially on the distraction management portion of that product line, frankly just because we were such a fevered pitch and there's sort of a number of folks that are looking into getting into that space about how to manage distractions while driving. So that's the first product that will come to market. Our focus at this point is transitioning modern alpha [ph] right now. So we've got working units basically within the company’s control that are being built at it. We'll be moving to beta this quarter where we start moving into non-employee beta testers and later in the fall, we'll be moving to more of a soft launch, where we will be focusing on working with advocacy groups and primarily consumer direct sales for the balance of the year so that we can stream line the customer's implementation process – make sure we've got all the features dialed in and then 2011, we will be focusing on scaling that part of it to both retail and our carrier partners.
Mark Strouse – J.P. Morgan: All right. Just a couple more, if I can. With the U.S. stimulus spending, can you just give us an update on where you think we are in that? I mean, the majority has been spent or if the majority is still to come. Just your view on that spending
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan Behrendt. Yeah, we've definitely saw a much larger impact from the stimulus in Q4 and then Q4 of 2009 and Q1 of 2010. We didn't see as much impact in Q2. You know, we think part of what's happened is some of that stimulus money has actually just helped to prop up the budgets and really just replace other capital, you know, capital that they had at their capital budgets. So it didn't have the positive increase to the capital budgets, we'd hoped for as really kind of allowed things to stay in the status quo. Certainly, we see a challenge on the municipal side, but we've sort of seen the business stay relatively flat year on year, but I think as we move into the second part of the year, I think the challenge will be how much of that stimulus money still exists out there. We certainly saw a much smaller impact in Q2 than what we saw in Q1.
Mark Strouse – J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then with your existing products that are in the field with agencies today, I mean, is there any evidence of a large product replacement cycle coming up? Are you seeing any kind of like product wearing down or anything like that, that would need to be replaced anytime soon?
Rick Smith: Yeah, I think – that's one of the thing we’re excited about as we look to the future. We have our useful life for our products are typically in the sort of five to six year time frame. The installed base of product that is in that five to six year range where we have some of these early adopters is well over 150,000 units at this point. So there's a significant opportunity out there for that. I think part of it is, you know, getting the customers to be pro-active as far as replacement and not just hanging on to the products until they fail in the field and this is a safety product. The Bulletproof Vests guys have done a great job in convincing the customers on a five-year cycle they need to replace Bulletproof Vests for safety reasons. Because our technology is a lot newer, we haven't really had that cycle yet. But certainly, with the large installed base, we do think that's a big opportunity as we move the business forward and as the budget environment improves. I think right now the challenge is, you know, if somebody's got something that's working, it’s probably will be a challenge to get them priority to replace it. But I think as the budget cycles improve these municipal budgets, I think that large base will be a benefit for those customers to start coming back for upgrades.
Mark Strouse – J.P. Morgan: Okay. That's it for us. Thank you very much.
Rick Smith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer of Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Thanks. Good morning. Dan, in the past, you've kind of gone product by product and given us sales numbers. Could you do that again this quarter?
Dan Behrendt: Certainly. So the X 26 units for the quarter were 13,503. We sold 711 M26s, 3,261 C2s and the cartridge sales for the quarter are about 258,269.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay. So cartridge kind of appears to be one of the larger weaknesses in the quarter. What are you seeing from your customers in terms of, you know, given the budget tightness? Are they just electing to train less often with the cartridges or are they keeping less cartridges in inventory or just not replacing handles or sort of, what is sort of their strategy given that they need these things in the field every day and at the same time now budgets are tight.
Dan Behrendt: Yeah. This is Dan again. I think it's a little bit of all those things. I think it's really more sort of inventory levels. I think cartridges are definitely one of the things that you see purchases with sort of the budget flush moneys at the end of the quarter. I think, to an extent, the municipal budgets are weak, you don't see those purchases as much. But I think what we saw in 2009, you know, was a real strong year for cartridges after kind of a weaker 2008. So there's going to be sort of an ebb and flow. Obviously, as the install base continues to increase long-term, we feel good about the cartridge part of the business. But, you know, tough budget environment. I think, people can sort of, you know, kind of milk down their inventories a little bit and, you know, as a result defer purchases. I don’t think if the sales go away, I think it’s just more of a deferral.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay. And could you give a little color on the X3? It seems, at least in terms of press releases, to be a little bit slow coming out of the gate. May be, I don't think you gave that, the unit numbers for that this quarter. And what's your early perception on it? What are people telling you? And if there's a push back, is it cost? Is it size? What does it seem to be?
Rick Smith: This is Rick. We've got a number of agencies that have deployed those. On it’s behalf, we're getting very positive feedback. The largest deployment at this point is Lakeland, Florida. It's gone a full deployment with the X3s and they're having great results with it. In fact, I met with one of their master instructors just last week. The challenge at this point is really primarily budgetary. That the price points of the X3 is added to this point. Agencies, lot of the agencies in the last six months have been going through layoffs. The stimulus in 2009, a lot of cases what we're learning is that allowed agencies to forestall restructuring and cutting back. And then early this year, the second which shifted and people – I think it become pretty – they don’t see the federal government continuing stimulus through the long-term strategy, a lot of these agencies have had to cut back. And so what we've heard is that just right now for them to upgrade to newer technologies, especially if they are at a higher price point when they're laying officers off, they'd rather cut back everywhere they can in their budget and try to save as many of their officer positions as they could. So it's made it a tough environment with these new products. And although we do have several major agencies testing the X3 right now, we're getting positive feedback. It's just proven to be a really tough environment to roll out new product into right now. People are sort of in a spacious mode. They'll maintain the projects and programs they've got but we don't see a lot of people investing in new technology.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay. And then my last question, just how do you see, I think domestically you're probably 35% or 40% penetrated. What do you sort of see as saturation at this point? I mean, it seems like maybe we've hit a little bit of a plateau here for awhile. And certainly, it's not a product that is necessary or works well for everybody but sort of where do you see your saturation point in the U.S. at least?
Rick Smith: Well, I’m not sure we used that in terms of working well to everybody. Policing across North America and (inaudible) they face the same sorts of challenges and agencies – police agencies are seeing significant reductions in the number of cops that are injured. In fact, we used to stay in and when I was looking at some agencies that pulled TASERS off the street several years ago in a controversy and then put them back out and their early indications are that when they pull the things off the streets, there was a spike in injury to cops and service its outlook. And I believe even spike in police shootings that are inversely correlated with TASER deployment. So we believe that the TASERS are moving toward standard equipment. And that at the end of the day, police radios have nearly 100% penetration, firearms, the guns, pepper sprays, nearly 100% penetrated. And we believe over the long term TASER as well will be in that 80%, 90% penetration and work that penetration where it's being more accepted and necessary piece of standard policing equipment.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay. Thanks.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wold of Merriman. Please proceed
Eric Wold – Merriman: Hey, good morning. Follow-up question kind of on the domestic landscape. As you kind of talked into there kind of taking stimulus out of the equation, what tends to be any major push backs and why they're not rolling out TASERS besides funding, if there are any? And is there any differentiation, you're seeing in trend between new agencies, equipping officers with TASERS for the first time versus existing customers going to full deployment?
Rick Smith: Again, this is Rick. I would say that is already what we're hearing is it's 90% financial, particularly in the larger agencies. The larger the agencies, the bigger the budgetary problems it seems that they're having. There's pockets of smaller agencies that used to have budgetary surpluses. But on the major agencies, literally everyone that can face, I think of is in budgetary deficit. They're reducing the number of cops on the street. And in that environment, if this – you talk about police work, it's a very high camaraderie. It’s a very military type of organization. These guys look to each other as camaraderie in arms. They go out every day and put their lives on the line. Anything they can do to protect their friends, their comrades, their coworkers and that includes helping them keep their jobs, they're going to do. So the primary focus primary in our customer base is finding ways to keep cops out on the street. And they are going to destroy your measures like (inaudible). Some agencies have put two cops per vehicle rather than one. Some of the cops have gone to, been a part of proportionate shift to cut back on the gas consumption. Our training batch is across the board and there have been cut backs. I think the good news is relying on this is, unfortunately this year and in the early part of this year started where these agencies have finally hit a point, where they have to take painful steps of restructuring. And once they do, we think the budgetary sectors will return to more of a normal. In fact the situation, especially, when we start to see some growth in the economy and the tax base. The fact that they're cutting back their core operating expenses much like what we've done in our business. Now positions us well for profitability and growth, when the company starts growing, communicating with our customers. Their tax revenue starts growing, they will be able to start – They're going have to start investing in equipment. These agencies have really kind of stretched out and they're feeling pain of that over the last several years. They have not been investing significantly in new technology.
Eric Wold – Merriman: Okay. Then following up on a question about the stimulus. Correct me if I'm wrong, I was under the impression of the majority of the stimulus dollars that law enforcement got approved for or requested had to be spent on equipment and stuff that otherwise was not in the budget and they otherwise could not afford. You kind of get a sense, they kind have got around that, so I want to understand if you’re applying for budgets?
Dan Behrendt: Eric, this is Dan. I think it's a little bit of that. I think it's also that what happened is their normal capital budgets got swept into cover things like payroll and then they used the stimulus money to replace the capital budget. So we didn't really see the positive impact. It was sort of a pocket shift towards the capital budgets, used to issue pay salaries and then took the stimulus money and put it in the capital budgets to kind of keep the status close. So I think it was a little bit of a shift. I don't think they've used stimulus monies for salaries, but it's really more they just swept the capital budgets to use the stimulus in place.
Eric Wold – Merriman: Okay. And then on the delayed orders from Q2 – you mentioned there are numbers that enclosed in Q2. You expect from one to two, at least one to two to close back out there. How many total orders were delayed and can you give any kind of a sense of a range of what you expect, what later could come back after those?
Rick Smith: There was one very large order that we were working on. In fact, you look and Dan talked about some of the overtime expense and our inventory – They we're building up in anticipation of receiving that order this quarter. And it would have made a significant difference. I don't feel comfortable at this point divulging the exact magnitude, but it would have been, probably, the largest order or one of the largest orders in the company's history. And I think there’s two other internationals. So we have three little orders, are we going to close them all? Probably not as we'd love to. But any one of those three could be in the top tier of orders we've received in our history. And they've estimated the normal order flow internationally. These are three big ones that are out there for us.
Eric Wold – Merriman: Okay. And then just lastly, just a couple of housekeeping ones for Dan. How much was the obsolescence charges or cost in cost until it gets in Q2?
Rick Smith: $4,000 in Q2. About $4,000 year to date.
Eric Wold – Merriman: If we look at SG&A $10 million, take out the $1.2 million, take out some for the, salaries and reaps in the quarter, is a new good quarterly run rate for SG&A somewhere in the $8 million to $8.5 million range?
Rick Smith: Yeah. I think it’s probably more like $9 million to $9.5 million. I think that we're going to keep on driving that down. But there are sort of ebbs and flows. In Q3, we have our mass instructor school and tactical conference. In fact the look of a larger expense for us, but certainly we're going to continue to look at any of those discretionary items. We've seen significant reductions in like travel and meals this year. Significant reductions in the trade show expenses, just because we've determined that the trade shows we're not seeing in front of our eyes, either not attending or attending with a smaller booth and smaller presence. We've got creative as far as using some booths that are more temporary booths of these things that have had big savings on the generic, setup costs. We're really looking at everything we can to just take costs out of the business without impacting the development of new products or sort of the customer payroll would impact sales. But, other discretionary items have been very vigilant this year on.
Eric Wold – Merriman: Okay. And then final one, when you talked about rolling the data center costs into our costs of goods sold. You said it impacted 1% in Q2 and should impact 3% margin in Q3. Is that 3% more than Q2 or kind of 2% more to get to a 3%?
Rick Smith: Yeah. It gets to 3%. It was about 1.2% on the lower sales this quarter on kind of a normal sales level, expected to be about 3%.
Eric Wold – Merriman: Okay. Thank you very much.
Dan Behrendt: Sure. Thanks, Eric.
Rick Smith: We'll do one more? Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Mahoney [ph].
Peter Mahoney: Actually, our questions have already been asked, so thank you.
Rick Smith: All right. Thank you, Peter. All right. So we appreciate everybody giving us your time this morning to participate in the call. We wish everybody a wonderful day and looking forward to a brighter second half to 2010.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-23 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO
Analysts: Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company Greg McKinley - Dougherty Markets Sean Brenckman - Craig-Hallum
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2010 TASER International earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn your presentation over to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. We will first start out with Dan Behrendt reading the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe-harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of the law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing accounts; expansion of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety and our business model. We caution these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law enforcement community; the level of product technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete and the accompanying demand for our products; potential delays in international and domestic orders; implementation risks of manufacturing automation; risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths; negative publicity concerning product uses and quality risks; potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risks of governmental investigations and regulations; TASER product tests and reports; dependence upon key employees; employee retention risks; and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Now I'd like to turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Dan. Okay. As everybody has probably seen, in the press release this morning, net sales for the quarter were $23.8 million, which is a decrease of $0.8 million or 3% compared to last year. The decrease is primarily driven by fewer big significant orders from international customers. As we've already talked about, this is a bit of a lumpy business and in the fourth quarter we benefited from some of these significant orders coming in. In the first quarter, as we were hoping to see, we didn't see in the quarter. And as a result, things came in, I think, a little below of where we were expecting to see them. Adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of stock-based compensation, charges, depreciation and amortization, was $1.6 million for the first quarter, a 49% increase from the $1.1 million in the first quarter of 2009. So GAAP loss from operations was $0.9 million compared to $1.0 million from the first quarter of 2009. And the net loss for the first quarter of 2010 was $0.5 million, while the net loss per share on a basic and diluted basis was $0.01. So we'll be talking about the first quarter, some of the significant events. You know, the domestic law enforcement business actually continued to show up pretty strong. Domestic U.S. law enforcement was up 30% over prior year, and it was even up 7% sequentially. We did see federal and military sales were really not strong this quarter, which is expected on a seasonal basis. We don’t tend to see many federal orders in our first year calendar quarter, but federal and military was certainly stronger in the fourth quarter. They tend to be stronger in the fourth and second quarters. International sales, which did represent 25 of net sales, so we didn’t have a lot of the big lumpier orders, but the good news is that we saw some strength in just continuing business. And we're now starting to see a base of business internationally like we've developed here in the U.S., which of course adds some predictability to our long term business with those customers coming back for replenishment, slowly expanding their programs, buying cartridges, etcetera. We also had our first domestic order from the Aberdeen Police Department for AXON. We talked a bit about AXON at Evidence.Com. If you actually go to cnn.com and type in a search on AXON, you'll see a great story out of Cincinnati. We've continued to see very strong interest in the capability that AXON at EVIDENCE.COM represent for our customers. We do expect to see revenue in the third quarter. Do even though Aberdeen, they got pretty excited frankly from the results in the pilot, as with any software-as-a-service, there's a lot of complexity upfront so that we can make this product simple and easy for our customers' long term. And so, we've been doing a bunch of work in the pilots who've gotten great voice through the customer feedback.  We added a number of significant enhancements. A couple just to put out there; RF interference turns off police radios, transmits a very high level of electromagnetic interference to related devices. We are having some issues with that interference causing some problems with our system. We have really hardened it from an EMI perspective. We now have those issues under control. We've added a number of usability features in the software, so officers can enter case IDs and do other information right on the device that we learned during this pilot. The head cams that we were originally shipping with that had some comfort and usability issues, so we've completely redesigned and re-launched the headbands. We're getting great feedback from customers on a comfort basis. And a new magnesium holster that actually fits over the belt buckle space or can be worn on the belt, we're getting great reviews on that. That just started hitting the streets here in the last couple of weeks. So we continue to see a lot of strength in that business. Again, given the opportunity, which is significant, and interest in the capability, we are being very careful to make sure that we're really getting the system stabilized and ready to scale based on the book pilot. So we'll continue to extend the pilots through the second quarter and we expect revenue in the third quarter. On another note, the PROTECTOR Platform that we talked about at the International Consumer Electronics Show, we continue to get great interest from a number of different strategic partners, whether it be in the retail space, not-for-profits that are looking at the distracted driving problem. We believe that the PROTECTOR Platform will be a revolutionary breakthrough. It is a most comprehensive look at global safety issues, everywhere from dealing with cyber bullying, which is a very big issue in the news, to distracted driving to sexting, to protecting children from child predators. PROTECTOR, that development is moving apace. We're very happy with where we're at, and we believe we're on schedule for a late summer launch with PROTECTOR as well. On the legal front, five product liabilities, these were dismissed in the quarter. I was happy to see those, and we had a significant win at the summary judgment base in our patent infringement suit against Stinger Systems. Of course, the company, as you know, has a deep and rich intellectual property portfolio we have in our patent council that does a great job for us. And this obviously is a big win for us, defending some of our core IT. There is a press release if you want more information out on our website. If you go to press release archive, you can read more about this finding of literal infringement on some of our core patents. And so with that, I'm going to turn it over to Dan to talk a little bit about the financial results for the quarter. And I'll be back to wrap.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. So as Rick said, revenues for Q1 were $23.8 million, which are down $0.8 million or 3.1% from the prior year, mostly driven by a decreased international segment In prior year, we had the significant order as you remember in Q1 from the U.K., partially offsetting the lower international sales or increased sales in our domestic law enforcement segment. International sales were 25% of our sales in Q1 of 2010 versus 39% of Q1 of 2009. Conversely, domestic law enforcement sales are actually 54% of our Q1 2010 sales versus 40% last year. So we are seeing a strengthening in the domestic business. We saw both sequential increases in the domestic law enforcement sales and also significant year-over-year increases. And although we've not seen a lot of significant individual orders funded by federal stimulus, we are starting to see more orders with that funding source. I think that's a positive sign for us. Gross margins for the quarter of $13.5 million or 56.6% of revenues are down 2.9% as percentage of sales from the prior year. The decrease in margin was mostly driven by lower yields on the new product lines, some higher-than-normal rework expenses, increased temporary labor charges and then higher depreciation expenses and amortization of the (inaudible) products as well as the new cartridge automation line. One thing to notice is, as people model this, at this point the cost for the data center remains in R&D. We'll have that data center with the servers and all the equipments to support EVIDENCE.com. Right now, that's still sitting in the R&D line of the P&L. Once we launch that product commercially, those costs will move up into gross margins. So there's about a 3% impact to margin, but you'll see reduction in R&D for the same amount, but just so people modeling that. SG&A expenses of $10.3 million for the quarter, this is actually down $1.1 million from $11.4 million in the prior year. The decrease was driven by $682,000 reduction in legal, professional and accounting fees due to the timings of our annual audit fees as well as from lower outside legal costs. We also saw $619,000 reduction in consulting and lobbying services due to lower outside marketing, about $327,000 savings, and some lower IT consulting for $200,000 last year. In the first quarter, we're doing ERP upgrade, which had significant outside costs. This year, the first quarter will not have the same expenses. We did have an increase of $200,000 in sales and marketing, driven by some outside commissions. But overall, very happy that the SG&A line we're seeing some significant cost controls which is certainly helping to keep those costs in check. Research and development expenses are $4.1 million for the first quarter, which includes a benefit of $793,000 of capitalized salaries and consulting fees for the EVIDENCE.com and PROTECTOR Platform. The gross research and development expenses of $4.9 million are actually up about $0.7 million from the prior year, mostly driven by $540,000 increase in salaries and benefits to support both the hardware development efforts in Scottsdale and our software development team headquartered in California. We had $226,000 increase in scrap materials and our equipment rent is up $197,000. And that's mostly driven by the outside data center that houses the EVIDENCE.com servers. Computer licenses are also up $141,000, also driven by EVIDENCE.com. We did see positive variances in indirect supplies, mostly driven by the fact that last year the first quarter we had a number of new hardware platforms that were driving some of that. We've seen about a $398,000 reduction in direct supplies. So overall, R&D is looking pretty good. We're really focusing on the cost controls across all areas of the company and making sure that the expenses are returning both near and long-term benefits to the company. We're seeing that really in all areas. So we're pretty satisfied with what we're seeing there. As Rick said, the adjusting operated income, which is the non-GAAP basis, was $1.6 million. Given the significant 123R stock compensations as well as the increase we've seen in depreciation cost by the higher capital expenditures over the last two years, we do believe it still makes sense to look at operating income from both on a non-GAAP cash basis as well as the traditional GAAP basis. Non-cash P&L expenses have grown forward, but they're not material, so we break that out so the company's cash earnings are a little bit more obvious. On a GAAP basis, company posted pre-tax operating loss of $949,000 and a net of tax loss of $493,000 at $0.01 per share on both a basic and diluted basis. Moving on to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter at $37.4 million in cash investments. This is down $8.1 million from the year-end balances, mostly driven by cash used in operations. Accounts receivable of $15.8 million is up $0.4 million from the prior year-end balance of $15.4 million. That's mostly driven by the large international orders we announced right at the end of the first quarter, which drove our DSO balance up. We do expect that the DSO balances will come down back to more normalized level in Q2, just depending on the new order flow in the quarter and how much we have in back-end loaded business. Inventory of $17.7 million is up $2.6 million from the year-end balance. We've seen increase in raw materials to support the X26, AXON and X3 product lines. Prepaid and other assets at $3.1 million are up $1.6 million. This is mostly driven by our product liability insurance premiums we paid in January. Property and equipments invested is $39.5 million. This is up $0.8 million from the prior year balance, mostly due to the capitalization of a portion of the EVIDENCE.COM and PROTECTOR Platforms. Full assets at March 31 were $135.9 million. One thing I want to make sure to note here is that a lot of the cash used from operations is really more of a timing difference due to the timing of quarter-end orders, our accounts payable, payment (inaudible) as well as fluctuations in inventory. And our current cash balance is already up from the 331 balance. So working capital actually at 331 of 2010, up $72.5 million is actually up slightly from last year's working capital balance. That's really just a shift of assets from cash into receivables and inventory in regards to the payables. So we still feel very strong from a working capital perspective. On the liability side, account payable is actually down significantly. We're down to $2.4 million of accounts payable; that's down $3.9 million from the year-end balance due to some timing of check runs at year-end versus quarter-end, and the final payments associated with the automated cartridge line. Accrued liabilities of $4.3 million are in line with year-end levels, and the current deferred revenue balance of $2.9 million is just up slightly from year end due to the sale of extended warranties.  So, finished the quarter with total liabilities of $16.8 million, and $119.2 million stockholders equity. So, still have long term debt and we continue to have fund and liquidity to fund our operations here as we move forward. Going to cash flow, as I said earlier we had cash used in operations of $6.6 million for the three months ended March 31. Again, we got a tough comparison this quarter; last year, the first quarter we generated cash from operations of $10.5 million. Again, just more figures; last year we had significant reductions in AR and inventory. The first quarter this year we had some of those things go the opposite direction, but these are just sort of the normal timing differences we get to see in the business. We had $2.4 million of net cash used in investing activities. Again, the new property equipment is mostly made up of the capitalized cost for EVIDENCE.COM and the PROTECTOR products, and we ended the period with $37.4 million in cash and investments. So with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Okay. Let me give you a couple of stats from the sales front. We added 226 new agencies, testing and deploying our TASER products to become 15,334 agencies total. We have 261 new full deployments, so now we have a total of 6,256 full deployments; 74 new TASER CAM agencies for a total of 2,411 agencies testing and deploying our TASER CAM. We have 15 new agencies with the X12 Less Lethal Shotgun for a total of 44 agencies testing and deploying the X12; 44 new agencies with the XREP, so we now have a total of 111 agencies testing and deploying the XREP. We had 238 M26 upgrades to X26s, and we had the first large scale deployment of the X3, with Lakeland PD upgrading from 150 M26s to X3s. Speaking of XREPs and X3s, I would say this; it's been a challenging environment to introduce new products. Where we have seen some strength in our core legacy products, where people had budgets, and they have had programs in place to expand, XREP is a new capability, we're seeing a lot of interest in it. There's not free budget dollars for new programs. And similarly with the X3, we're seeing a lot of interest from the field to technology. It's certainly getting solid reviews in terms of the capabilities we've created, the budget. It certainly is at a premium price point, and in these economic times, folks just don't have the extra budget dollars to be able to allocate to these newer products. But we do fully expect we are seeing continued improvement uptick in the XREP quarter-over-quarter. And as we move forward and both have (timely adjusted) this week, we expect to see those products grow. In fact, just this morning, I had report of a field use of an X3, (inaudible) case where the officer actually missed on the first shot, but was able to immediately redeploy second time and take the subject down. So we're pretty excited about that. Switching gears to again talk about EVIDENCE.COM, we're seeing a lot of elevation in the value proposition. In fact, the New Zealand National Police, as we've talked about, have selected and are currently implementing EVIDENCE.COM on a nationwide basis for handling all of their Electronic Control Devices there. So certainly it's a pretty sound endorsement. We're excited about to have one of our early adopters being National Police Force. So we talked about it is a complex ecosystem between the custom hardware we've built with embedded software on the devices, the ETM, Evidence Transfer Machines, that the docking stations have been out to interact with EVIDENCE.COM or Software-as-a-Service back-end. So there's a lot of complexity upfront. So we're taking our time through field pilots. We've made a number of enhancements to the product. We will continue through pilot in the second quarter. We expect to start to see revenues in Q3, although we may see some earlier revenue, particularly out of New Zealand in the second quarter. In the PROTECTOR, with distracted driving being a top issue both in the political environment and in the area of public affairs, Oprah Winfrey is, I believe, hosting a big event on April 30 with her No Phone Zone campaign. And we believe that the timing is just right. For us, we've done a competitive analysis. We do see there is lots of smaller competitors out there with, I would say, focused targeted solutions for different pieces of the puzzle. We have not seen anything that would be of the breadth and comprehensive nature of what we're doing with the PROTECTOR Platform. That can really be a robust end-to-end solution. It's certainly a huge problem. I believe we talked about on the last call that TASER has tremendous brand recognition. We have over 92% brand awareness in the U.S. We got a huge brand footprint. People see us as industrial-grade security. They know us as a company that law enforcement relies on. And our mission here is to protect life. So over the past two years, we invested heavily in R&D to expand, so that we are not reliant, we're not defined just by our technology, but that we are defined by our mission. And we're bringing innovative new breakthrough technologies in EVIDENCE.COM and AXON that will revolutionize the way that public agencies interact with the public. We believe we can revolutionize, and overall, the relationship, building trust between people and their local police departments. And that will make our community safer. And with PROTECTOR, we're going to turn mobile technology into something that currently most people view as a threat to the safety of their kid, whether it's a distraction in the car or the unknown dangers that they run into when they're unmonitored out in cyberspace through a mobile device. We're going to change that paradigm and turn mobile technology into something to bring families together and enable families to protect our most valued members of our society, at least they are for me, and that's kids. So that we can use the technology to, again, make the world a safer place through empowering families to do a better job of protecting. And with that, we'll wrap up this conference call and we'll take a couple of calls or a couple of questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Eric Wold with Merriman Curhan Ford & Company.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company: I guess just the first question, the number one, can you provide the unit sales by product for the quarter?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, sure thing, Eric. This is Dan. X26, we saw 13,935 units for the quarter. M26, we saw 707. We had 5,381 C2s sold. TASER CAMs, we actually had a strong quarter for TASER CAMs. We had a large announcement at the end of the quarter. We sold 4,252 TASER CAMs. And cartridges, 304,761. And then some of the new products; the X3, we had 423 units; and XREP, we had 1,379 XREP packages sold.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company: Okay. And then just curious one of the comments made at the very beginning was that Q1 a couple of large orders that you expected did not come in as hoped. Should we infer that some of those are maybe moved into Q2? And if that inference is correct, any reason why they maybe did not come in?
Rick Smith: I would just characterize it as the predictability of some of the larger orders is always challenging. I wouldn't say that we would expect in Q2, looking at it to see sort of our normal flow where we would have some large orders materialize in the quarter. As to which orders come in when, those are things that can be just really challenging to predict. For example, we had one large order last quarter, in the fourth quarter, that came in. It frankly wasn't even on our radar screen until it showed up here. I don't know if I should talk about which one it is in particular, but that's just sort of endemic of the business. So it can be difficult to predict quarter-to-quarter. But we do expect Q2 to be a more typical quarter, where we would see some significant international orders.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company: Okay. And a couple more questions. With Stinger, with this ruling, what is the process if it's not there already in terms of getting them out of the market? I know that one of the issues that's been with them in the market, even if a police department had absolutely no desire to purchase the Stinger, they still had to test the product and that lengthened your sales cycle. How could this shorten the sales cycle for you guys?
Rick Smith: Well, at this point what we wanted some re-judgment is really a literal infringement; a product literally infringes the claims. It's not over legally speaking, and so you go through trial because there are still issues up back. Certainly they will assert defenses around whether the patent themselves are valid, this typical pattern litigation. During that time period until we get to the trial, our assessment is that it's highly unlikely that most government agencies would buy a product knowing that it's been bound in a federal court to literally infringe upon existing patents. And early discussions with customers on that topic seem to be validating that point that it makes it very risky on their part to buy something that they are informed, literally infringes. They'd be relying on sort of a Hail Mary approach that the patent would be found invalid, which is frankly legally a very long shot defense in our assessment. So we do believe this, and we are seeing in our discussion with some customers that this long term could end up simplifying the sales process and streamlining it.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company: And then last question, I'll hop back in the queue. On the PROTECTOR coming out in Q3, how is that going to be sold and offered to the customers?
Rick Smith: Great question. Q3 is going to be more of a half launch, focusing a lot on online sales, online distribution. There's sort of two iterations, right? There is the mobile product that enables parents to have more control over a child's cell phone and how they monitor it. That can be (bugged) as a download, or they could buy preconfigured cell phones, so that there is no installation required on the parents' part. For the Driver Protector piece which includes a hardware component that gets installed in the vehicle, we are putting together a relationship with a national installer alliance that would be able to do those installations. That product would be available also through our online components, as well as through retail partners. We have not announced any retail partners, but we've had a high degree of interest, and I'd say we have at least one that's pretty far along the process that could be a late summer launch partner for the Driver Protector product.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley from Dougherty Markets. Please proceed.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty Markets: I'm wondering if you guys could talk a little bit about, first of all getting back to PROTECTOR, any line of thought in terms of, once we get beyond that initial online soft launch, is this a product that you would intend selling to like an app store, or I know there is some school of thought that you might actually be able to include this software as part of a base service plan with the carrier. Can you talk with us a little bit about that?
Rick Smith: Yes, we're exploring all those options. Certainly, there's retail components. Any business that is currently involved in car security or car audio installation is a natural fit for the Driver Protector product. And of course, for the cellular service components, relationships with carriers certainly would be a great distribution channel in addition to consumer direct. We could intercept those at retail where this could be sold as an incremental service and configured in the retail environment where a phone is being configured at point of sale. So literally, the way this breaks out, I don't think we'll have great visibility on it until we're getting much closer to market and we're through our betas as to how it breaks out between the direct download, the retail day sales, and carrier partnerships. And then there is some interesting other third party alliances that could be forged around. There is, for example, insurance carriers or others that could see the risk mitigation benefits of products like the Driver Protector in particular. So, we're very confident that we've got the right product in terms of how we get it to market. We're going to have to experiment frankly with a number of different approaches until we find the one that really resonates to get the best degree of convenience and efficiency to get it for the customer.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty Markets: Dan, I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about how we should think about gross margin performance as you prepare to launch some of these products. And just, I wanted to validate the datacenter, you think that's running at about 3% of revenues, and once those products launch that'll move from R&D up into cost of sales?
Dan Behrendt: That's correct.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty Markets: Could you talk a little bit about your gross margin outlook, I guess excluding that factor as you get ready to launch product? And then I know that you've indicated maybe there was absence of some big expenses in Q1 that will be coming up in terms of training and conferences. How should we be thinking about that impacting operating expenses over the next few quarters?
Dan Behrendt: On the gross margin side, I think there's a couple of things that came into play. And obviously while the first quarter sales of $23.8 million are reasonably aligned with what we did last year in the first quarter, there's certainly a lack of leverage on the indirect part of the gross margin. So as our sales increase, we should see just a natural increase in margins by leveraging those costs. On the automation side of things, we actually kind of ran both the automation line and the manual line. Mostly, it's driven by the factor we had on the inventory that was specific for the manual cartridge line. So we want to burn through that inventory and not leave it on the shelf. So as a result, we didn't fully utilize automation. I think as automation comes online, we'll see an improvement in margins. In the first quarter, we saw sort of the scenario of having all the depreciation, but not fully utilizing equipment. I think as we move into the second quarter, we'll see the utilization of that automation equipment go up, which will improve margins. The new products, the PROTECTOR product, because again, it's a retail product, it probably won't enjoy the same margin profile as our existing products. But again, you have that ongoing SaaS model. The SaaS part of those products will have a nice gross margin. But the retail selling won't be quite as strong. But overall, the (military) product we still feel good about, and we do expect margins absent that data center to improve as sales improve. As far as the operating expenses, we're really laser-focused on keeping our expenses down. First quarter, we actually were under-budget on expenses. So even things like the audit and the trade shows like CES and SHOT Show, even with those expenses in there, we still saw a relatively small increase over the fourth quarter, which is also pretty strong. So we're really focused on organization and trying to keep the cost down to make sure that we're going to get the leverage out of every line that we can.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sean Brenckman with Craig-Hallum.
Sean Brenckman - Craig-Hallum: Can you talk a little bit more about the X3 launch and give us some color into maybe how large of a market you're going to roll out with in Q3? You mentioned there is going to be some Q3 revenue. Is that a global launch? Is that one step beyond the pilot? Can you talk a little bit about that?
Rick Smith: I think you're asking about the AXON and ECIDENCE.COM launch in Q3? Yes, that will be primarily U.S.-based, because the data center is out here in the U.S. Although we'll have some international pilots that we'll start to run off the U.S. datacenter, but we have discovered that there is fair amount of concern from international customers about housing data in the U.S. because of the Patriot Act, whereby the U.S. government reserves the right to access just about any data stored in the U.S. And a lot of foreign police agencies are not comfortable with that fact. But we have had a number of international folks now that have agreed that they would pilot the capability out of our U.S. data centers. So it'll be primarily, I would say, a North American launch or expansion. And this is one of those that because of the nature of the product, it's a fairly complex rollout. So it's going to be probably a little more slow-growing than our typical ECD products where customers just go to the distributor and buy them, because here again, they have to have their accounts set up, get the hardware and get trained. There is some interaction with the local IT department in terms of making sure they've got the right high bandwidth internet access, et cetera. So it's likely to be a slower rollout. But of course, on the positive side, there is a significant recurring revenue model within the business as it ramps.
Dan Behrendt: And in our existing markets as well, which I think are very positive.
Sean Brenckman - Craig-Hallum: That's good. Can you talk a little bit about the sales cycle and compare it to your ECD stuff? I was under the impression that that would be shorter, given that it's not an ECD.
Rick Smith:  Again, as Dan pointed out, there is a large existing revenue budget item area for incident video. It's in the hundreds of millions of dollars. So that's good news that there is existing budget fund in a lot of places. I think it's really more about the logistics of rolling these systems out that will be a bit of a limiting factor early on. But again, one of these damages of a SAP-based business model is there's a lot of complexity upfront; would the complexity sit on the provider rather than on the customer. And we would expect that then there will be sort of a ramping and accelerating ability for us to bring customers online, so that the first customers electing pilots takes several weeks to get up and running and trained and the kinks worked out. As we get towards the end of the pilot phase and we get into the production, bringing customers online might still be for significant agencies a few weeks. And our goal will be to drive that time down and down and down by streamlining the process. So by the time we're rolling out our 100th agency that we're doing it much faster and more efficiently and our processes are firming up. And by the time, we get to our 1000th agency that we've got it down to something that's really going like clockwork. But I just think from a modeling perspective we should be conservative in that this is a solution sale; there are more touch points involved within the agency, it's not just the tacticians, but it's the IT departments as well. So there is sort of these tradeoffs, right? Budget should be easier. There is existing programs at many of the agencies, but that also means we have to migrate people potentially from existing solutions over to our solution, and that can take some time particularly in the larger agencies. Where I think the business gets really interesting is, we're able to start scaling it in the smaller and smaller agencies because the smaller agencies tend to be less political and setup should go faster. But then you're talking about setting up hundreds of agencies or thousands of agencies, and so that places more strain on our systems to be able to do that reliably and consistently. So we'll start on sort of the larger and mid-size agencies. I think we'll the first to see this, because frankly just the revenue opportunity justifies the higher level of expense involving getting them set up until we get more streamlined. And as we get more streamlined, our setup costs drop, and at that point we can take this out to the smaller agencies and more of the mass police market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eric Wold. 
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company: Just a follow up question. You made the comment that you're starting to see some more orders flowing in from stimulus funding. Can you give a sense kind of what you're hearing from departments in terms of maybe what's been holding them back and kind of when they expect to start spending that money? What can you kind of characterize this, (especially) the average kind of order size you're seeing from the stimulus orders?
Dan Behrendt: This is Dan. A lot of the orders we're seeing are still through distribution. And really where we're getting the information is polling our distributors to see how much stimulus money they are seeing in their business, both for TAZER and other products. And definitely I think we're getting our fair share out of the products they rep. It hasn't been individually significant; we saw the large order from Philadelphia in Q4. I haven't seen anything of that size in Q1, but we saw just more of sort of the 25 to maybe $100,000 orders. But I think it's still just a net positive. We're up as Rick said 30% year-over-year, and up sequentially as well. So I feel that the domestic part of the business is turning the corner, and hopefully stimulus allows us to continue to have a good 2010.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Company: A follow-up there; have you had conversations with departments in terms of, if they are sitting on funds or have some funds, are they kind of waiting until the end of a fiscal year to put it to use just to make sure, or is it the function that they're getting it and spending it as they get it?
Rick Smith: I think it's a little bit of both. I think some of these guys are holding off to see where the rest of the budgets shake out, and want to make sure that they don't fall short on their budget. So they're sitting a little bit on the sidelines and waiting to get towards the end of their fiscal year. Q2 is a fiscal year-end for a lot of agencies, and we are hopeful that would give them opportunity to say, okay, we've got these stimulus dollars, you know, they've got a good idea where they're going to end up for the regular budgets and will go ahead and spend it. I'm not getting the impression that there is a ton of spending for other types to price. Like I said, I think we're getting our fair share, and I think there's still a fair amount of money on the sidelines. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session. Now I would like to turn the call over to Rick Smith for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: All right, I think you had appreciatively used time this morning. A number of exciting products are coming down the pipeline. Stay tuned for the rest of the year, and we'll be back. Hopefully we will see some of you guys at our shareholder meeting, which is coming up here in late May; it's May 27, here at TASER headquarters. And by the way, you come down, check out the headquarters, come visit your company. And we look forward to meeting you there, and we'll talk to you again with our second quarter results in July. Everybody have a great day and a fantastic weekend.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – CEO Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts: Mark Strouse [ph] Gregory McKinley – Dougherty & Company Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 TASER International Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Stacy and I’ll be your conference moderator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions) Today’s conference call is being video-webcast. To watch the video, please go to Taser.com, click on the Company tab, and select the Investor Relations page. Please follow the link to the webcast. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. Rick Smith, CEO
Rick Smith: Hello. I’m Rick Smith, CEO and Founder of TASER International and this is Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer. I like to welcome you to the fourth quarter of 2009 TASER International conference call. We appreciate you joining us for our first-ever video conference call and we are excited at this opportunity to not only share our results, but some of the results of the key investments we made over the past two years. So with that, I’ll pass to Dan to read our Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Looking at the Safe Harbor statement. So, forward-looking statements and GAAP reconciliation, this presentation contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended, including statements without limitation regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. We intend that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The forward-looking information is based upon current information and expectations regarding TASER International Incorporated. These estimates and statements speak only as of the date of which they are made, not guarantees of future performance, involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue growth and earnings growth; estimations regarding the size of our target markets; successful penetration of the law enforcement market; expansion of product sales to the private security, military, and consumer self-defense markets; growth expectations for new and existing products and accounts; expansion of production capabilities; new product introductions; product safety; and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. This presentation contains non-GAAP financial measures, which include but are not limited to, non-GAAP adjusted revenue, non-GAAP adjusted gross margin, and non-GAAP operating income. A reconciliation of GAAP is included with this presentation or in the current report on Form 8-K furnished by TASER International Incorporated on February 19, 2010, which can be found at www.Taser.com or www.SEC.gov. With that, I’ll pass it back over to Rick.
Rick Smith: As you all know, our mission at TASER is to protect life; to get people to stop killing each other. Injury or trauma is the leading cause of death for all age groups under age 44 in the United States. We are committed to developing technology to protect the lives and safety of people in this modern environment. There are three key entities we look to for protection in our society. The first is the individual person. The second is the family, which is really the fundamental unit of society that looks after the health and safety of our youngest and most vulnerable. The third are the public agencies, such as law enforcement and first responders charged with providing emergency services and maintaining peaceful, secure communities. Our core ECD technology empowers the individual to protect himself. Now, certainly, law enforcement agencies and heads of families also use ECDs, but at its core, these less-lethal weapon systems are designed to allow individuals to incapacitate other individuals for the purpose of protecting themselves or enacting a lawful arrest. So, while the individual members of public safety agencies rely on our ECD technologies, those agencies themselves have come to rely on our tactical information systems to help ensure that their members are doing the job of protecting the public without abusing their power, as well as to protect their members from false claims against them. The data port that records the date and time of each trigger pull in a TASER ECD and the TASER CAM have become invaluable resources to agencies, to help them better manage their members to better protect the public. In fact, TASER International has become one of the market leaders in on-officer video, with almost 40,000 TASER CAMs in the field today. With the introduction of our new AXON system, we have further expanded this capability with the system that records every incident, not just TASER involved incidents. The AXON is an integrated system that includes a HeadCam integrated into a radio earpiece; a communications hub with pushbutton controls, and the AXON tactical computer -- a touchscreen computer that records and can analyze, log, and tag multimedia information. As shown in this video, AXON records incidents from the officer’s visual perspective. The video here is a training exercise, but similar AXON videos from real-world incidents have been hailed as a quantum leap in technology by prosecutors and law enforcement officials, who are now able to see incidents unfold from the officer’s visual perspective. But the real challenge isn’t just recording the video. It’s how you securely store, analyze, and manage thousands of these videos in a manner that meets the federal and state rules of evidence to preserve records that every file has been unaltered and maintained in its original form. So we’ve developed AXON integrated with an end-to-end system called Evidence.com that delivers this entire capability on a turnkey basis for our customers. You know, managing a video data center is a very specialized skill set. Videos are enormous file sizes. A small agency can generate tens of terabytes of data each year, and being able to manage that data to make sure it’s properly backed up and that is protected -- again, meeting the Federal rules of evidence -- is a huge technical lift. With Evidence.com, we’re providing this service turnkey to our customers, so they can focus on being best-in-class law enforcement agencies, not trying to learn how to set up best-in-class video data centers. So as we move to the next slide, I’m actually going to show you a brief video about the types of capabilities we can bring through Evidence.com -- because it’s much, much bigger than just storing this information. It’s about unlocking the evidence, unlocking the knowledge hiding in evidence. So, for example here, our geospatial mapping controls will actually plot on maps each incident, so that a commander can look at the city, find the incidents he’s looking for, click on it, and it immediately opens in our customized video player, which is built for video evidence. So it handles tags and markers and things that you can’t do in traditional multimedia players. And as you can see here, we can see exactly what the officer is seeing right out over his weapon. Now we’ve built best-in-class multimedia management tools, this will feel familiar to what many of you have seen in some of the best consumer applications. So ease of use is just simply critical, including search functions, so that videos can be tagged and later searched. Here we’re searching on the name Jasmine, which turns out is the office dog out in Santa Barbara at our TASER Virtual Systems location. And we’ve got a video that was taken here with her chasing one of the laser sights. But what that also illustrated is that Evidence.com handles TASER CAM media. Here we’re showing in-car video. We can ingest other multimedia sources, so that Evidence.com can become a repository for all digital evidence, not just AXON, TASER CAM and TASER data. So what we’re actually showing here is users have the ability to upload any type of evidence, including photographs, other file types, and they all get tracked and tagged with a full chain of custody record for when it later has to be presented in court. And of course, Evidence.com stores all the data port logs and TASER CAM logs from all of our TASER data. This is a version of Evidence.com we call Evidence.com Lite, which is free to our base users, to give them the ability to try Evidence.com to manage all their TASER data, and they can upgrade later to the full pro package of Evidence.com. The third, and perhaps most important group that protects lives and protects our most valuable and vulnerable lives, is of course, the family unit. PROTECTOR by Taser is a ground-breaking new toolset that gives parents the ability to supervise how their children interact in a mobile world. As technology advances and your children grow, so will their access to people, places, and information. PROTECTOR by Taser can help families navigate the changing landscape, together establishing good judgment and safe habits, both on their phones and in the car. From one simple dashboard, I can see what matters most to me -- my family. I can click on any member to see right where they are now and how I can get to them quickly. I can control the approved contacts for my child’s phone right from the dashboard on my phone. So when friends and family that I’ve already approved to talk to my young child call, they’re seamlessly connected. But when someone unknown calls, as shown with our tattooed fellow here, PROTECTOR alerts me and allows me to be an engaged parent. I can block the call; I can allow the call; or in this case, since I don’t recognize the number, I can even elect to have the caller directly connected to me as a father. And I can see who’s trying to call my little girl and decide if I’m going to let them through or not. You know, before this, cell phones had really been an unknown for parents. Once you give a child a cell phone, they are unsupervised in the digital world. You have no idea who they’re talking to, who’s contacting them. If somehow some child predator or otherwise someone got your child’s phone number, with PROTECTOR, you’re able to stay engaged in the social community that your children are engaging in. And now similarly, PROTECTOR has a rich feature set to protect children from sexting and other potentially dangerous behaviors. Once I have approved a friend of my daughter’s, I have no interest in seeing the 500 texts a day about the latest boy band. But when one of her friends tries to send a sexual photograph, I’ve set it up so that PROTECTOR’s screening technology intercepts the offending photo before it ever gets to my daughter, and it routes to me as a parent, so I can take care of it. As my daughter grows older, PROTECTOR matures with her. I can relax the settings, giving her more freedom and control as she earns it. And when she becomes a young driver, I can add a small hardware module called the Driver Protector that allows me to help teach her safe driving habits by preventing distractions while driving, and monitoring for dangerous driving behaviors to keep her safe. It’s like allowing me to be in the car when I’m not there; I can check in on current speeds and receive alerts when dangerous behaviors are detected. PROTECTOR works on a wide range of smartphones, using any carrier, so you can keep the phones and service you already have. You can also access PROTECTOR through your PC or Mac, and even through new widget-enabled television sets. Together, Taser, PROTECTOR and Evidence.com empower individuals, families, and public agencies to better protect themselves and our communities. So what are the business implications of these new products and services? Well, first of all, last quarter, we began shipping the TASER X3, which is our latest electronic control device. The X3 offers us an opportunity to have an upgrade path for all of our existing customers, where they can upgrade from the single-shot technology of today to our newest technology, which is semi-automatic and multi-shot-capable. AXON and Evidence.com give us an entry into a new market space, the $350 million annual market for in-car video. And of course, with the Evidence.com piece it not only solve problems for our customers, it provides TASER International with a great recurring revenue opportunity. And with PROTECTOR, there are significant new revenue opportunity in family protection and distracted driving, which is a huge issue right now in public safety. In addition to investing in these new breakthrough products and services, we’ve also been reinvesting in our core business. Just last quarter, our highly-automated cartridge assembly line came online. This state-of-the-art equipment improves our throughput capacity, quality, yields, and reduces labor content, which will help improve margins and I’m proud to report that we’ve been able to fund these significant investments from our operating cash flow. If you look at this chart, you can see our cash resources grew significantly from 2006 to 2007. In 2008, we returned over $12 million to our shareholders through a stock repurchase. And we’ve been able to fund these additional investments without tapping significantly into our cash reserves. So while other companies were forced to cut back investments during the recession, we were able to sustain these investments, which we believe will position us very well to enter a cycle of accelerated profitability and cash generation as the economy recovers, and these new products and services come online. At this point, I like to hand the presentation over to Dan Behrendt, our CFO, to review the fourth quarter financial results.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. So first, I’ll get into the sales for the quarter and for the year. So, from a total sales perspective, as we talked about on the last call, TASER deferred a portion of its X26 sales made in Q3 to reflect the value of the trade-in right, which came with the purchase of an X26 in the third quarter. This trade-in right allows the customer to get a partial credit towards the purchase of an X3 with the trade-in of their X26. The company reversed the $3.5 million deferral in the fourth quarter. We’re going to cover adjusted revenues, adjusted gross margins, and adjusted operating income, which excludes the impact of the reversal of the X26 deferred revenue adjustment, which is not in accordance with GAAP but does allow for better comparisons to prior periods. I’ll also cover the GAAP numbers that reflect the deferral. Adjusted revenues for the fourth quarter were $31 million, which were up approximately $4.6 million or 17.6% from the prior year, mostly driven by an increase in our federal and military markets as well as some individual large domestic orders, specifically to the Philadelphia, Cleveland and Chicago Police Departments. Our GAAP net sales for the quarter were $34.5 million. On a sequential basis, Q4 adjusted revenues were up $4.3 million or 15.9% from Q3, primarily caused by an increase in international sales and an increase in sales to the US law enforcement. During the fourth quarter, we saw sales to US law enforcement came in at 58% of our sales compared to 55% of our sales during the prior year and 46% during the third quarter. Part of the increase was derived from stimulus funding and we expect to see some more benefits from the stimulus funding in 2010. Total sales for 2009 were a record $104.3 million compared to $92.8 million in 2008, with a year-over-year increase of 12.3%. So, moving on to international and federal sales, as you can see from this slide, international sales and federal sales have become an increasingly significant part of our business. TASER has shipped products into 44 different countries and growing the international part of the business remains a strategic focus for the company. The federal business has grown more important as well, which together, with the international sales expansion, has helped to offset the weakness in US law enforcement business driven by lower municipal budgets. The Company has invested resources into growing these markets, so it’s gratifying to see these investments begin to pay off, with roughly one-third of our sales coming from these markets in 2009. In 2009, sales to US law enforcement were 51% of our sales compared to 60% of our sales during the prior year. We’re starting to see the benefit of stimulus funding as we close out 2009. In the fourth quarter, we saw US law enforcement making up 58% of our total sales, and we expect to see more stimulus-driven orders in the first half of 2010. Again, you see the increasing impact of international, federal, and military markets in the 2009 year. And while federal and international markets increased, the consumer market has decreased as a percentage of total sales. We do expect that sales in the new protector family of products will help to reverse this trend in 2010. Moving on to gross margins and operating expenses, you’ll see the adjusted gross margins of $18.3 million represented 59% of adjusted revenues. This is down approximately 4.5% as a percent of sales from the prior year. The decrease in margin is mostly driven by less favorable product mix, and increased warranty and obsolete inventory charges. Our gross margins on a GAAP basis were $21.8 million or 63.1% of sales. SG&A expenses of $9.8 million for the fourth quarter versus $10.9 million in the prior year. The decrease was driven by a $422,000 reduction in travel; a $912,000 reduction for professional and consulting fees, and these were offset by an increase in salaries and benefits of $241,000, due to higher headcount and an increase of $158,000 in our FAS 123R expense. On a percent of sales basis, you’ll see that SG&A expenses were 31.5% of adjusted sales for Q4. This compares to 41.4% of sales in 2008. Sequentially, we saw SG&A expenses decrease $1.6 million over the third quarter. The third quarter SG&A was impacted by the launch costs associated with the AXON, Evidence.com, and X3 product lines, as well as the cost of the annual TASER conference. As a result, fourth quarter marketing expenses decreased $444,000; supplies decreased $316,000; and travel decreased $306,000. Now, salaries and benefits, and 123R expense decreased $276,000 from the third quarter due to a reduction in force that occurred during the fourth quarter. Our total SG&A expenses were 42% in both fiscal year 2008 and 2009. We do expect an up tick in SG&A expenses in the first quarter of 2010, mostly due to timing differences associated with costs related to the CS and Shot Shows that take place in the first quarter; we have increased audit fees in the first part of the year; as well as higher legal costs associated with cases going to trial in the first part of 2010. With that being said, we’re still looking into leverage existing SG&A resources to the extent possible to improve the operating performance. Now, the research and development expenses were $4.8 million for the fourth quarter, which includes the benefit of $850,000 of capitalized salaries and consulting costs for Evidence.com. Gross research and development expenses of $5.6 million increased $1.1 million over the prior year, mostly driven by the $868,000 increase in salaries and benefits to support both hardware development and our new software development team headquartered in California. Equipment rent increased $210,000 for the data center that houses Evidence.com servers, and computer licenses increased $152,000, also driven by Evidence.com. Now, R&D expenses actually decreased $1.9 million or 29% from the third quarter levels, due to significant reductions in indirect supplies, expediting fees and scrap costs incurred in Q3, surrounding the AXON and X3 product builds for the TASER conference and the International Association of Chiefs of Police Show, which both took place in Q3. While we’re not happy with the expense levels in Q3, we have reduced R&D in Q4 to a more acceptable level and instituted tighter cost controls to better control spending going forward. You can see that the difference in operating account from the 2008 levels to 2009, it’s almost completely attributable to the increased investment in research and development. And as this slide shows, our research and development expenses have gone up significantly over the last couple of years. This is really driven by the fact that the Company wanted a much more robust product pipeline and a broader array of product offerings with AXON, XREP, Shockwave and X3 products all being introduced in 2009. The AXON and Evidence.com development will allow the Company to have a strong product to compete in the police video market, which we estimate at $350 million per year. As Rick mentioned earlier, we’ve been able to fund a significant investment in R&D through internally generated cash from operations. Despite the large increase in CapEx and R&D, our cash balances have remained relatively constant, with the exception of the impact of the 12.5 million stock buyback, which we executed in 2008. Now we do expect R&D expenses to relax in 2010, as the launch costs for AXON, X3, Shockwave and XREP are behind us. Now because of items like depreciation and cash flow -- or I’m sorry -- depreciation and non-cash 123 stock compensation charges, you can see that these are having a more significant impact on our results. Therefore, we’ve decided to discuss earnings on both a GAAP basis and also a non-GAAP cash basis. We’ve also excluded the timing impact of the X26 trade-in credit reversal in Q4 and the impact of the reversal of the $5.2 million litigation judgment in Q4 of 2008, today’s comparisons to prior periods. Our non-GAAP adjusted income from operations in the fourth quarter was $6.2 million or 19.9% of sales. Now this compares to $3.1 million or 11.6% of sales in the fourth quarter of 2008. Our GAAP operating income was $7.2 million in the fourth quarter and $6.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2008. On a total year basis, we had non-GAAP adjusted income from operations of $8.5 million in 2009 or 8.2% of sales. Now this compares to $10.3 million or 11.1% of sales in 2008. On a GAAP basis, we had a $79,000 loss in 2009 compared to operating income of $5.2 million in 2008. Again, the difference was driven by the large increases in R&D year-over-year. Our EPS on a dilutive basis was $0.07 for the fourth quarter of 2009 versus $0.06 for the fourth quarter of 2008. Total year EPS for 2009 is basically breakeven versus $0.06 in 2008. Now the reconciliation from GAAP to non-GAAP income and sales are included as part of the earnings release put out earlier today, so you can see exactly how that math works and you can work through the numbers from a GAAP to a non-GAAP basis. Moving on to the balance sheet, I’d like to talk about the 12/31 balances that we have here. We did finish the quarter with $45.5 million of cash and investments. This is a decrease of $3.9 million from the prior year-end, mostly due to capital expenses of $15.1 million, partially offset by our operating cash flow of $10.1 million. Due to the uncertainty in the market, the Company has elected to keep its investments very liquid, and that’s worked very well for us; we continue to do that. Our Accounts Receivable, you see they ended the year at $15.4 million. This is down $1.4 million from the prior year-end balance of $16.8 million. This is mostly due to a large UK order that shipped at the end of 2008 and collected in the first quarter of 2009. Now, when we look at a days sales outstanding basis, we actually had a DSO of 42 days, which is a decrease of 12 days from Q3 of 2009, and is down approximately 16 days from the 12/31/08 DSO [ph] balance, largely because of the large international orders that we shipped in the fourth quarter of 2009, that we actually got cash of our large deposits before delivery. Our inventory balances of $15.1 million is up $1.6 million from the prior year-end balance. As expected, inventory balances climbed from the Q3 levels due to purchases to support the X3 and AXON product lines. You see that prepaid and other assets of $1.2 million are actually down $1.3 million from the prior year-end balances. This is really due to some product liability insurance that we renewed in December of 2009; we didn’t pay those bills until January of 2010. That’s the major part of the difference in the pre-paid. Again, investments and property, plant, equipment of $38.7 million, this is up $15.1 million from the prior year-end balances. Now we had significant capital expenditures in 2009, as you can see from this table. We had $4.5 million related to additional payments on the automated cartridge line that Rick talked about earlier. We had a $2.1 million investment in data center equipment to support Evidence.com. We had production equipment of $3.8 million to support the new existing product lines; and we had some investments in other computer equipment to support the business of approximately $1.7 million. So, moving on to the liability and equity section of the balance sheet, accounts payable of $6.4 million is actually up $2.5 million from the prior year-end, due to timing differences and AP check runs at year-end and increased purchasing activity, including the automation equipment of $1.2 million. Accrued liabilities of $4.2 million are roughly flat with the prior-year balance of $4.3 million; just had some slightly lower accruals year-over-year. The current deferred revenue of $2.8 million is up from the prior year-end balances of $2.5 million due to the sale of more extended warranties in 2009. We had total liabilities of $20.7 million, and the company finished the quarter with $118 million of stockholders equity. The company has no long-term debt and we continue to have liquidity to fund our R&D efforts and operations as we move into the future. Lastly, I’d like to cover the selected statements of cash flows information. We had $3.6 million of depreciation expense in 2009, which is up roughly $1 million over the 2008 levels due to the capital investments we made in 2009. The stock-based compensation is also up year-over-year and we had roughly $5 million of non-cash 123R charges that hit the income statement in 2009. With over $8.6 million of non-cash charges, you begin to understand why we report operating income on a GAAP, non-GAAP basis. We had $10.1 million of cash provided from operations, which is up $5.5 million from the $4.6 million of cash provided from operations in 2008. Cash used by financing activities of $11.7 million is driven by the CapEx, which we previously covered and we finished the 2009 year with $45.5 million of cash on the balance sheet, which again, continues to provide the needed liquidity to operate, invest in our business. With that, I’d like to turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Dan. So, fourth quarter achievements, we had significant orders from Philadelphia, Chicago, Cleveland and DeKalb County. Frankly, the Philadelphia order was the largest one that we have been able to track to stimulus funding, around $1 million. International sales were 17% of net sales. We had a large order for 2,500 TASER X26’s that were ordered by the US Army under an IDIQ contract and 443 X26 units ordered by the US Marshals. Also in the fourth quarter, the Attorney General in New Jersey allowed electronic control devices to now be used in limited circumstances. Up until now, New Jersey had been the last state that did not allow their officers to use TASER devices. We are proud to announce that that has now changed. Also in the fourth quarter, four more product liability suits against the company were dismissed. Importantly, we also took the AXON and Evidence.com into field pilots. We have several agencies now pilot-testing AXON and Evidence.com. And in one case, AXON video actually cleared an officer that was involved in a fatal shooting incident. Now, historically, an officer involved in a fatal shooting would be subject to an extensive investigation that could take weeks or months while they are placed on leave. In this case, because of the video, the officer was cleared in a matter of days because the prosecutor’s office was able to see that, in fact, he was facing an armed subject. And the prosecutor himself said that this was a really breakthrough, quantum leap technology in terms of the capability to be able to investigate these types of cases. Also, the country of New Zealand ordered 777 TASER X26’s to be deployed nationwide. And also, New Zealand became the first country to standardize on Evidence.com, so they’re using it nationwide with a minimum three year contract to support all of their electronic control devices and TASER CAM data. Now, for projection purposes, they’re not yet using the Evidence.com Pro version, so the revenue from this is significantly lower than it would be for an AXON/Evidence.com Pro account; but still, it’s quite a watershed that the New Zealand Police Department has now standardized on Evidence.com for handling all their TASER and TASER CAM data. And at this point, I’d like to open it up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Coster. Please proceed.
Mark Strouse: Good morning, it’s actually Mark Strouse [ph] for Paul. So you guys have made a lot of investments over the past couple of years in OpEx. And it sounds like we’re nearing the point where you can start to reduce those expenses. Can you provide a target operating expense level and how quickly it’s achievable to get to that level?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, good morning, Mark. This is Dan Behrendt. Yes, I mean, it certainly -- we’re looking to, as we mentioned on the video part of the webcast, to get leverage back in the model again. So we’re going to work hard to control the expense levels in 2010 in both the SG&A and R&D levels. I think the return of operating margins is really going to be driven mostly by increased sales. I think that at this point, we’ve got a good cost structure in place. It’s really going to be getting the leverage back in the model and growing the sales. The idea of starting to get these new products to become a more meaningful part of the business is certainly going to be the main driver for that.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Okay, thanks. And then under what circumstances would you guys be comfortable to begin to start issuing guidance, either quarterly or annually?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan Behrendt again. You know, I think that’s really going to be driven -- as we look at the business model here, as you know, it’s always been a business that’s a little difficult to predict because of significant individual orders that, especially on the international and federal side, that are -- that can be difficult to predict the exact timing. So it makes giving guidance difficult. Now, with that being said, I think as the Evidence.com and potentially Protector business become a more meaningful part of our business, those should provide a more predictable revenue stream for us. And at that point, we’ll certainly entertain giving guidance. But certainly, as we move into 2010, there’s not -- we don’t anticipate giving guidance in the near-term.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Okay. And then, lastly, Dan, can you just give us the normal rundown of shipments by product line?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, certainly. So, actually we had really strong cartridge sales in the quarter. We actually sold 447,397 cartridges, which I believe is actually the highest cartridge sales in the Company’s history. We had 20,653 X26’s; 2,894 M26’s; 7,015 C2’s, which is up pretty sharply from Q3 levels, and then we had 3,028 TASER CAMs. So, the TASER CAM business is continues to be, I’d say, pretty meaningful, as Rick mentioned earlier. We’ve got about close to 40,000 TASER CAMs in the field at this point, which is about a 10% attachment rate, which is actually pretty good and actually gives us, as we move on with the AXON and Evidence.com platform, we certainly, I think, having that foothold in that police video market is going to help us there.
Mark Strouse: Okay. Is X3 broken out or is that in the other category still?
Dan Behrendt: That’s still going to be in the other category until -- you know, we’re going to give it a few quarters to get its feet under it, and then we’ll start reporting that probably later in 2010.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Okay, thank you very much.
Rick Smith: Unfortunately, we didn’t really ship X3’s until pretty late in the quarter. It was really end of November, early December, until it usually started hitting in the street for test and evaluation. You saw earlier this week, we just announced one of the first significant orders of 150 units, but it will take a little while to scale. Agencies tend to test new platforms for -- depending on the size of the agency, the bigger the agency, the longer the test.
Mark Strouse: Got it. Okay, thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Doherty. Please proceed.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company: Yes, thank you. Could you walk through with us again the economics of the AXON and Evidence.com as well as the X3, in terms of maybe revenue per unit, margins that you might earn on the sales of each of those, and sort of the per, I think, C [ph] license fees, if you will, on Evidence.com? Just so we can better understand margin revenue impacts from those sales. And then maybe talk a little bit about what your go-to-market timing looks like when AXON and Evidence.com sort of graduate from field trials into something that might be a more likely contributor to revenue recognition?
Rick Smith: Sure. This is Rick Smith. I’ll take that one. So let’s start with the X3, it’s the simplest. The X3 is currently priced at around $1,600. During the fourth quarter, third and fourth quarter, obviously, we had reserved room for a trade-in program that would bring the ASP probably down to around $1,200 or $1,300 net of trade-in credits. This year in 2010, that trade-in program has expired. However, there will be other programs we’ll be doing to help drive sales. So the $1,600 may end up being like a $1,400 net end-user price. And from that, I would take off about another 12.5% for the distributor. Margins on it, on the X3, are comparable to what we see on the X26, you know, high 60% margins on a per-unit basis.
Gregory McKinley – Dougherty & Company: Okay.
Rick Smith: Moving to AXON and Evidence.com, the AXON’s hardware itself is list price of $1,700. Margins on that -- distributor margins, plan on 10% to 12.5%. Our margins are going to be lower on the AXON system than they are on our core ECDs. Dan, do you want to comment on it?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, it’d probably be roughly 50% kind-of margin on a variable basis for that product, on a hardware piece, but obviously, we’re looking forward to that recurring on the subscription side as well.
Rick Smith: Moving through the Evidence.com per-feed license. So, we have announced last year the business model would be approximately $100 per month per-feed subscription fee. Our discussions with customers at this point is indicating that’s likely to evolve into enterprise pricing, particularly with the larger agencies that don’t have to be turning feeds on and off as officers churn through different roles within the agency, et cetera. So, for smaller agencies buying several units you can plan on, again, roughly $100 per month, per user. If we look at bigger agencies, we’ll be looking enterprise pricing, so there may be some net discounts for the larger agencies. Although there will be different types of seats as well you’ve got your full Evidence.com user that is a content generator that’s wearing an AXON and is generating and uploading that content. But then there are other types of seats, you might have administrators that are using Evidence.com for administering that evidence. You have detectives that may not have their own AXON but will be looking at other folks’ video and uploading video from other sources, et cetera. So we haven’t published any models there yet. I think as a rough approximation, the advertised pricing, when you look at in larger agencies adding in these other seats, and then potentially sort of discounting the volume across their active AXON users, I think roughly $100 per month per user is a good starting point for modeling it. You’ll have some gives and some takes.
Gregory McKinley – Dougherty & Company: Okay. And then in terms of your thoughts around these products migrating from trial to commercially launched, what would your thought be on the timing standpoint there? And can you share with us any thoughts around goals or expectations for these products in 2010?
Rick Smith: Okay. Let me first start with -- obviously, I went out online and I looked at some of the message boards this morning too and there were some questions, in particular about New Zealand as to why New Zealand was our first significant Evidence.com user and our customer. I’d point out that with New Zealand, they’ve standardized on what we call Evidence.com Lite, which is the version for managing TASER CAM and TASER files. Now in the United States, Evidence.com Lite will be a free service, basically to introduce our customers to using Evidence.com and giving them all the tools they need to manage their fleets of TASER devices. The reason New Zealand is right at the front end of the curve is that that product feature set does not rely on having the fully baked and field-tested AXON system that -- we don’t need it for that, it relies on our existing products. And then for New Zealand with them deploying across a nation and they have required TASER CAMs on every TASER in New Zealand, they needed to have a centralized network application for managing all those devices. So that actually pushed them and we’ve been working with them for many months to the front of the curve, because Evidence.com actually became a gating factor that enabled their national deployment of TASERs. Now if we step back from that, X3, I think we’re going to see a relatively slow ramp over the course of the year given the economic environment. It is a premium product. I think as we see stimulus funds and assets forfeiture funds come in, the user feedback we’ve gotten is that they really like the features of the device. It is on the larger side than the X26, so some agencies may decide to stay with the X26 for patrol and use the X3 for SWAT or for more tactical operations, although Lakewood, Florida just went fundamentally to a full patrol deployment. So, X3 is now in the field. I would -- you’d expect a slow ramp over the course of the year. AXON and Evidence.com Pro, we are in fields-pilot. I would characterize -- we’re in a stabilization phase right now. It is a highly complex system between the deployed hardware. There’s three elements, it’s got to integrate to their radios; there’s embedded software that’s fairly sophisticated on the device; then at the agency, we have the these evidence transfer managers, which is sort of a local server with local running embedded software. And then that connects first to our back-ended Evidence.com, where we’ve got a full stats service with maps, storage, and transcoding grids. So, long story short, we believe we’ll be in pilot type of operations fundamentally through the second quarter, and I think we might start to see some revenue, relatively small in magnitude in the second quarter. And the product, based on current timelines, should be ready to commercialize in the lateral half of the year.
Gregory McKinley – Dougherty & Company: Okay, thank you. And then maybe talk a little bit on some of those same thoughts on Protector. How will that come to market? Do you envision that being marketed through, like, an iPhone app store type of distribution channel, where people could be loading that on their mobile devices? And how will that be priced?
Rick Smith: At this point, we’re not going to be disclosing a whole lot more about Protector for proprietary and other reasons until we get close to market, which we anticipate -- there probably be a soft launch in the summer, meaning we’ll likely go to this end market with some direct sales models initially, as we scale it up and get through user beta testing and product refinement before you really push it into pitching it to retail and other distribution channels.
Gregory McKinley – Dougherty & Company: Thank you.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Dyer with Craig-Hallum. Please proceed.
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Thanks guys. Good morning. Just most of mine actually have been answered to the extent that you can. Dan, what was CapEx in the quarter?
Dan Behrendt: CapEx was actually just a little over -- it was $15 million for the year, so you can sort of back into that. It was -- it’s probably in the $4 million range. I can get you that exact number, but -- or just about $15 million -- just a little over $15 million for the year. We had some pretty significant CapEx around the automation to finishing that up, which is installed. And some of the new product tooling and things like that ran through in the fourth quarter. So, we expect that the CapEx will also moderate a bit in 2010 as well, now that we have a lot of these large investments behind us.
Steven Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay. And then as far as SG&A, it ticked down really nicely in the quarter. It sounded like maybe there was a one-time benefit from a capitalization in there. Directionally, does that go kind of back to previous levels? Or have you taken out some costs that will remain?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, it’s a little bit of a mixed store there, candidly. The -- well, certainly in Q1, we’ll see it tick back up again, just because we’ve got a couple of our larger tradeshows for the year -- the CES Show on the consumer side; the Shot Show on the professional side. And then the first quarter is always a little bit heavier from a spend on things like the Odyssey’s and stuff like that, just because you have a lot of that year-end audit work that happens in Q1. And we record those based when the service is delivered. So, I do expect it to tick back up a little bit in Q1; but as we look at the total 2010 budgets, we’re going to work hard to keeping SG&A costs as flat as possible and leveraging the resources we have, in order to improve our operating leverage as we go forward.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay, so kind of flattish would suggest that there are some permanent costs that have been taken out, that it’s not going to necessarily tick all the way back up to previous levels, or I should say, at least it won’t grow a lot; is that fair?
Dan Behrendt: I think that is fair.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay. Good. And then R&D, any color as to sort of how much of a decline we could expect? Or is it more -- I mean, should we expect something more on a year-over-year basis, relatively flat as well?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean, well, really, what we’re trying to sort of convey there is we’ve, at $20 million, we feel like we have hit the high-water mark. Obviously, we reserve the right to, as exciting technologies come down the pike that we may have to accelerate that again. But we feel that that $20 million probably is the high-water mark and we expect to leverage the R&D expenses in 2010 as well, and start reaping the benefits from that large investments we’ve made over the last couple of years.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Yes, okay. And then, I guess, finally, could you give us anecdotally sort of what you’re seeing from stimulus? Is it more than you thought, less than you thought? Is it primarily kind of the 5’s and 10’s agencies? Or have you seen some big beneficiaries from it? And how far do you think you are through it, through the benefits of it?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I hope to think we’re at the early part of this. I think as I’ve talked to our regional managers out in the field and even just some other companies in our industry. I think we’re kind of at the early stages of the stimulus. We have seen one big order, the Philadelphia order we saw in Q4 was stimulus driven. So that was a roughly $1 million order that was driven through stimulus. But most of the orders we’ve seen so far that we can attach to stimulus have been on the smaller side. But our expectation is that we’re kind of still early, that we haven’t seen a lot of that flow yet. It’s one of those things that, as we move into 2010, we’re hopeful that we’ll start seeing more of that, because we haven’t seen an awful lot yet, and we know there is just a lot of money out there for law enforcement equipment. So, to the extent that that money starts flowing to agencies, we’ll start, hopefully, seeing that in the early to mid-2010 time frame.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum: Okay, that sounds good. Nice quarter, guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg McKinley with Dougherty. Please proceed.
Greg McKinley – Dougherty & Company: Hi, guys. Just a follow-up here. When we look at prior year, obviously, the Company really benefited significantly from a couple of large transactions, certainly started off the year in ‘09 with a big UK order. Can you give us some thought in terms of taking that into context, how we should look at possible near-term revenue growth rates, so we have a general feel for how you’re looking at your business starting the year versus how it may end, as these new products come to market?
Rick Smith: Yes, I mean, you just put your finger on what makes it such a difficult business to predict and why our current business state -- it’s just not practical for us to give guidance because of those large orders like we saw out of the UK last year. We do have a pipeline that includes large orders this year, I’d say similar to the pipeline at the beginning of last year. As to whether and when those big orders come in, it’s frankly kind of surprising because what will happen is, we’ll be working on an order for an indeterminate period of time, and then -- they tend to accelerate very quickly right at the end. So, some of these might be on our radar for years, and then, bang, within a space of a few weeks, it just accelerates -- and okay, it’s been approved, here is the purchase order, and we tend to ship same quarter, so we don’t carry much of a backlog. So, in the short-term this year, I would say, first quarter safely tends to be a down quarter from the fourth quarter. So, first and third tend to be a little weak; second and fourth quarter tend to be a little stronger. And those larger Federal and international major agency orders will continue to be unpredictable upside sprinkled in and over the course of the year.
Gregory McKinley – Dougherty & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, I would like to turn the presentation back over to your host, Mr. Rick Smith. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Okay, well, again, I’d like to thank everybody for your time this morning. If you didn’t get a chance to watch the video, I believe the link will stay live on the website, so you can go and see some of the demonstrative aids we use. We appreciate your support. Again, I am really proud of the team and the work that they’ve accomplished here. Our sales group was able to deliver a 12% increase in revenues, based primarily on our Legacy products in a year when, obviously, the global economy was in pretty poor shape. And at the same point, a lot of the investments that we’ve made, we have either finished across the goal line like the -- which might be almost $9 million automation project that will improve our margins and yields in throughput this year, and then the new products that are starting to come out at the end of the pipeline with the X3 that gives us a fresh opportunity at our base; AXON and Evidence.com that will move us into the police video market with strong recurring revenue. And then in the back half of this year, we’ll start to see Protector, our new consumer product. So, we look forward to talking to you all in a few months when we report on the first quarter. And again, we appreciate having you as shareholders. Thanks and have a great weekend.
Operator: We thank you for participation in today’s conference. This does conclude your presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-24 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith – CEO and Co-Founder Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts: Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co. Paul Coster – JP Morgan Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum Pete Mann [ph] – Dougherty and Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the first quarter 2009 TASER International Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is Den and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today’s call Mr. Rick Smith, Chief Executive Officer. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you very much. Before we get started I'm going to have Dan read the Safe Harbor statement.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement market, expansion of product sales to private, security, military and consumer and self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capabilities, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. We cautioned that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement to key opinion leaders and law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets which we compete, and the accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in the international and domestic orders, implementation risks of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risks, granting manufacturing and production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and deaths and a negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risk of government investigation regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependent upon key employees, employee retention risks, and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. While there are many things to be proud of this past quarter, the announcement of EVIDENCE.com was a significant milestone in the evolution of this company. I would return at the end of the call to discuss how we expect this new initiative along with the previously announced AXON on-officer tactical computer to transform the company. But first let's start looking at the results of the first quarter. So for Q1, revenues were $24.6 million up $2.1 million or 9% over last year. Operations continued to demonstrate improvement as gross margins increased to 59.5% compared to 56.8% last year, reflecting our continued focus on efficiencies. Items particularly important when you understand that we had a very high margin – we had a very high rate shield of cartridges this quarter as the UK brought at least over 100,000 cartridges to go with the weapons that they purchased in Q4. So, as you all know cartridges have a much higher labor content, as a percentage of sales in the lower overall margins compared to our ECD's. So it was almost at 60% with a very high ratio of cartridges is really quite an accomplishment for Steve Mercier and his team and operations. Consistent with our strategy in the last year R&D was up $2.1 million or 98% in the first quarter continuing to reflect our commitment to expanding our future technology and product diversification. On GAAP basis, loss from operations was $1.0 million for the first quarter compared to an income of $1.5 million last year. So, if you look at the loss on a GAAP basis there is couple of things there. It is primarily a function of number one increased R&D investment, number two non-cash charges for stock option compensation, which by the way did increasingly toward component of compensation, you know we are now building out a world-class tech team where we have recruited, you have all seen some of the names I talked about in the last conference call, but we are now competing with the Google’s and the Microsoft's and the Apple’s of the world for the best talent in software and Internet services. In that space, equity compensation is a very important factor. We also saw significant higher proportion of sales in our low-margin cartridges as we talked about, a sequential increase in legal costs due to timing and litigation we prepared a very large summary of expert reports during the quarter. We had a, frankly a great quarter in terms of some of the wins that we had and I would return to that shortly. And we also had increased costs related to travel and promotions related to our stimulus package program. So, speaking about stimulus program let me share a few thoughts. The American investments recovery in investment group included about 4 billion for law enforcement, which was about 2.75 billion fees for equipment training technology. So, I'm really proud of our team, we moved at light speed from the moment the stimulus package was announced we are moving within hours to launch a program to get our technology in front of law enforcement decision-makers in the few weeks between the announcement of the stimulus program and the due date for the grant applications. We accelerated the announcement of EVIDENCE.com, we were originally planned to announce this summer when we were ready to go-live. We accelerated so that agencies could plan ahead and that grant application and the budget process for this powerful new capability. We launched a webcast that reached nearly 3,000 viewing locations, many of which we understand had groups of people watching our announcement. We mobilized and extent of e-mail and Internet-based education campaign, including our sponsorship of the premier grant education program at Policeone.com. All indications are that we believe we moved much faster and more effectively than any other company in the law-enforcement sector in developing and executing the program to address the stimulus package. I've personally been on the road almost continuously over the past six weeks meeting with chiefs and senior leadership in major law enforcement agencies. The stimulus packages also introduced some new factors in predicting our business. Now we're certainly enthusiastic that these additional budget dollars will become available in the later half of the year, but there is a very distinct possibility that the stimulus program will have an adverse affect on second-quarter purchases by law enforcement. If an agency submits a grant application to buy equipment they cannot use existing funds to proceed with the purchase and then if they grant reimburse themselves later, they can't do that. So, if they apply for grant the uninfected affect of the stimulus package could well be they free some purchases until the grant awards are made. Therefore this introduce some short-term or reset to Q2, but overall we think it is a significant benefit to the regular opportunities on the full-year basis. Again this is another situation where TASER has had a significant strategic advantage compared to most companies because of our strong cash reserves and our growing international sales, we are in a position where could certainly weather any short-term partnerships between quarters this year. So, overall the messages, stimulus is going to be very good we believe for law enforcement community, it could have some short-term negative rate precautions. The net loss and loss per share for the quarter were $0.5 million and $0.01 respectively. Non-GAAP income from operations for the first quarter, which excludes stock-based compensation and depreciation and amortization was $1.1 million compared to $2.5 million for the first quarter of 2008, and when you get down to what really matters in my opinion the company generated $10.5 million from operating activities in the first quarter ending with cash and equivalents of $58.3 million and zero debt. Another factor that Dan and I looked at in running the business is the operating income before research and development and extraordinary events that was $3.18 million or 12.9% of sales for the first quarter of 2009 versus about 16% of sales in Q1 of 2008. Now significant events for the quarter include the following, so our international sales were at 37%, up from 28% in the fourth quarter and up from 13% in the first quarter of 2008. So, we had significant fall in orders out of the UK, Brazil, and some other countries. The company on their own use integrated digital multimedia evidence management platform, evidence.com which works in conjunction with the TASER AXON, which is an on-officer tactical computer and video/audio recorder that captures incidents from the officer’s perspective. EVIDENCE.com is to AXON as iTunes is to iPod in the consumer world. Together we believe that AXON and EVIDENCE.com will revolutionize the way law enforcement securely captures stores analyzes, collaborates, and manages digital multimedia evidence collected by officers in the field. The system will provide an end-to-end solution for integrating digital information and digital evidence. On March 31, the company announced that we began selling the TASER Shockwave, area denial system, and I will point out we do not expect significant revenues from Shockwave in the near-term. Shockwave at this point is, our first (inaudible) is going to be special report, it is to take the whole concept of non-legal area denial out of the PowerPoint presentation and put it into the deal, but because it is primarily targeted at military and major federal agency type of customers, we expect very – significantly lead times as they evaluate their technology over the coming months and years, but we believe long-term that non-legal area denial is a real growth opportunity for us, but I wouldn't know adjusting any financial models in the short-term for significant revenues from Shockwave. We also had five more product liability suits that were dismissed during the quarter to announce a total of eighty-four wrongful death or injury suits that have been dismissed or judgment entered in our favor. While we're on the topic of, talking about litigation we talked about a couple of other events in litigation, we had very favorable rulings in the market hearing and our plan for principal case with (inaudible). The market hearing is part of the legal process in a patent case where the court looks at how to interpret patent claims, so both sides present their interpretation of the claims and then the court decides which interpretation it will adopt on those claims. I don't have it right in front of me, but I believe something like four out of five of the key claims the ones we're most interested in, in fact record ruled in our favor and we believe that that is very significant in terms of now the quarter is adopted, the majority of our claim interpretation that bodes very well for us is the case in this towards trial. And another significant happening, we won a partial summary judgment in the litigation against Steve Ward in Vievu. Steve Ward is a former employee of TASER International, who left the company to start his own on-office or camera company and compete with TASER. We filed litigation in that case, the primary claims in which had to do with the breach of fiduciary duty and then Mr. Ward was working on that project when he was here at TASER, that's the primary elements of the claim. The court agreed with us on summary judgments and has found in our favor on a breach of fiduciary duty and related claims. So I think it is important to note that TASER does vigorously defend our intellectual property and we are usually pretty effective at it, knock on wood we have continued to have some real success this past quarter. On another note, we received the report from the Houston Police Department, actually through their police union showing that the implementation of TASER devices in Houston has reduced their worker compensation claims for post-related injuries over 90%. So what that is showing is the cops in Houston are fighting a lot less and getting hurt a lot less. In 2003 they spent $2.2 million on worker comp claims for injured cops, injured in fights that dropped from $2.2 million to $149,000 in 2007. We believe economics like this case will certainly help in these trying times as agencies look at TASER as investment in officer safety that is both financial and other rewards. During the first quarter we added another 263 agencies, so we now have a total of over 14,000 agencies deploying and testing of products in over 45 countries and we added another 116 new full deployments with agencies and are now deploying to all frontline officers. And on that note I'm going to pass over to Dan to get into more details on the financials and then we'll come back and talk more about the future.
Dan Behrendt: Okay thank you. So as Rick said, sales for the first quarter were $24.6 million, which were up $2.1 million over the prior year, mostly driven by the significant increase in the cop and international business. Sequentially, Q1 sales are down on $140 million from Q4, primarily caused by a decrease in the domestic law enforcement sales due to the continued lower municipal budget spending in the US, but the international sales were approximately $9.1 million in the quarter or 37% of sales. And the increase is mostly driven by the significant order from the UK and also a significant order from Brazil. Gross margins in the quarter were $14.6 million or 59.5% of sales are up 2.7% from the prior year. Increase in margins is the result of several cost-saving initiatives such as the elimination of cash and distributed discounts, lower over time and temporary labor expenses, better productivity, lower warranty expenses, improvements and scrap, partially offset by lower capitalization of overhead and inventory primarily due to the lower cartridge inventory. The sequential reduction in gross margins were driven by the mixed change from higher model electronic control devices to lower margin cartridges mostly driven by large UK cartridge other in Q1. Cartridges in Q1 of 2009 actually represented 32.4% of sales, this compares to 19.8% of sales in Q4 2008, so you can see there is a big shift in mix from the electronic control devices to cartridges. We did see a $919,000 increase in in-direct manufacturing expenses versus the prior year, and again this is mostly driven by lower absorption and capitalization of plan overhead due to lower cartridge inventory. The large UK border basically wiped out majority of our safety stock of cartridges, so that had a negative impact on our amount of overhead that we capitalized on the balance sheet as well. SG&A expenses were $11.4 million for the quarter versus $9.2 million in the prior year, the increase is driven by higher salaries and benefits of 719,000 due to higher headcount as the company has built out its management team and hired support for the new product lines coming into the market, we got consulting and lobbying are up 505,000 due to additional marketing consulting done to support 52 product line and new product launches, as well as IT consulting relates to upgrades or new version of our ERP system. Legal expenses for the quarter were up $450,000 due to more outside legal expert registries as Rick spoke to due to the number of cases going to trial in 2009. Our 123(R) expenses also increased $602,000 to two options granted in 2008 included options granted media which replaced the cash bonus program and cash bonuses were down 93,000 during the first quarter partially offsetting that increase to the 123(R) charge.
Rick Smith: I like to make a comment there. I think it is important that shareholders understand that the vast majority of our employees actually opted in to an option equity comp program and gave up cash bonuses for, was it two years or three years, Dan?
Dan Behrendt: Came at two years of cash bonuses, that's right.
Rick Smith: So our employees have voluntarily gotten into same boat with the shareholders that we are very much delivers in where the company is going and I just think it is worth pointing that out.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, thanks Rick. I think that is a good point. Sequentially our SG&A expenses are 514,000 over Q4 2008, again this is driven by higher salaries and benefits the $294,000, mostly driven by headcount ads we made during Q4 that we are at a full quarter of expense and Q1 offers some new salary ads in Q1 as well. We had additional stock compensation expense of $194,000 versus the fourth quarter and also had increased legal and professional fees of $350,000 relating to significant increase as per witness expenses during the quarter. We do believe that's more of a timing difference than anything else and also we saw an outside auditing fees up about 197,000 versus the fourth quarter, this is a normal event, obviously the first quarter of each year is the heaviest part of your outside accounting works done to support the work around the 10-K. Our research and development expenses of $4.2 million for the quarter which is an increase of $2.1 million over the prior year again driven by higher salary benefits and 123(R) charges at $1.2 million to support both the hardware development and a new software development teams headquartered in California. Outside development cost of $397,000 for the EVIDENCE.com development and we also had an increased supply cost at $321,000 due to costs associated with developing working prototypes in the new products in the pipeline. I think on the positive note, we just see a sequential decrease in R&D expenses from Q4 2008 as much as the development work is on the outside is now being brought in house at a lower cost and the outside consults are charging similar work. Our heavy investment R&D is driven by our strategy of product line expansion and diversification, therefore we expect our higher R&D spend to continue throughout 2009, we have several new and differentiated products in the pipeline, which will better position TASER at the caption market share and address new opportunities as the economy improves. As Rick indicated our non-GAAP cash income from operations was $1.1 million. The company believes that with the ramp-up of our software development team in California and the result they increase in 123(R) compensation it makes sense to look at operating income on both the non-GAAP cash basis, as well as traditional GAAP basis. The non-GAAP P&L expenses have grown to a point where they are not material therefore we believe that cash earnings is more representative of our operations. On a GAAP basis the company posted an operating loss of $1 million with a pretax loss of $923,000 this quarter and a net loss of $468,000 or $0.01 per share in both the basic and diluted basis. Moving onto the balance sheet, we did finish the first quarter with $58.3 million of cash and investments. This is an increase of $8.9 million from the December 31, 2008 balances, mostly due to the cash flow from operations. Due to the uncertainty in the market the company does likes to keep its investments very liquid, which we believe yes there is a lot of opportunity cost as we move forward. Accounts receivable of $12.3 million is down $4.5 million for the prior end balance of $16.8 million. We talked about this a little bit on the fourth quarter earnings call, we did have a large UK order received right at the end of 2008 which we collected in February and that was a big part of the reduction in the accounts receivable balances. Inventory of $10.3 million is actually down $3.1 million from the December 31 balances, the reduction is really driven a large part by the cartridge order from the UK, which drove our inventory below targeted levels. The reduction in finished goods also resulted in less overhead being capitalized in the inventory. We do expect inventory will increase in Q2 as the safety stocks replenished and initial inventories of some of the new products such as Shockwave and XREP are produced, but we are certainly happy to see the reduction in Q1 from the operations cash flow perspective. Prepaid and other assets of $1.9 million are down $586,000, this is really driven by mostly due to the amortization of prepaid insurance and our investment in property equipment of $28 million is up 900,000 for the prior year end balance, due to progress payments on the automated manufacturing equipment, some new IT equipment is being brought in house until we support the new products in the pipeline. And our total assets to March 31, 2009 were $131.7 million. On the liabilities and equity side of the balance sheet accounts payable of $4.4 million is up 591,000, this was just really driven mostly by the timing AP check around the year end and increased purchasing activity. Accrued liabilities of $3.9 million are down $452,000, driven mostly by lower accrued income taxes and the current deferred revenue of $2.7 million is up from the prior year balance of $2.5 million due to the sale of more extended warranties in the first quarter of 2009. We finished the first quarter with total liabilities of $18.3 million and stockholders equity of hundred and $13.5 million. We continue to have no long-term debt and have plenty of liquidity on the balance sheet to fund our R&D efforts and investments as we move into the future. Moving to the cash flow information, the company had cash provided from operations of $10.5 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2009 compared to the first quarter of 2008 of $659,000, so a significant increase in cash generation in the quarter. The cash again was driven mostly by the lower accounts receivable for $4.5 million and lower inventory of $3.1 million, we had non-cash 123(R) charges off $1.4 million and depreciation and amortization of $715,000, so you can see sort of the components that showed that cash from operations. We did also have net cash provided by investing activities there at 5000, the company realized $2.5 million from a maturing, actually it was an investment we had in the long-term investments have actually called in the first quarter so that generates $2.5 million of cash and be offset that by $1.7 million of new property equipment purchases. We ended the period with $58.3 million of cash which is up $10.6 million from the prior March 31 balance and as I said earlier we saw plenty of liquidity to manage the business in these challenging times. And with that I would like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith had CEO.
Rick Smith: I am going to talk a little more about our future initiatives. Any of you have not had the opportunity I certainly would invite you to go to EVIDENCE.com and watch the webcast there, it is about a 45 minute webcast that will show you a little better than I can describe just hear her over the phone, where it is that we are going with this new service offering. So with the answer of EVIDENCE.com, we now have the complete solution set that we can take to law enforcement's most challenging problems. Out on the streets with miser at stake our family of TASER ECDs provides the safest and most effective options of police respond resistance. With the eye contact with the computer we streamline the collection and analysis of evidence while preserving and audio/video record from the officer's perspective of what really happened in these incidents, in all incidents, and not TASER incidents, but everything from traffic stops, to the most contagious and dangerous use of force incidents. With EVIDENCE.com we will provide groundbreaking analytical capability for digital information and evidence while preserving a foreseen evidential retail of custody all going to the courts until the last couple of drops. So the point is we are now developing a suite of tools to help our customers not only doing their job in street, but defending their actions and protecting themselves against false allegations and claims against them. And we're building this case ability to EVIDENCE.com in a way that lays the foundation for a secured global network for the law enforcement community. This integrated set of hardware and software tools has the potential we be believe to revolutionize law enforcement in the same way that real-time tactical situation where in this technology have revolutionized the military. If you look back over the past 20 years and you think about how the GPS and economist systems like cruise missiles or GPS guided ammunitions they actually revolutionize our military capabilities in the two wars in the Persian Gulf. We see a similar prospect for technology to be able to revolutionize law enforcement to better information technology. Our assessment is that while many agencies use computers today for the most part, many are still using paper-based forms or they're just printing information and using computers to store documents. AXON with its multi-media recording capabilities and the ability to use GPS to be able to quart where incidents are happening within any jurisdiction is going to give tactical strategic dashboards for law enforcement leadership that will enable them to do a much better job of policing because of real-time information tools. In addition to having tools that help them defend use of force or other types of cases in the court system. So it is not just about creating evidence for the court system it is about creating tactical situation awareness. This integrated set of hardware and software tools has the potential to continue the revolution where he started with a handheld TASER electronic control devices, which are reducing violence, reducing injuries as we saw in Houston cutting worker components by over 90% and those devices are stabilized everyday. AXON and EVIDENCE.com protect truth through an end-to-end integrated solution to capture, store, and analyze digital information and digital evidence and ways that enable both tactical and strategic decision making. EVIDENCE.com brings software as a service for the first time in the mainstream through public safety and law enforcement, you have all heard about the Web 3.0 revolution, Web 1.0 right was Amazon and Wikipedia [ph] sort of the rise of commerce over the Internet, Web 2.0 was the rise in social networks user generated content, YouTube, MySpace, etcetera. zero degrees from Jazz’s background. Web 3.0 is a concept of power-based computing, centrally deployed applications like salesforce.com one of the big ones, Google applications, Microsoft live. EVIDENCE.com is taking some of the best of all integrations, but particularly Web 2.0 with social networking technology to enable better investigative capabilities across agencies and Web 3.0 of deploying software as a service. So law enforcement don't have to go out and figure out and set up their own video data servers or their own media management server forms, we can provide that as a turn-key service. So EVIDENCE.com will create a network that can tie together the eyes and ears of hundreds of thousands of law enforcement officers into a global secured law enforcement collaboration network based on digital information. We believe this capability runs to the core and how to keep our community safe and how to address modern threats facing society. In fact it was the mission of uniting the 18,000 state and local law enforcement agencies into a seamless community with which the United States formed these Department of Online Security. It has been very difficult to however to get through interoperability across these 18,000 agencies with directors from the top down, we believe this is something that can best be accomplished with grounds up – bottom-up approach, like you have seen out in the Internet in general where you can unit people through network sort of built from the user base rather than being dictated from the top. So we believe that the revolutionary capabilities AXON and EVIDENCE.com will create a unified collaboration network along our 14,000 customers. The future is certainly is digital information. Our breakthrough hardware the AXON accelerates the needs from massive data storage and management because of the video that it collects seamlessly, EVIDENCE.com creates both the method and the network through which they can handle this information. In using the software as a service approach removes the burden capital investment and the execution risk in local agencies who are struggling without a hands to the complexities of digital evidence and video in particular. I talked with agencies that have spent millions of dollars in fact I talked with one agency that has spent over $100 million on a customized IT system that was supposed to be an end-to-end system for handling all these new digital assets and that agency scrapped the program after overspending over $100 million. So the solution risk you can't understate that that the very sensitive point for these agencies it is a difficult thing to do, by providing this software and infrastructure as a turnkey service we remove that execution risk for our customers and we're finding that that message really resonates well. We're designing this infrastructure to enable next-generation video analytics and secure social networking to enable really the vision of a unified law enforcement community, the table to interact, interoperate much more effectively. So what we're doing is we're taking elements from a variety of fast moving technology trends and combining them together to our law enforcement. From the administration [ph] of video reporting devices and wearable computers such as the iPhone or Blackberry that many of us where in a pocket every day makes no doubt about it those are computers with communication capabilities with data transfer and e-mail. We are operating that into a dedicated law enforcement hardware and software set. So many of us now use these devices every day, the main contact with computer is of course taking this technology and resetting it for law enforcement. EVIDENCE.com is a world-class Web 3.0 cloud computing solutions perfectly fit to address the highly complex capital-intensive technology need of law enforcement community. It’s a full vision that is for coming realities quickly. We are set to create the technology toolset, the hardware and software product end solutions that enable the vision of a safer community, while making law enforcement more effective and more accountable. I believe our technology will transform this community and it will transform our company from a world-class product manufacturer to a cost technology platform solutions provider. Our customers will receive breakthrough capabilities never before possible and our company benefits with significantly expanded available markets, both in terms of revenue and market segments as we see AXON applicability in adjacent markets, where our prior case of products may have had limited applicability. And further, subscription based software to service greatly reduces the need for our customers to make ample investments, but for our company it creates more predictable streams of recurring revenue while enhancing customer retention and further developing the depth of our customer relationships. Over the past two months, the senior leadership at TASER has met with more than 60 command staff from the top 150 law enforcement agencies to share our vision of TASER, AXON and EVIDENCE.com. The result has been extremely promising. The significant majority of the agencies we met with have validated the customer pain points that we are solving, and their interest in our solution set is high. In fact, we even have received very favorable feedback from agencies who are not significant customers for our core TASER products. So next week, we are holding a technology summit with over 130 participants from leading law enforcement agencies around the world who are coming together the unscathed sale with us to learn more about EVIDENCE.com and to provide further customer input into our final product development phase. In fact, there were 400 officers already participated in focused groups and surveys that have helped us to develop this break free solution set. We know this past year has been a difficult time for us to ask our investors for patience as we significantly expanded our R&D investments in spite of a troubled global economy. The short term challenges of constricted municipal budgets still exist. As I have said before, now is the time for us to invest from a position of strength to extend our lead and enter into new markets. Challenging times favor the strong and the bold. Our company’s financial condition is indeed strong. Our ideas and our people are innovative and our thinking is bold. So thank you for your support. We look forward with great interest for the later half of this year. And with that, we will open it up and take a few questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question is from the line of Eric Wold from Merriman Curhan & Ford. Please proceed.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Hey, good morning.
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: I guess, first of all, for Dan – you might given up the unit numbers as usual for the second quarter.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, absolutely. So the units for the X26 were 13,392, M26 were 3,941, and the C2 actually saw little bit of a decrease, I think its kind of a seasonal nature first quarter as well weaker for us was 5,111 units and then the cartridges again that was where we saw the huge ramp up in units that went from 284,000 in Q4 to 438,000 in Q1, so 438, 337 in cartridges and then TASER counts were 1,710.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Okay. And then question on the stimulus plan because applications are coming in now and obviously you are having conversations with Police Departments about their needs, what kind of an evidence have you seen so far kind of just anecdotally about what your – what level of – what kind of – what percentage of the funds or request you kind of you can possibly allocating towards TASER products.
Dan Behrendt: That’s a great question and Rich, we had good visibility into it, but that visibility point I can give you is that we’ve had little over 230 agencies have approached us for assistance with grant writing through our (inaudible) helpline we set our grants. The one of the challenges is law enforcement tends to look at their grants – is information that they are not going to share, so we don’t get a lot of feedback, it appears to be one way information flow. So the (inaudible) for help would provide information, we’ve provided an integrated set of tools, I think cell based model that helps them estimate not only comps but financial savings, benefits and increase the jobs calculator. So we will be going back to our joint customers. The final deadline would be May 18, so we are still out talking to everybody. The last phase of our communication program will be to get customers used incentivize them to share information with us basically by telling them that we are expecting a lot of grant applications related to TASER and that if they would give us a forecast by letting us know what they are put in for. That will help us to reserve inventory in case we do get a surge of orders. But at this point, we're not getting a lot of feedback. Agencies tend to hold their actual grants pretty close to the best.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Perfect and then, if you look at the AMEA article, maybe a month or so ago whether you estimated this – the grant could generate about a years worth of revenues to the firm. Do you sense of kind of how that came about an estimate?
Dan Behrendt: I was talking with media reporter and he sort of quoted to me what do you think is possible and I just – to may be honest, that’s not a very accurate number, there were no signs behind it and there was more just a matter of their reporter asking, this pretty good job, he is trying to corner me and said, will you agree it might be worth as much as the year of revenue and I forget its not unreasonable. But it’s really hard to say, there is about – out of the 4 billion, there is 2.7 billion that can be used for training and equipment, was proportionate that come towards TASER is going to – it’s really hard to say. So I wouldn't go looking at this as if that was something that we've been able to model, that would represent about 4% of the stimulus funds, we certainly have internal goals. We like to see in terms of the amount of stimulus dollars spent towards TASER products, but your modeling is probably going to be more effective and more accurate than the net number, so it's really just the result of the conversation with the reporter.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Not with the conservative estimate. I guess, lastly –
Dan Behrendt: I allude to you.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Would you get a sense that, I know it's early – you haven't shared a lot of that in the request for products with you, but would you get a sense of the majority of the funds would likely go towards kind of the regular TASER's and cartridges or do you think you could see a lot of this being used towards you are getting people involved in AXON earlier than they may otherwise have been.
Rick Smith: That’s a great question. One thing we can look at in that respect is the American Conference of Mayors was approached by the Obama Administration to put together a witch list of where they worked out, where they wound spend the money, these were shuffle ready projects, now this is not any indication of what – where the money will actually go, so it’s the best time we are out here, but when the Conference of Mayors came back, there was – of saying huge where we would put the money, there was about – we identified in that list about $2.4 million related to TASER devices, we identified $17.5 million for video equipment particularly in dash cameras with surveillance cameras. So based on that sample, 2.4 to 17.5 what we got to start 8X in the organic budget that were produced sort of through this third-party survey at the Conference of Mayors. So that sort of consistent of what we have seen in general, the budget dollars allocated to video solutions in law enforcement kind of run between 5 and 10X of the budget again that’s very sort of inform able, we’ve seen it from a couple of different sources and that’s one of the reasons we accelerate at the launch of EVIDENCE.com and AXON as we figured – we knew that many agencies would be putting in budget requests for both days or end In-Car Video and frankly what we are trying to do is make sure that these agencies don't tend themselves in by putting in a grant request specific for – in car video. As we talked with our customer base, we’ve been letting them know about AXON, EVIDENCE.com and making sure they write their grants. We are hoping that the language would give them the flexibility to use it for on-officer or in-car video. And I think that measure is really resonated. We’ve got a number of agencies we talked to like Bill Lansdowne, the Chief in San Diego is out on National Public Radio and announced that they basically held offline deploying in car video in favor of AXON and has quietly done that feedback from a significant number of departments. So the – from the stimulus package perspective, there is a bigger pool of funds to go after for the AXON, EVIDENCE.com just based on those factors I gave you previously.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Perfect. Thank you guys.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster from JP Morgan. Please proceed sir.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Thanks. Rich, when does the AXON product actually go on sale?
Rick Smith: We are currently targeting the end of this summer around the August timeframe that we would begin to field shipments.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Okay and when does the sort of sales pipeline start to build? Has it already started?
Rick Smith: Well, with the law enforcement, they are going to want to go through testing evaluation phase with products and the larger the agencies generally the longer the testing evaluation phase is going to take. So we've got a significant pipeline of interest, but until we can start putting the physical product on people's hands, we are not able to really predict any pipeline flow yet. Other than, its been pretty – it's been very well received, much – I can compare this to one when we were launching TASER into the law enforcement market, that was a much harder fight to get people to accept this concept given electronic weapon years ago when we really entered law enforcement. The management is now two-fold, number one we are coming back, TASER has built a deep relationship with law enforcement not only because of the weapon that we provide it, it’s really impacted their job the streets like for Houston example, that’s a factor frankly where as aggressive as we are in defending law enforcement, officers, they love that. One time when you talk to police, then you are really frustrated about, a cop on the street who is involved in an incident where the agency gets sued and the agency settles, those officers look at that as an affront to their honor, they get very emotional – they do not like these cities stepping up and settling going to get the agency. So its agents have been very aggressive about defending those claims in fact we were appointed where we filed the lawsuit in Ohio against the medical examiner. In that case, where an officer has been charged with murder because of frankly it was a bad ruling from medical examiner and 15 officers were sued. We stepped in when after the medical examiner got – prevailed in court and because of that, that officer was basically exaggerated in that case. So those types of actions have built the real deep relationship of trusts with law enforcement. So now as we are coming back from our second major product category set, we've got a very strong relationship of trusts which we will never violate with our customers and we are fetching in area where because of the (inaudible) work it’s been done with the in-car video business is still – we estimate it to be $350 million annual business in car equipment. So there is an existing budget, we’ve got a – what we believe is a breakthrough solution set and strong relationship. So how fast it will accelerate though is really going to be a function of – that we are not able to put any real numbers on it and so we get units out on the hands of agencies and we’ve got these other uncertainty factor of the stimulus dollars. And all of these things will be heading by our estimation around the late third quarter and into the fourth quarter, so I wish I could give you a more specific answer rather than we do see a lot of opportunity and a lot of green light indicators, but this is a big opportunity for us.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Should we assume that initially some sales or product sale in the EVIDENCE.com service revenues kind of kick-in a couple of quarters later.
Rick Smith: Yeah, I think there is probably – we're still (inaudible) go to market on that. There may be – I certainly think that the – we will have the EVIDENCE.com service up and running right out of the gate, exactly when that revenue start to flowing, I think we still need to work with our sales and marketing to partners to figure out what's the best way to position that, but certainly we want that recurring revenue stream to start looking – and also obviously our customers get use to having to pay for that service. So I think the ramp is really going to be – is a big question, I think the stimulus is probably the biggest wild card right now that could cause a quicker adoption that look like – otherwise happen naturally, but it's so kind of remains to be seen.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Do you think the product – the AXON product will be – the revenue recognition will be amortized over the life of the service contract essentially?
Rick Smith: No, our intent right now is to buy for those two and recognize the product sale upfront and then the service ratably overtime.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Okay, got it. All right, now with respect to the near term outlook, I realize you don’t issue guidance, but we should be pretty conservative at the second quarter and the first half of the third quarter, it sounds like and then hopefully the stimulus spending will – and the uncertainty around that – it will be relieved and will start to see the some kind of upgrade cycles and new sales kicking in late third quarter, is that the great way of thinking about things here?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, this is Dan. Yes, I think that's the right way to look at. I think not only do the stimulus dollars flow, but any of the money that may be spent on the sidelines as people wait for the stimulus dollars and maybe money that's budgeted right now that gets spot for a quarter or quarter and a half as people wait for the stimulus funds and then – if they don't get the stimulus, then that money still flows in the purchase of stocks, right now I think there is definitely some near-term risk.
Rick Smith: Let me add one other thing, on the topic of the AXON revenue recognition, so we've announced pricing at $1700 per AXON unit which is about a third of the customers in car videos, we think it's very favorably positioned competitively, but it's twice the revenue opportunity of the TASER X26 from the sell in opportunity. The recurring revenues, we’ve announced pricing of the EVIDENCE.com service at $100 per officer per month in terms of revenue, so obviously you can do a math on that, that $1200 per year in recurring revenue that again is pretty favorable even compared to the sell in opportunity with the TASER X26. So sort of twice the sell in revenue opportunity, plus recurring revenue opportunities we talked about, but we've have had a number of agencies in some particular market segments like the (inaudible) segment have alerted us that they may prefer to lease the equipment and have an integrated monthly service fee that include both the service and the hardware. So there is unique [ph] possibility we may look into now with the third-party leasing companies, so that we would effectively sell the hardware – to recognize that revenue, but I don’t want to put a line on your hand here that we will not amortize – we may have market techniques where we make a determination given the amount of cash you got on the balance sheet and the wealth of costs that go into leases, we may end up having some segments where we amortize the hardware over the life to get it with the service.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Okay, last question. Can you give us any outside on what was happening with the National Police in France?
Rick Smith:
 : It’s just a challenging thing to try to correct that business. I don’t think you want to confuse, because those guys – because I know every year – every conference call we are talking about predicting the future, we're telling how hard it is, the EVIDENCE.com which we will be able to model the recurring revenue, so at least a portion of our business and a growing portion of our business will become more predictable, that's one of the reasons that we've really focused on launching this new service.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig-Hallum. Please proceed, sir.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum:
 :
Rick Smith: Good morning.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Most of mine had been answered, a couple of them a while ago probably a year ago you had talked about installing some automation equipment that would make the production of cartridges a little bit less labor intensive, a little bit more automated which was intended to improve margins. Where are we in that cycle I guess?
Dan Behrendt:
 :
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay and then what kind of an improvement I guess do you expect in operations margin vise or I mean nothing to hold you to, but what are the thoughts, I expect I am sure this is – I think at one point was going to be an $8 million or $9 million piece of equipment.
Dan Behrendt: Yes, that’s right. There is a – we are certainly going to see a margin impact, I think the tough thing is you are going to be – you're right out of the gate, we may not be as significant as we will see as you sort of get that piece of equipment running exactly as we would like to see it and thoughts of – a function of the amount of cartridges we are selling each quarter, we certainly would have loved to have it this quarter with the large volume, but we do expect that the price will have a positive ROI and be a thought contributor to margins in the second part of this year.
Rick Smith: From a product life cycle management perspective, this is – we are timing this absolute as that equipment is coming online, so some of our newer products like AXON and XREP. So we are able to redeploy our workforce on to some of those other new products. So from a global perspective, it will be a transition period as we are shifting people around, so we should see the cartridge margins improving on a lever basis as we redeploy those people on to some of the other devices that we are making. But this is – it's not to make clean cut off, it's going to be sort of a transition period.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay, thanks. And then the other thing I was wondering if you could give a little bit of additional color on the UK order, I think you shipped some handles in Q4 and then you had indicated a big cartridge shipment in Q1, what sort of left on that initial I guess funding tender or is that pretty much through the pipeline now or not in the field?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, our expectation is really most of those dollars allocated have been used at this point. I think what was significant is, we had the sort of UK central government funding both the purchases of handles and the cartridges, and I think they’ve originally approved the purchase of 10,000 handles. I think really what’s happened, we reallocated some of those dollars into the cartridges because they bought 5000 handles right at the end of 2008 and no cartridges. So given – they typically use about 50 cartridges per year in trading, we knew that they may be coming back just in Q1 for significant cartridge purchases which we did see. And so – they did bought some more handles and then reallocate some of the dollars to the cartridges. At this point, there is still potential sales for the rest of the year through the (inaudible) that’s how it was funded traditionally and then the central government stepped up to make this significant purchase and I think there is still opportunity that's (inaudible) to purchase on their own.
Steve Dyer – Craig-Hallum: Okay. All right, great, thank you.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Greg McKinley from Dougherty. Please proceed, sir.
Pete Mann – Dougherty and Company: Yes, hi, this is actually Pete Mann [ph] calling with Greg. Say, I got a couple of questions guys. Looking at the gross margin, we are just under 50% this quarter, which was down from the last three quarters, kind of where do you see that kind of running for 2009 for the last three quarters?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, we have certainly – we saw – the mix impact this quarter, the shift from electronic control devices to cartridges had about a 1.8% impact. So just that – if that alone would have put us back up into the lowest 60s. Certainly our internal target has stayed north of 60, but as I have said on prior calls and unfortunately this quarter I think it’s sort of pore [ph] that out the fact that our mix does have a kind of have a pretty material impact on the margins. I think in the fourth quarter, we enjoyed a real heavy mix of electronic control devices which was beneficial for us. This quarter, we saw a ship back at cartridges, we expect that – the second quarter will have more a traditional mix, but then the other part of the drive is obviously our overall sales volumes will have an impact, we do have fixed cost to carve as well, but our term targets are always to be above 60% and if the sales – depending on sales levels and mix, we certainly think that – those targets are still reasonable.
Pete Mann – Dougherty and Company: Fair enough. Now coming along that same topic, where do you guys see EVIDENCE.com and AXON sitting into the gross margin picture. Those going to be like higher margin products, I assume the EVIDENCE.com would be, but how does AXON kind of sit in that picture?
Dan Behrendt:
 :
Pete Mann – Dougherty and Company: Excellent. That’s very helpful. Last question, looking at your operating cost, I know you guys mentioned that research and development is going to remain at kind of these levels throughout the rest of the year, but from an SG&A perspective, do you see that your headcount kind of where you wanted to be at or you still kind of pursuing some other people to fill other software holes or other initiatives that you guys are tackling?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, I mean it’s certainly – I think it’s a great question. I mean there is certainly some more hedge we need to add, the – especially around sort of the AXON and EVIDENCE.com products, selling that software as a service is a different animal, there is sales, engineering, talent that we are going to need because it is a little bit more complex as far as how we speck it out and how we implement the product. So there is certainly some infrastructure there that – I think we are sort of nearing the completion of that ramp up of headcount, I think in the near term, we’ve got the Tech Summit, its going to happen in the second quarter which is a incremental expense. We think that the money we are putting there, we think is very well invested because its going to gather both good information about the product features and making sure we are heading the mark that also gives our customers a really good introduction to the product and get them excited about the technology that comes to market. We also have in the second quarter the expenses around the annual report to proxy at the end of shareholders meeting, so there is some incremental things for the second quarter that are kind of unique to the second quarter, but certainly we are paying attention to the cost where we are trying to make sure that we are smart about where we are making the investments and really spending the money where we think we got the best return and investments more strategic, but certainly it’s a little bit of a challenge as we kind of really transform the company and really get ready for the sort of the next phase in the company’s growth cycle.
Pete Mann – Dougherty and Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rick Smith for closing remarks.
Rick Smith: Thank you very much. Again it was – I don’t want to overlook to think that on a revenue basis, I believe this [ph] is the strongest first quarter we’ve ever had.
Dan Behrendt: That’s right.
Rick Smith: Not many companies are saying that in Q1 2009. So Broadware [ph] seems it has been able to do. As you know historically, we’ve returned funds to shareholders from share repurchases etc. We over the past year, we made the strategic decision as rather than returning cash that we had an outstanding investment opportunity with AXON, EVIDENCE.com and so we’ve been able fund that from our operating cash flow and from our operating income streams, and as you start to model this, you will all realize the total available market opportunity is at least as large as our existing business, so we are thinking obviously on a pro forma basis, the investment made a lot of sense.
 :
Dan Behrendt: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Rick Smith - Chief Executive Officer and Cofounder Daniel M. Behrendt - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Paul Coster - JPMorgan Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co. Gregory McKinley - Dougherty and Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2008 TASER International Earnings Conference Call. My name is Frances and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operators Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO of TASER International. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Before we start this call this morning, I'd like start out by remembering TASER Investor Jack Cover who passed away this month after a long fight with Alzheimer's disease. Tom and I founded this company with Jack back in 1993 and I spent the first months learning inventorship in a garage in Tucson from a man who is at one point the chief scientist and the private subcontractor of the Apollo moon landing project. I'll never forget that incredible experience, or the amazing human being that Jack was. Unfortunately, it seems our society never recognized his greatness until he's gone. I know that future generations will look back to Jack Cover's invention as a turning point in history, when we stopped focusing on finding ever more deadly ways to kill each other and instead began a search for more humane ways to end our conflicts without taking human life in the process. I'm going to turn it over to Dan, to get the process started for our call this morning with our Safe Harbor statement.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Thanks Rick. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement market, expansion of the product sales into the private, security, military and consumer and self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing products and accounts expansion of production capabilities, new product introductions, product safety, and our business model. Be cautioned that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, the establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attract and retaining the endorsement to key opinion leaders and law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete, and accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in the international and domestic orders, implementation risks of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introduction risks, rapid manufacturing and production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and deaths and the negative impact that could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risk of government investigation regulations, TASER product tests, and reports, dependent upon key employees, employee retention risks, and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I'll turn it back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks, Dan. For the fourth quarter of 2008, revenues were $26.4 million, a $4.6 million or 15% decrease over the same quarter in the prior year. However, on a sequential basis, sales increased $3.5 million, driven primarily by huge incremental growth in international orders, despite a weakening global economy. Operations continued to demonstrate real improvement, as our gross margin increased to 63.4% in the fourth quarter compared to 55.2% in the fourth quarter of 2007. Consistent with our strategy announced last year, R&D increased by $3.2 million, or 268%, in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared to same period in 2007; reflecting our ongoing commitment to invest in new technology and product diversification. Net income for the quarter was $6.6 million compared to the $7.2 million for the same period a year ago; net income in diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter was $3.6 million and $0.06 respectively. Revenue for the year was $92.8 million compared with revenue of a $100.7 million in 2007, a decrease of 8%. And despite the decline in revenues, gross margin for the year was 61.4% compared to the 57.1% driven by our focus on a lean operating environment. Net income and diluted earnings per share were $3.4 million and $0.05 respectively. The company generated $8.1 million in cash from operations during 2008, ending with cash and equivalents of $46.9 million and zero debt. The company also repurchased 1.8 million shares of our stock worth $12.5 million during the second quarter of 2008. Needless to say, it feels pretty good to be in the strong financial condition that we are, given what's happening in the global economy. A lot of companies are struggling for their survival and we are in a position to be able to execute on new opportunities in these times, which we believe of course really will position us for a lot of growth as we come out of the global recession. Our operating income before research, development and extraordinary expenses was 22% for the quarter. If you look at the impact of the... reversing the charges related to the Heston case would have been 41.7%. Of course we consider that an extraordinary event. While it's not GAAP, but Dan and I would like to keep our eye on operating income excluding R&D and extraordinary expenses, because that's the way for us to look at how efficiently we're running the business, excluding things outside of our control like litigation as well as the R&D expenses. So of course, what we're trying to do is make sure that while we're investing in R&D, that those expenses don't take our eye off the ball in running an efficient business. For the year, our operating income before R&D was 19.5% in 2007, that number was 24.6%. A lot of significant events in the fourth quarter; international sales increased to 28% of total net sales compared to 16% in the third quarter. We sold 5000 TASER X26 ECDs following the announcement of the UK government intends to fund 10,000 unit for police offices in England and Wales as they continue to rollout TASER devices beyond just firearm officers. 550 TASER X26s from the Korean National Police as they expand their program, a 1000 TASER ECDs to the Brazilian National Guard as they begin to spin out the TASER program. And we are investing to build our international success. We've gotten new hires with the European sales manager in Q4 and a new Middle-Eastern sales manager in the first quarter. And some of our increases in SG&A that you'll see are related to investments both in international sales infrastructure as well as additional sales and marketing support for the new business initiatives, I'll talk about more at the end of the call. Domestically, we saw LAPD purchase 1275 TASER X26s, Jacksonville Sheriffs Office 480, and Orange County Sheriff's Office with a 101 TASERs in Northern California. C2 sales grew in our consumer market from 4 million in 2007 to 6.1 million in 2008. Overall the C2 product lines generated 6.8% of sales, probably to offset some of the decreased municipal spending in our domestic LE sector. We also added this year significant new hire of Nick Pappas, our VP of Strategic Communications, which includes marketing, to help focus on further developing the consumer segment. You may recall, Nick has a very strong background coming from Gateway Computers, where he led the team that developed Gateway.com, that he was one of the twelve program leaders to do BestBuy.com at Best Buy, moving on to Circuit City and Luxottica Eyewear. His intensive... he's leading an extensive effort to develop the lightweight retail displays messaging (ph) and packaging to further refine our C2 products for expanded retail success. You've seen a number of mainstream retailers come on this year, are now turning to C2. We've also demonstrated a number of innovated new products and concepts at the International Association of Chiefs of Police Conference in San Diego including the TASER AXON, the new Controlled Digital Power Magazine for the X26, the TASER Shockwave and the TASER XREP. We have at this point made a decision that the XREP, which is previously target for our first quarter launch is going to slip to second quarter. The reason is that last year when we were in field trials, we made a determination to do some significant design enhancements on the XREP based on what we are learning in our validation process. Those design enhancements have been very successful. We've received that part of production tooling and we've done preliminary builds. We believe we have cut the touch time in manufacturing in terms of labor by over 50%, enhanced the robustness of the round both from an electrical standpoint as well as mechanical standpoint. We got to second battery to increase cold weather performance. But when this was to happen, when we put the whole round back together, we actually learnt that it significantly changed the aerodynamic performance of the round actually in a good way. We're seeing significantly better aerodynamic performance, but what that's meant is the sense that we design to stabilize around through spin stabilization are in fact too large now for the rounded spinning it too fast. So we've got to go back and we're now redesigning those spins for this better aerodynamic profile. What this will mean at the end of the day is we'll actually get, we believe longer range with less drop and less loss of velocities, we can decrease the profile of those spins. It just means it is going to mean retuning the device and some retooling on the spins, which will flip this into probably late in the second quarter till our truck goes to market. But we do continued to get fantastic input from law enforcement, a lot of interest in this round and it is a significant round. This will be by far the most sophisticated, effectively it's a missile system launched from the 12 gauge shotgun. So that you can understand the complexity of bringing that system reliably to market. Also this year, there were a number of new studies published. In fact, 36 company funded medical studies and safety studies republished in 2008 and then also 236 medical safety studies published on TASER devices, making it the most studied of any less-lethal weapon system despite some of the sounds likes that get repeated in the public media sometimes, there is no system with more published studies in law enforcement trends today. Our three more product liability suits were dismissed in the fourth quarter, representing at the end of total of 77 wrongful death or injuries suits that have been dismissed or judgment entered in favor of the company. We also saw a significant victory on October 28th when the District Court in the Northern District to California eliminated the $5.2 million in punitive damages in the Heston case. It's a significant legal finding in the company's favor and it reduces the estimated total damages by over 97% to 153,150 in compensatory damages, which amount is fully covered by our insurance. As a result, the company has reversed the related $5.2 million litigation judgment expense in the fourth quarter of 2008. The company also established our new TASER Virtual Systems division headquartered in Carpinteria, California and appointed former senior Microsoft strategy leader Jas Dhillon to run that new division. This new division represents the core of our new growth strategy on transforming the company's product offering into a network and intelligent devices that creates breakthrough informational and tactful capabilities for our customers. And I will come back to that at the end of the call to provide a little more detail. And finally from the strategic relationship with Mossberg, one of the world leaders in firearm arm manufacturing and certainly one of the world leaders in shotguns. Together with Mossberg, we co-developed a TASER X12 less-lethal platform, which has been tuned specifically to enhanced perform to the XREP and we've implemented a new patent pending radial key technology that enabled us to build a shotgun platform based off of Mossberg mill-stack approved existing platform, but we've now added a technology where this system will reject lethal rounds and will only accept less lethal rounds. Again, tremendous feedback. For law enforcement, they really like that feature because it eliminates the risk of an officer loading a lethal round by accident in a less lethal situation. That device, the TASER X12 by Mossberg will be going to market contemporary use with the TASER XREP later this year. So let me pass over to Dan who'll talk about financial matters and I'll then I'll be back.
Daniel M. Behrendt: Thanks Rick. I'll go through the financial results a little bit more detail. As Rick indicated, sales for Q4 were 26.4 million, which are down 4.6 million from the prior year, but up sequentially 3.5 million from Q3, mostly driven by the increased international sales which contributed to 28% of our sales for the current quarter. And some of those large international sales that we shipped in Q4 were the UK, Brazil and South Korea. Gross margins of 16.7 million or 63.4% of sales were up 8.2% as percent of sales from the prior year. The increase in margin was caused by several factors, including elimination of most cash and distributor discounts, lower overtime and temporary labor expenses, better productivity, lower warranty expense and improvements in our scrap expense for the year. The $450,000 decrease in the indirect manufacturing expenses again was driven by the lower scrap and supply expenses partially offset by lower absorption of planned overhead due to lower manufacturing levels in the fourth quarter of 2008, versus the fourth quarter 2007. SG&A expenses of 10.9 million for the quarter versus 8.8 million in the prior year, the increase is driven by higher salaries and benefits of $594,000 due to higher head count. Consulting and lobby expenses are up $775,000 versus prior year due to additional marketing consulting to support C2 product line and some of the new products. We're going to be offering in 2009, as well as the IT consulting relating to the upgraded to our new version of the ERP system that we are going to put in place in the early 2009. Legal expenses increased $382,000 due to more outside legal and expert witness fees and the 123(R) expenses for the quarter increased by $355,000 due to the auctions granted in 2008, including auctions granted mid-year which replaced the cash bonus program. Cash bonuses were down $203,000 during the fourth quarter as a result, partially offsetting that 123(R) increase. On the research and development line, research and development expenses were $4.5 million for the quarter, which is an increase of 3.2 million over the prior year, again mostly driven by the, as in previous quarters the outside development costs of $1.5 million on the AXON products. We had higher salaries and 123(R) charges of $739,000 due to the increased head count as just both those hardware development and our new software development same headquarter in California, and increased supply cost of $625,000 mostly due to the cost associated with developing working prototypes for these new products in the pipeline. We do expect high R&D spending to continue into 2009. Our heavy investment R&D is really driven by our strategy of product line expansion and diversification. We have several new and differentiated products in the pipeline, which will better position TASER to capture market share and address the new opportunities as the economy improves. The company did reverse the $5.2 charge related to the punitive damages in the Heston case based on the judge granting the company's motion to throw out our punitive damages in October 2008. The original charge was taken in the second quarter of 2008 when the jury vertically joined it and before motion related to the punitive damages was ruled on. Income from operations for the fourth quarter was $6.5 million and pre-tax income was $6.8 million for the quarter. The decrease in income from the prior year was mostly driven by the higher SG&A and R&D expenses partially offset by the reversal of the Heston punitive damages during the quarter. Net income for the quarter was 3.6 million, or $0.06 per share at both basic and diluted basis. One of the things that I just want to point out is that 123(R) charges were definitely a driver in both the SG&A and the R&D expenses for the quarter. The company has... the total for the 123(R) charges for Q4 were just a little over $1 million. That's up about $650,000 over the prior year and up about $360,000 from Q3 of 2008. We expect that 123(R) charges will grow further in 2009. One of the things I want to know is a large proportion of the new options or performance based options, which are tied to the successful launch of new products, and into the market. And the other thing that's really driven the option expense in the fourth quarter will drive into next year as we ramp-up our TASER Virtual Systems business in California, we're hiring more employees that are competing for employees that put a high value on equity compensation. As a result we're going to see that 123(R) charge grow over the current million dollar number in 2009. We'll see. Certainly, we'll talk about that in future quarters, but that's just become a bigger part of our compensation structure here. That's something you should expect to see going forward as well. Results for the year. Sales for the year were $92.8 million, which were down 7.8% or 7.9 million from the prior year. Gross margins of 57 million or 61.4% of sales were up 4.3% as percentage of sales from the prior year. The increase in margin was a result of several factors including elimination of most of the cash and distributor discounts, lower labor expenses, improved productivity, improvements in material costs and scrap expense. The indirect manufacturing expense of $9.1 million is down 2.6 million from the prior year, mostly due to the lower scrap, warranty, and supply expenses and better leverage on the some of the fixed expenses we had. The SG&A expenses at 38.9 million are up 6 million over the prior year, and mostly driven by increased salaries and benefits of 2 million due to the increases in head count, higher advertising costs mostly due to the commercial of 1.1 million, higher consulting costs for marketing, public relations, and IT of $1 million and higher recruiting relocation expenses of $500,000 due to hiring of new executives during 2008. R&D expenses of 12.9 million are up 8.5 million over the prior year due to increase in outside development costs most associated with the AXON product of 4.2 million, higher salaries and benefits of 1.4 million, and higher supply costs of 1.3 million driven by the costs associated developed in the prototypes of the new product in the pipeline. Income from operations is $5.2 million for the year and pretax income was $6.9 million with net income for the year being $3.4 million or $0.05 per diluted share. Moving on to the balance sheet. We finished the year with $49.4 million of cash investments due to the decrease of $10.9 million from the prior year and really that decrease is driven by the stock buyback of $12.5 million that was announced and completed in the second quarter. The company now has $46.9 million in cash on its balance sheet and due to the uncertainty in the market that company has elected to keeps the investments (inaudible). So you'll see that cash balance likely to stay high during the year and keep that liquidity in the business. Accounts receivable jumped in the fourth quarter to $16.8 million. This is up $5.1 million from the prior year and the large driver there is we had the U.K. order we shipped right the end of 2008, and saw the announcement in early 2009. We've already received payment on that order but again with such a large order shipping at the end of the year that's really had a pretty big impact on the AR balances. But as we've said, we've already collected that... on that order for the UK. Inventory of $13.5 million is in line with the prior year balances as the company successfully worked out the higher inventory balances from early in the year, that were produced to support the anticipated higher sales levels. We were able reduced inventory in the fourth quarter by roughly $4 million. The mix of the inventory has also changed from prior year with a large investment of raw materials offset by lower working process inventories as the company adopt some more lean production practices. Prepaid and another asset of $2.5 million are down $1.8 million from the prior year due to insurance receivables collected and expected the prepaid production cost in the commercial 2008, an amortization prepaid insurance. Investment in property and equipment of $27.1 million it's up $3.5 million from the prior year balance. Drivers here, most of the progress payments on the automated manufacturing equipment to new IT equipment and tooling to support the new products in the pipeline. And total assets this year was $129.6 million of assets. On the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable include liabilities $8.1 million are actually down $2 million for the prior year due to some timing difference in our year-end check rounds for accounts payable and some lower purchasing activities in the 2008 versus 2007. Current deferred revenue of $2.5 million is actually up for the prior year and balance $1.7 million due to the sale of more extended warranties in 2008 and total liabilities at 12/31 are 17.2 million and we finished the quarter with 112.3 million in stockholder's equity. We did finished another year with no long-term debt, but we do have a revolver of $10 million we've not had but and would have plenty of liquidity to fund our business here and certainly feel good about that as we move in the 2009 here. On the cash flow information, the company did have cash provided from operations of $8.1 million for the year ended 12/31/08 compared to cash provided from operations at $13.9 million in the prior year. Cash generated in the current year was driven by lower prepaid asset levels, depreciation, 123R charges and is partially offset by the higher ARG large year, year-end order for the UK. Net cash provided by investing activities was $8.1 million, as company realized $50 million from maturing and called investments which were partially offset by $6.1 million in new property and equipment purchases. Company used $12.2 million in financing activities, mostly driven by the stock buyback at $12.5 million approved and executed in the second quarter. We did purchase 1,791,000 shares of approximately 2.9% of our outstanding stock in the second quarter of 2008. The company ended the period with $46.9 million of cash which is up $4.1 million from the prior year end. With that I would like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith our CEO.
Rick Smith: Thanks Dan. So as you all know we are investing heavily in research and development. We've invested an incremental $8 million over 2007. And again it's good to be in a position where we can make this kind of investment and we are funding it out of our existing profits in cash flow. We've not had to dig into the cash on our balance sheet. In fact this year we are able to return $12.5 million to our shareholders through a share repurchase. Now while we are making this investment in R&D, as you've seen, we've also seen some significantly improvements in operations. Last year we made the decision to invest into significant new hires. Steve Mercier has been nothing short of phenomenal in my opinion; our new Executive Vice President of Operations. Look what he has done in a very challenging economic environment. We saw the top line decrease, yet we've seen an almost 9 percentage point improvement in margins over the prior year. And at the same time look what's happened with our inventory. We've entered 2008, we certainly have high inventory levels as we are ramping for continued improvements in sales, and obviously the global economy took unexpected time as well as gas prices that are big issue for our customers. Steve's just done a fantastic job of working through those challenging environment and really improving our overall operations. We've talked little bit earlier about Nick Pappas who joined us as our Executive VP of Strategic Communications which includes marketing. And you have all seen his background; very strong in both e-commerce and consumer, as well as communications is general. We also hired Irene Blomgren as our Executive VP of Human Resources. Irene was key in finding the type of talent in Steve and Nick and then a new hires out which you've seen out of TASER Virtual Systems. Have you seen, we've been bringing in some real world-class talent over TASER Virtual System. Let me talk about some of those people real quick and then we'll talk a little bit more about what they're doing for us. As you all know, Jas Dhillon our Chief Strategy Officer and General Manager of TASER Virtual Systems has just an incredible background. He has been the founder and CEO of two very successful Internet ventures; one in social computing with Zero Degrees that was acquired 30 months after its launch by Interactive Corp. providing each investors return on invested capital. Prior to that, Jas was the founder of BlueLine Online, one of the early pioneers of software as a service enterprise solutions in the Internet space. Based on it, Jas went on to become one of five executives responsible for defining, developing and executing Microsoft Office Live's strategy. And as Microsoft Office Live is on four major strategic initiatives in Microsoft, its spearheads Microsoft's transition to software as a service business model. The fact that we were able to entice Jas to leave such a prominent position really is the tip of the spear in the war between the Microsoft and Google, to come and head up our TASER Virtual Systems, to me is a major tool and a real resounding endorsement of our strategy. Yogesh Saini, our Senior Vice President of Internet Services at TASER Virtual Systems, I'll talk of TVS for simplicity from here now. Yogesh was CEO of ZenSutra Software Technologies an Internet services firm delivering custom solutions for Fortune 100 and 500 clients. He also was involved in Zero Degrees of Jas, wealth management innovators such as Yodlee, technology leader Hewlett Packard. He was also one of the founders of BlueLine Online. So Jas is probably with him some of the talent that he has used to build historically some of his software teams. Jason Droege, our Vice President of Internet Services and Product Development, is basically running our Software Engineering Group. Jason began his career as the Cofounder of Scour Inc, the first multimedia search engine on the Internet, which he founded from his dorm room at UCLA in 1997. They grew Scour to over 1 million daily users and 65 employees. It become the number-one search engine for video in 1999 and eventually sold to CenterSpan. Of course, having founded the first major video-search engine, when we look at some of the things we're doing that's a critical skill tech for us, let's say. After transitioning Scour over the CenterSpan, he started Back9Golf, which created an after market for pre-owned gold inventory essentially creating the Kelley Blue Book of golf. He then went on and joined SIPphone, Inc as President responsible for all product management, engineering business development, where they built and deployed a global VoIP video conferencing, instant messaging and file sharing network with over 6 million registered users by October of 2008. SIPphone also known as Gizmo5 is regarded as being the largest independent competitor to Skype for VoIP and video conferencing. He joined us in November of 2008 and is responsible for all Internet service product development engineering. Chris Van Vleit our Chief Software Systems Architect and frankly one of the smartest guys I've ever met. Chris has over ten years of proven experience developing and delivering cutting edge Internet service in desktop Internet applications. Prior to TASER, he was the CTO and Chief Software Architect at KallOut Inc. a highly innovative company developing and delivering next-generation selection-based search applications in the consumer market space. He was also the CTO and VP of Network Operations for Cafe.com, a Wi-Fi network serving the retail food franchise industry, which was acquired in 2005. He's also provided expert consulting services from many years on software architecture and scalability to companies in the financial document management and the financial transaction sectors. And we also have one other new hire our VP of Product Management. We'll be putting a press release out in the near future. This individual comes with a 12-year track record of accomplishment in designing, launching, and scaling large scale Internet services. Prior to CVS, he served as Vice President of Product Management in a firm where he managed the development of a social community platform with over 6 million unique visitors and 240 million page views per month. He was a key member of the team that launched citysearch.com, the first premiere local online resource, and is considered a pioneer in developing local strategies. He actually spearheaded the creation of first radius based search engines. Alright. So what are these people working on here at TASER international, less be the weapons manufacturer. And what vision has enticed them to come here? I'm going to give you a little bit more visibility say, but obviously we're not going to give you full visibility to already a launch. So looking at mission at TASER is to protect life. We make devices that are used during critical dangerous incidents to bring them under control. However, what we've learnt is that dropping a resistant subjects to the ground and getting them into the custody is not the end of our customers problem, it is only to beginning, particularly for our law enforcement agency customers. For nearly every incident that requires a physical use of force in the field, invariably leads to a legal conflict where lawyers and judges and jurists spends years analyzing and debating what unfolds in a few seconds when officers must make life and death decisions. So whether its prosecuting a violent offender to seek a conviction, or defending officers from allegations of excessive force and civil plans, agencies spends millions of dollars. In fact many of our larger agencies spend tens of millions of dollars every year adjudicating these incidents. In fact agencies spends orders of magnitude, more financial resources, adjudicating these cases than they spend in the incidents themselves. We at TASER International come to understand these litigation issues, because we have become a partner with our law enforcement customers in defending many of these cases. As I said before, it doesn't tell makes you stronger, as we have now adjudicated by the present time over 80 of these cases and I have personally sat for every trial that TASER has gone through. We've come to understand uniquely among the private sector, how these challenges face law enforcement. And it is from this point of view that we now approach these problems holistically, from protecting lives during actions in the streets to protecting truth in the court room, we're developing a suite of tools and technologies that will provide our customers an end-to-end solution set from the moment an incident begins until the last gabble drops. In fact, its not an entirely new endeavor for us. We've always led the way with advanced accountability systems. If you look back when we launched the M26 in 1999, we added a data port feature in the M26 that recorded information about how the M26 is used. It could be downloaded to a computer. With the X26, we added a USB data port with advanced connectivity and more information. In 2006 we added the TASER Cam with audio-video recording capabilities. We are now realizing the power of connecting these intelligent microprocessor-controlled systems into an information node on a network to generate evidentiary and tactical information capabilities that have never before been possible. So make no doubt about it, we will continue to dominate the less-lethal law enforcement market with renewed focus on our consumer corrections in military markets. And take TASER to a whole new level with greater growth opportunities in incident video and digital evidence management, which compliments our ECD products that expands our product lines to high margin, video evidenced management and storage. As I have met with law enforcement leaders to introduce the AXON concept, they have clearly seen that this approach is a breakthrough. Moving incident video from the petrol car to the officer's perspective, particularly for municipal law enforcement where studies indicate over 90% of the work they do is away from the car. In fact, just to tell you that one of these meetings cheap lands down of the San Diego PD announced on National Public Radio that they stop purchasing in car video systems and will convert over to AXON. We weren't gathering video and receiving information is much as a breakthrough the AXON will be gathering the information is easy part, where agencies are really struggling is what to do with this information. How to store securely, how to manage the incredible amount of data generated and how to create knowledge that drive performance with this information. Organizing this information in ways that it speaks to different user audiences and makes the information relevant and meaningful will drive operational efficiencies, tactical results and frankly we believe will dramatically reduce litigation cost by either disproving false allegations against police immediately and foregoing entire litigation process or at a minimum dramatically reducing the amount of time and efforts spend discovery on factual disputes about what happened during an incident. In fact an analysis when does with our internal team indicate we believe over 50% of the costs of discovery involving ladies' cases is associated with disputed fact. Now fundamentally, this is a software problem. This is where the primary customer team point emergence. And we believe that company have solved this problem and provide the breakthrough capabilities to store, manage, archive and analyze this information in a manner that's easy to use and easy to learn will create a dominant market position and what we estimate to currently be a 350 to $500 million per year market in North America alone for in-car video and storage solutions. So just to put that in prospective, we TASER International currently have a 99% market share in our $92 million a year business. We see an opportunity to become one of the leading companies in this 350 to $500 million market in North America alone and we believe we are positioned and have a number of strategic advantages I'll come to at the end of the call. The existing incident video companies that we've analyzed are fundamentally hardware companies that have approached softwares and afterthought. We've identified that in order to solve this problem we needed to put as much or more effort into the software component as into the hardware system. That's why we decided to set up a separate division TASER Virtual Systems located in California, right in the middle of the Tech Callen pool (ph). And this will not be broken out, by the way, as a separate business segment in our 2009 financials, although it may be in 2010 and beyond. We see tremendous analogies to the consumer MP3 player market in the late 1990s. MP3 players were commodity business. When Apple had the insight that the customer didn't just want a piece of hardware, but an easy to use integrated solution that help them easily put music onto their device, organize it and take it with them, they came to dominate this market. And we all know how successful they have been. For law enforcement there is lots of hardware systems to gather video evidence. But they struggle where to put it and how to put it to use. We are determined to provide an end-to-end solution which solves this problem with a single, easy-to-use integrated hardware and software solutions. Now, why do we think that we can win in this market space. Well first, we point out TASER is already to dominant player clearly in the electronic control device market but you may not know that we're already the market leader in on-officer video with over 30,000 TASER cams in this field today. So we're already the market leader in on-officer video. With AXON and the associated software systems being developed for TVS, we will deliver a double breakthrough. First, the breakthrough hardware solution with AXON that provides incident video from the officers' perspective, coupled with breakthrough software that solved the pinpoint around storing and using this information easily and efficiently. Then third, we have a very strong distribution channel. As video moves on to the officer, our day-to-day interactions with law enforcement traders, provide us with close relationships with customers who come to trust us as an innovative company which provides hi-tech solutions to the problems of cops on the street. We have over 300 master and instructors and total of more than 25,000 instructors who have been certified in our TASER products. We're there with them in the field. Our hard work goes with these cops to their most difficult assignments. So unlike a software company that might approach this from the backend, we are able to approach this problem holistically. We're there with the officer in the field. We understand the entire challenge from capturing resistance subjects all the way through to litigation phase prosecution in defense. And we have now build a world-class software team that's helping us to build to the backend to go with the hardware that we deploy out in the streets. Now, since our last conference call I personally met with chiefs of several of the largest police departments in North America. And the response has been very positive. They acknowledge they are all struggling in dealing with digital weapons. The digital video in particular is a very specialized skilled set, it is very difficult to execute, by going out and having to really look across piecing together different software and hardware solutions organically at every individual agencies and individual projects. Almost all of them have expressed a high degree of interest and several of them have pushed that they want to be the first major agency to deploy the full AXON solutions tests. Now as far as budgets are concerned, several of agencies I've talked to have indicated that their budgets were in-car video and our surveillance and support systems are many multiple higher than the budgets that they have had TASER devices. Engaging in this larger existing budgetary marketplace gives us the opportunity to significantly expand our total available market in terms of total available spend dollars. Now, there surely there are still hurdles to overcome make no doubt about it. There will be need for field trials, acceptance of revolutionary concepts takes time. But I couldn't be more encouraged by the early feedback as that in meeting with leaders of law enforcement as well as law enforcement users, law enforcement union leaders. In fact we've put hundreds of law enforcement officers and focused groups through our development process. In 2008, we made the decision to nearly triple our R&D investment and based on the conversations that I'm personally having with these leading law enforcement agencies, I am confident these bold initiatives will set the company apart in 2009 and beyond. In fact, it recently came to my attention that Business Week published a report that analyzed companies who increased their investments in R&D during the last recession. And they have founded that these companies have outperformed the rest, both from evaluation and also by growing there business. If you go to businessweek.com, go to the search bar and type then how to play it: R&D spending and you'll see the video link come up to that story. We think this study supports our position and our decision not to pullback but rather to increase our investment while potential competitors are reeling in current market conditions. This is an opportunity first to extend our lead, to enter new markets well positioned of strength where others maybe experiencing weakness. One final point. The stimulus package that includes around $4 billion for law enforcement, is part of a broader shift in our economy. Over the next several years, the proportion of government spending as a percentage of GDP is likely to increase significantly vis-à-vis the private sector. Now as a company we're over 80% of our revenues come from governmental customers. Our overall business model stands to potentially benefit from this shift. And I will say though impossible, it's simply impossible to predict how the current economic conditions versus the impact of the stimulus package will affect near term spending patterns among our core customers, but we do believe that we are positioning ourselves long-term to build off of our current revenue customer base and expand in a significant way. And with that we'll wrap up and we'll take a few questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question is from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Hi. Good morning. Rick that was a really interesting overview of what's to come. Unfortunately, I have to switch to the topic that what's here now briefly anyway. What are you seeing in this quarter to-date and as we think about '09, can you give us some sort of initial thoughts about the revenues and expenses as you see them?
Daniel Behrendt: Yeah. I mean obviously it was a tough decision as we don't guide. But, there is certainly the domestic municipal budgets are going to be challenging in '09. We certainly see some headwinds in the U.S. and really until the impact of the stimulus package starts taking effect, it's hard to see that changing dramatically. But internationally we're encouraged by the fact that we're seeing an uptick in international business at the end of the 2008 and certainly as we look at the ability to grow the international business where our penetration is significantly lower than what it is here domestically. We certainly think that puts us in a good position. I think, the other key driver in 2009 as we stated is the new products coming into the market. The second half of 2009 we'll see some of the new products like AXON hit and certainly to the extent that we get market acceptance of those products out of the gate, we would certainly expect to have the sales improve in the second part of the year.
Rick Smith: Let me kind of... Paul this is Rick. That was Dan. I would say that there is a lot of uncertainty. Now uncertainties can be good or bad. This stimulus package, we're trying to get our hands around it. I've got summits coming up with our legal advisors, with our lobbying advisors to really try to understand what that opportunity is. How much of that $4 billion goes to basically law enforcement agencies backfilling their existing budgets or keeping manpower on the street, versus how much goes into equipment purchases. It's something we don't fully understand yet, but that could have a significant impact on the business in the short term. And one other thing I would point out. Part of our strategy is well by building out additional products and services is that the software components of this business will have much more significant recurring revenues than our current business model, which as we roll into the future should build more predictability into our revenue stream. Whereas to-date, we don't generally have much of a backlog. We book and ship our business every quarter. We sort of kill what we eat every quarter from a sales perspective. We believe that's what we're doing in the TASER's Virtual Systems will increase customer's stickiness and will increase software and service recurring revenues that should add a more predictable base line to our business.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: You talked about kind of keeping R&D expenses spending going. Does that mean an increase in '09, or you're talking about just keeping at the level you exited '08?
Rick Smith: Yeah, I think certainly if you look at sort of the fourth quarter run rate on the R&D expenses, there is a 4.5 million. As we look to 2009, we expected that we'll certainly be able to stay within that range of the $4.5 million. It's really going to be some timing differences, but their investment in R&D in 2009 is going to be another heavy year, because of these products in the pipeline that we have and so we do expect that to continue.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Do you think the gross margins are sustainable of this level even with some slight movement up and down in the unit volumes?
Rick Smith: Yeah, I think certainly our internal targets continue to be gross margins about 60%. Mix does drive that, but we've got lot of initiatives on the platform. We've got some training going on right now to train some greenbelts from a quality and lean manufacturing perspective. Steve Mercier has brought in some new supply chain management and Tom O'Hearn who is doing a good job, to drive the supplier cost. So we've got a lot of addition that's going on to make sure those gross margins stay at these higher levels. We certainly feel that the improvements we made in 2008 are sustainable.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Great. Last question Rick. The platform that CVS is developing. Will it embrace third party products, an video that's really installed for instance?
Rick Smith: Yeah I will too much with you John (ph). Our whole goal here you've used the word platform is to build out a dedicated one-stop platform for law enforcements agencies that can assist them with the broader challenges of digital evidence, which can include third party guidance.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Excellent. Thank you. Operator: And the next question is from the line Eric Wold with Merriman Curhan & Ford. Please proceed.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Hey good morning. Couple of questions before I start. Can I get Dan the normal kind of quarterly your unit figures?
Daniel Behrendt: Yes, let's start at that. The cartridges for the quarter were 306,204 cartridges. So that's up a little bit from Q3. The handles of the X26 are 20,001 handles in the quarter. The M26 handles were at 22,409 handles and the T2 handles actually we just thought doubled our unit volume from last quarter at 7836 T2 handles in fourth quarter. So, we had lot of marketing initiatives in Q4 on the T2 and we're able to move a fair amount of product through those initiatives.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: And the CAMS?
Daniel Behrendt: Yeah, TASER CAMS were 1825 cameras in Q4.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Okay. And then one follow-up question from the last gentleman on the R&D you talked about R&D this year, staying in kind of in a consistent level with, with where it was in Q4 as the new product come out. You're getting everything out of as a majority of new product of this year. What do you see it will get too early, but what do you see kind of in 2010, is this kind of new level of R&D setting we should expect kind of going forward as the company continues to innovate or will it start to drop off in 2010?
Rick Smith: Yeah I think it's... a lot of its going to depend on what we see as we look forward as far as the economy and the ability to absorb new products. But certainly, some of the expenses are variable. There's a fair amount consulting that is in the numbers the higher spend rate on AXON some of the other products. So certainly after this products launch, there's opportunity someone have to pull back. But candidly we'll have to look at our position in a market and if we see we are still well positioned to drive new products into the market that's really expand our product offering and leverage our relationships with the customers will probably continue to invest. I think it's probably to your point earlier to project the $0.20 spend at this point a lot of it's going to be driven by what we see in the economy and our ability to grab that market share.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: And then on the domestic front, obviously you did see international revenues that presented total pop up consecutive from Q3 to Q4 but that's going to back it out domestic dollars actually we are flat as Q3 and Q4 which is I guess a positive sign is to may be. What are you hearing kind of from the domestic guides. Is that really just dependant on how their budgets are in terms of if they want to go forth on project. Is the demand still very much there, they're kind of just in a little shaky spending environment and that kind of the outlook they improved you could do that ramp back up?
Rick Smith: We are continuing to see significant demand for the product, I mean everybody is quite literally challenged and right now everybody has gotten their headcount to figure out the impact of this stimulus bill. One thing we are really focusing on, we do cost benefit analyses for law enforcement and when they start making decision about equipment purchases there are very few places where they can make an investment like they can in the pager devices where the reductions in police officer injuries and work for comp plans and reductions in legal force incidents and suspect injuries. So even though if there is talk about the TASER-related litigation, if you actually look at studies of agencies that deploy TASER like Michigan Municipal Risk Management Authority, based on the deployment of TASER's cut their total excessive force litigation by over 50%. So we are really focusing our message of or holding our messaging on these cost-saving attributes of TASER devices to try and make sure that when their spending scarce dollars that lot of it is coming our way.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: And then last question on kind of looking the new parts coming on board this year. You are now looking for a dollar amount of the guidance. Can you give a sense of how significant contribution can new product have this year and then as they come into play kind of on the margins, should we expect kind of with other new product launches in recent years the initial revenues they have got, the new product should be low on margin ramp up or have you worked through the processes such that margins can tend at least comparable to where you're getting now?
Daniel Behrendt: Yeah, that's a really good question. This is Dan. I think we see our ability to sort of grow the business and maintain our current business is really going to be highly dependant on these products. Certainly there is a large market out there for our existing products, but I think in this environment really our ability to go back to especially existing customers that are say fully deployed with the X26 and now have a new product to sell them with the AXON or the Shockwave will certainly I think is going to be a real positive things from a sales perspective. On the margins, we've really done a lot of work on the operations side. We've talk about the good work we've done there. And lot of its also on the new product introduction process. The amount of validation and testing and design attach ability of these new products is much enhanced from what we had, say year and half ago when we launched the C2. I think we made great strides there as a result. I think that the impact on margins out of the gate for these products which is going to be have less than an impact than what we saw in some of the introductions in the past because of the discipline we put in these new this product introduction process now.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford & Co.: Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Daniel Behrendt: Thanks Eric. Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question is from the line Greg McKinley from Dougherty and Company. Please proceed.
Gregory McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Yeah, good morning. Guys, could you talk a little bit about, I know Dan you spent sometime on the call taking about your stock comp expense. But I'm wondering if you can just put that in the broader context of your SG&A and how do you generally expect that to behave during the course of the years as the Q4 number, a decent run-rate or I know you've added a few more people in leadership positions, how do you... how should we look at that in 2009?
Daniel Behrendt: Yeah, sure. The 123, this is a Dan, and 123(R) charges in Q4 were just a little over $1 million; 620,000 that was in the SG&A line. And as you saw from the force, we did have a annual grant. We tied at this year to floor reviews instead of doing annual grants in May. Like we've done in prior years we did it in December in order that closely, more closely tied of stock compensations to performance. So I do expect that $1 million of 123(R) charges to go up and 2009 mostly because the grants we made in December we didn't see a lot of that expense in the fourth quarter. So I do expect that go up. But, yeah, of the 10.9 million of SG&A, about 620,000 of that was the stock compensation.
Gregory McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay. And then, so maybe that component of the 10.9 goes up a little bit due to some of these grand flight in the quarter. But is the 10.9 excluding that stock comp, is that a reasonable sort of base level type of operating expense or is there, as you guys add some leadership positions into some these new initiatives, should we look for that to grow a little bit or how should we think about that?
Daniel Behrendt: Yeah, I mean I wouldn't expect it to grow more than just sort of inflationary growth over that sort of run rate at this point. Obviously, we're going to have to make some investments on the SG&A side for these new products in the pipeline. Certainly product like AXON that are high-tech products may requires sales engineering talents that we don't have onboard today. But I think a lot of the more significant adds have been made in our run rate. It's really more now trying to leverage expenses we have and make sure that we could be sufficient as possible, but at the same time we want to make sure that we made a heavy investment R&D, want to make sure that we are making the right investments in SG&A that position the company well for the opportunity in front of us.
Gregory McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Yeah. And then can you just talk a little bit again about your new product additions that are likely to come on this year, the timing of those? I think AXON you said is the second half launch to XREP. It looks like a late Q2 launch. What other products are should we be expecting to be introduced or are those are the two primary ones for '09?
Rick Smith: Well, this is Rick Smith. XREP, we're looking late in the second quarter. That's currently slated come to market. There is still some uncertainty in that by the way. I mean we are tweaking the aerodynamic performance of the round that could come in a little sooner. If we weren't in this, probably could take a little longer. It's just the nature of research and development. But we expect that by the end of the Q2, XREP should be online. The Shockwave which is the area denial system that should be ready to go here a couple of weeks or early in the second quarter. I wouldn't count on a lot of revenue from Shockwave. Shockwave, I don't care try this more of a concept, proof of concept product. I mean the areas of Nile, there is not a big meet for that in law enforcement although we did recently just have a SWAT team utilize it's barricade situation very successfully. But in law enforcement Shockwave, we will be little bit of a niche but for corrections. We see an opportunity for Shockwave to be a significant product. And in the military, it was the primary focus where we felt that it was worthy investment. We needed to get these non-lethal area denial systems off of PowerPoint page in the reality so the people can start to see these but military customers you know takes a long time to digest new concepts and operationalize them. The CDPM which is the Controlled Digital Power Magazine which is basically a controlled lanyard for the X26 that enabled this to be disabled if it's taken away from an officer. And you have to have a code to be able to reactivate the weapon. We see that was very significant with some state correctional agencies that were looking at deploying pages but they are worried about the risk of the weapon being taken away in a correctional environment. Should we believe the CDPM, which is now shipping will open up some corrections market for us.
Gregory McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Okay.
Rick Smith: The AXON is second half of the year as well as to support software and service product that wrap around AXON in the second half of this year. And then we do have some other unannounced products that we have not made final determinations on when to make launch announcements, but there is more in the pipeline than what we've probably announced.
Gregory McKinley - Dougherty and Company: Yeah. Thank you.
Rick Smith: Thank you.
Daniel Behrendt: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Your next question is the follow-up from the line of Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Great, thank you. I'm wondering if you would be kind enough to comment on specifics of what you're seeing in the UK, France, and Canada at the moment. In UK, when is the next 5,000 order coming through? France, what's the latest thinking on the national police, and Canada I understand there is some news coming out from Canada today on police chief support of TASER's. What does that mean for you?
Rick Smith: Okay, this is Rick. Well, certainly let's start with the UK. We understand that there is an order for potentially another 5,000 units although we've heard some round news is that they may split back between some units in cartridges. Unfortunately with these things in order as we don't, they're not in the bag until they're done. And so we get the PL. And then you'll, once we get the PL we can generally ship pretty quickly. So I wouldn't want to go out a on a lim and try to predict governmental purchase process will come to conclusion on those. But we're certainly hopeful that that will be sometime in the first half of this year. On France, my brother Tom has been very actively involved in meeting with the senior officials in the French National Police. Again, we don't have anything specific to report. As soon as we will, we'll report it. So we're continuing with very good things from their TASER experience. They have seen dramatic improvements in their operations. Unfortunately I can't quote the statistics of the top of my head, but from the limited case to (inaudible) so far, they have seen really pretty dramatic operational results. Coming to Canada, Canada has been a very challenging environment for us. The Canadian media has really been actively engaged in the discussion of our TASER devices. There has been frankly a lot of negativity around the issue ever since the incident in the Vancouver, Airport last year. Even though the autopsies have come back and the independent medical examiners who ruled that they don't believe that TASER played a significant role in that unfortunate and tragic incident. And what we're seeing now is that expert number of governmental studies in Canada which we are fully supportive of more scientific studies that look efficient we think it promotes public interest and its promotes better understanding of this technology. In other words, in one of those studies was the Canadian Police Chief Association, which has now come back and made a recommendation that every officer in Canada should go through TASER training and the availability these devices should be expanded. During the past year, during the discussion about TASER devices, we've seen a number of lethal force incidents in Canada, where police have unfortunately had to resort to lethal force that may have otherwise been avoidable had devices like TASER is been available and I think the studies are coming back and acknowledge them. And if you actually look at the enquiries, the corners in quest, the enquiries that are being launched with what are effectively jaws of either Canadian citizen or panels of experts, we're seeing that fairly consistently those who are coming back of very efficiently, those are coming back and reporting that in fact of more chasers should be deployed. This technology does save lives and reduce injuries. And we see this Canadian Police Chief's recommendation is a major step forward in laying along to this controversy to rest. However, translate into financial order flow for the company expended deployment remains to be seen. But we certainly see these all positive steps in the right direction.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Dan what tax rate should we plan for '09 please?
Daniel Behrendt: I think that RD&E sort of the take a look at for next year I would say we're going to be probably about 44% rate for next year.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: 44%. What point is that?
Daniel Behrendt: Just because we've got the things like the ISO 123(R) charges and have being get added to the booking income lobbying. So the sort of permanent items will drive after-tax rate above just sort of the statutory 39%, so it will be in that sort of 42 to 44% range for next year.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay, and then it just looks one last question Rick, it seems like you're already sort of building a pipeline for AXON. You believe that will see sales immediately this product launch?
Rick Smith: That's a real tough question. I tend to think that we are doing all the right things to position it. A more lot of our meeting is really on has been with the larger police agencies, so we can start the process. They tend to take a very long to purchase. The real success with AXON that could impact in the short term would be the small to mid size agencies. They contain to turn more quickly so my personal opinion is I think once we roll the product out that we'll start to see some orders in fairly short order. But we'll be careful about how we do this, so the field trial process we'll go through to make sure we've really validated the hardware and the software solutions. But the other thing that's kind of interesting is the cross marketing opportunity with AXON. I've been in to see some police chiefs, frankly at agencies that don't have significant TASER programs and have not expressed a lot of interest in TASER programs. And once we've given the presentations on our vision of how all these devices and technologies work together from again engaging subjects in the field all the way through documenting agencies and taking them through the legal process, we've had at least one major agency come back and is now looking at starting a TASER program whereas they had rally not had interest before. So we are seeing cross-marketing opportunities where these products will build off of each other, so that the AXON lines could potentially help our long-term TASER sale and vice versa.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Excellent. Thank you very much.
Rick Smith: Thanks Paul.
Rick Smith: Thank you. With that we're going to go and wrap up the call. I appreciate everybody's time this morning. You've been with us little over an hour and we'll be back with you in April. And we look forward to what for us is a very exciting time in the company's history. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you for the participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith – CEO and Co-Founder Dan Behrendt – CFO
Analysts:  Paul Coster – JP Morgan Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the TASER International second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is Jane, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of today’s conference. (Operator instructions) I will now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Please proceed, sir. 
Rick Smith:  Thank you and welcome everyone. Before we get started, I am going to turn over to our Chief Financial Officer, Dan Behrendt to read the Safe Harbor statements, and then we’ll get started.
Dan Behrendt:  Okay. Thank you. Safe Harbor statements: Certain statements contained in this presentation maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. And TASER International intent is such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of the law enforcement market, expansions of private sales to the private security, military, consumer, self defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to; market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting or retaining the endorsement of key opinion-leaders in the law enforcement community; the level of product, technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete, and the accompanying demand for our products; potential delays in the international and domestic orders, implementation risks of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and death; media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and deaths and the negative impact which could have on sales; product quality risks; potential fluctuations and quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risks of government investigations and regulations; TASER product tests and reports; dependence on key employees; employee retention risks; and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith:  Thank you, Dan. Certainly it’s been a challenging economic environment across the board during here in the US. But I would like to start by highlighting one of the real bright spots in our operations, and that is despite the decrease in revenues, our gross margins improved to 64.5% this quarter compared to 60% in the second quarter of 2007. So, we told you a couple of quarters ago, we are putting a renewed, vigorous focus on our internal operations cost control, the margins and those efforts are paying off as we are seeing improvements in our operations. Now, revenues for the quarter were $21.1 million, which is $4.8 million or 18% decrease over the same quarter last year. It’s primarily the result of lower municipal spending in the US resulted from two factors, lower tax income for state and municipal governments primarily associated with decreased property tax revenues given what’s going on in the real estate markets, and you couple that with rising fuel costs, as I’m sure everyone is aware, fuel is a major consumable for law enforcement in their patrol cars using it 24 hours a day, and with (inaudible) from agencies that the unanticipated and significant rise in fuel costs has not only consumed most of their unallocated budgets but has cost them to shift otherwise allocated funds over to fuel, and even then they’ve gotten to a point where many agencies are curtailing patrol shifts. This translated into a decrease particularly in the last two weeks of the quarter, where traditionally TASER International in the last two weeks of the quarter are strongest and we see significant upticks as budgetary dollars flush through again with the quarter. In fact we were tracking to 2007 revenues right until the last two weeks of this last quarter. It was in the last two weeks that we did not see the increase in sales that we saw in 2007, and we can account for more than the entire revenue decline by the decline in sales in the last weeks of the quarter, which again bears out the lack of a budgetary flush due to lower municipal spending and tightened budgets. Now, after this quarter, we saw expected research and development expenses increase by $1.8 million, or 139% as we continue to invest in our future. We did also incur a one-time extraordinary charge of $5.2 million in the second quarter as a reserve for an adverse litigation verdict in the Hasting trial. Now the – I’ll come back and talk more about that later. At this point judgment has not been entered, but we have reserved for the verdict and for damages. So, the net loss for the quarter was $4.3 million and the net loss and basic and diluted loss per share for the second quarter were $1.6 million or that’s $0.02 a share respectively. Now, metric that I’m using and Dan to keep our eye on operations, when you’ve got things like significant increase in R&D, which is really we believe the right call for this business to be investing in our future, want to make sure that those expenses don’t mask the rest of the performance of the operations. So, Dan and I are tracking in non-GAAP items basically operating income before R&D in extraordinary expenses which allows to keep our eye on the core running of the business to make sure that we are running efficiently. So, this quarter given with the revenue decrease we are running at about 18.2% operating income again before research and development and the extraordinary expenses associated with litigation reserve. Now, during this last quarter, the company also repurchased approximately 1.8 shares of our common stock for $12.5 million. So, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $33 million. Now, let me turn to talk about some of the significant events in the quarter. First I would like to talk about the management team. I personally have been very focused over the last six months on building out our management team to grow us from $100 million to the next level. Obviously, the types of systems you need to have in place to handle that kind of growth are different than it took to get us from zero to $100 million. So, I’m very proud of the team that we have assembled are not only of the historic TASER employees who continue to help us build this company, but some of the new talents that we brought to take it – help us go to the next level. Most recently we hired a new Vice President of Sales, Mark Fidelman. Mark comes from a very strong background where he’s had his initial sales training at Autodesk in the text [ph] sector. He was involved in software services business, that was a startup and they grew significant revenues. So, he has grown sales teams from zero, from scratch and built sales teams. Then he spent a lot of time in consulting, where he worked with Fortune 500 and other companies. He has been exposed to sales in many different type of different sizes of organizations as well as actually setting up sales operations in international markets particularly India and China. So, Mark brings a lot of talent to the team. We are excited to have him on Board and focusing on giving our sales programs lives.
, : And then thirdly, I will talk about our VP of Operations. He is Steve Mercier, who joined us in the first quarter out of Intel. Steve’s got very strong operational background. He was with Intel from the early 1980s through their wild growth days, and he got to see the systems took their place to grow that company. And I would say the investment in folks like Steve are paying off. We are seeing it in the gross margin numbers that have improved pretty significantly in the last two quarters. So, in addition to rounding out our management team, we’ve also had some other significant events including a RAND Study from the RAND Corporation, a rather well-known think-tank. He was hired by the New York City Police Department, and Rand came back with the findings that NYPD should implement upon a program for expanded use of conducted energy devices. Now some folks have asked me if we received the order yet from NYPD, and the answer is “no, we did not.” But RAND Study is a very bullish long-term indicator. We think it’s important we think other agencies as well as NYPD will look at it. However, it’s close to (inaudible) the NYPD. It’s somewhat like turning a battle ship to the New York City Police Department. It takes time to implementing the programs. So, I think we are bullish on the long term there, but it’s hard to predict when we’ll see any particular orders associated with those findings. (inaudible) we had a number of important wins in the court room. Most importantly the judge in Ohio in the trial that where we are plaintiff, they are challenging the findings of in three autopsy reports after a short trial the judge found that the evidence was compelling and overwhelming and ruled in our favor that those certificate to be changed and that the TASER device be removed because there is absolutely no evidence associated with TASER with those tasks. Also in the US Patent and Trademark Office denied a reexamination request assailing one of our tans [ph] so obviously, we are happy to see our patent standing up the PCO. We have a very robust patent intellectual property portfolio that continues to grow every quarter as we continue filing new patents. Stock was about sales this quarter. We saw a number of significant orders including the New South Wales Police Department in Australia. Since that time we’ve – there’s has been much talk in the media about expanding the programs throughout Australia in Queensland and other states. So, we believe Australia is getting ready to significantly expand their TASER programs. We’ve also again seen some bullish indicators not necessarily major orders yet. The Home Office Secretary in United Kingdom has now on several occasions consistently repeated the message point that she can envision the day when UK offices are routinely armed with TASER devices something that would have been unthinkable just 5 or 6 years ago. Now, again in our shareholders’ (inaudible) I talked to them, they get frustrated that we’ve talked about international sales for a number of years, and they ask when are they going to develop into major sales. Now, just to give you an example. Our distributor in Australia has been with us now for 9 years, and it took him 8 years to get orders of any significance. The international market takes a long time. We have seen significant movement in those markets at the policy level and we are starting to see that translate into sales. Here in the US Harris County Sheriff's Department in Tomball, Texas; the Kentucky State Patrol, the Lexington Division of Police in Kentucky, Honolulu, the Tulare County Sheriff's Department, Corpus Christi Police Department, the St. Paul Police Department all placed recently significant orders this quarter as we continue to see them expanding their TASER programs. This quarter we had 318 new agencies. So, we are now over 13,000 testing and deploying our products. We’ve added 196 new full deployments, those are agencies are making TASER’s available to their frontline patrol officers, added 133 new TASER CAM agencies. So, now we have 1800 agencies testing and deploying the TASER Cam. In international book sales for the quarter came in at about $2.4 million. On the consumer front, we partnered with the Sports Authority to begin carrying the TASER C2 Personal Protectors, and on the military front we have awarded a multi-year Science and Technology Award from the Joint Non-Lethal Weapons Directorate of the Department of Defense to develop specific TASER technologies to meet their requirements. It’s an initial one year contract with renewal options and the total contract over 24 months would be a little under $2.6 million. Again that will help fund some of our R&D as well as to develop some new technology, which we believe will have both commercial and military applications. This quarter we also unveiled three new innovative products. First is the TASER AXON, the Autonomous eXtended on-Officer Network. Now the AXON builds off of our base in the TASER Cam. Again some folks ask why is TASER getting into on-Officer video. The answer is we’ve been there for a number of years, in fact TASER is the world leader over 25,000 TASER Cams in the field. We have more on-Officer video recording systems than anyone. And in fact we know that this is a growth market, and if you look at the historic market and segment of In-Car Video from several different sources we have actually attained that over $300 million a year business for In-Car Video and we see on-Officer video growing in a important segment. So, we are going to build off of our lead in launching the TASER AXON, which will be in field trials by the end of this year, and we expect deployments to begin in 2009, and from a shareholder perspective, revenue impact we would expect in the second half of 2009. We also launched the TASER Controlled Digital Power Magazine. Now this an accessory for the TASER devices where there is a lange [ph] on the device, and if it disconnects it disables the TASER and in fact even if you plug the magnetic key back in, the device will not react when you enter an activation code. We believe this will be an important item to help open up the Corrections market, with that at least one stage Correction all agency mandate this device before they would deploy TASER because the risk in Corrections is that officers who are outnumbered by the inmates and if they get overpowered they don’t allow the inmates to be able to use their weapon systems. So, the CDPM gives a strong answer and should enable us to make more headwind in Correctional market. We expect that CDPM to be shipping in the fourth quarter this year. We also announced the TASER Shield Conversion Kit. And many of our customers have been asking for TASER to produce neuro-muscular incapacitation shield. There had been some electrical stun shields in the market historically. We believe our technology is far superior, particularly and they will provide TASER level incapacitation as well as by going with a Conversion Kit, agencies can buy any shield they want or they up-convert their existing shields, so it minimizes their capital outlaid on their shield equipment and by applying the laminate of the TASER REPEL Laminate Film Technology, we can now apply the TASER electrical discharge to the point of any shield or not even shields to other types of devices or barriers could be used with this system. We are expecting that system to be shipping in the first half of 2009. Now, let me follow-up on a couple of previously products, and I’ll start with the XREP eXtended Range Electronic Projectile. We have over 1000 units in the field now in field trials, and in fact we recently had our first field deployment of the XREP where we successfully used to subdue a – I believe is fleeing (inaudible). Now the XREP we believe or we are preparing for full scale production, we expect to commercialize the product in the first quarter of 2009. We have learned some things in field trial. We’ve gone back and made some modifications to the design and particularly we’ve now upgraded it for a full environmental ceiling, which will meet in our most standard conditions, and we’ve improved the manufacture ability of the device, and we’ve actually added a larger battery capacity for better cold weather performance. So, we are taking feedback that we’ve learnt in both our validations and field trials, and we’ve made modifications and again we are now starting to scale up for full scale production. On the Shockwave system, the Shockwave Area Denial System as we announced last year, we’ve done field demonstrations at a number of different events. We have manufacturing units for the field trial that we expect to be in this field with a number of different agencies this quarter, and we would expect Shockwave to be commercialized end of the fourth quarter from a revenue impact perspective we would say at first quarter 2009. We’ve got a number of initiatives coming together at that time. Next, we had abstracts of five human studies examining the safety of TASER devices presenting at the Heart Rhythm Society's 29th Annual Scientific Sessions and two presentations in Europe. All five studies found that TASER ECD's have no effect on the human heart or on pacemakers, again further authenticating the general safety of the devices. We have five more product liability suits dismissed, although we did have the jury verdict in the Heston case for which we recorded $5.2 million charge in the second quarter of 2008 for that jury verdict. Even though they only found that the TASER device and (inaudible) contributed 15% to death of Robert C. Heston and it was 85% responsible for his own demise. Of course this was a tragedy for the Heston family no matter how you look at it, if they – one couldn’t help but have tremendous sympathy for everything his family has been through, and we think that’s sympathy ended up expressing itself in the jury verdict. Just for one to understand, the theory in that case was that Mr. Heston was – had exercised himself to the point of death, that he died from metabolic acidosis as a result of the muscular activity in his body, which was significant for many hours leading up to this event. And that the jury found that the muscle contractions associated with the TASER at the end contributed somewhat. So, there’s not some new theory about TASER cardiac effects or otherwise it was purely that the stress and exercise they found to be contributory. Now, we are filing a number of post-trial motions, the judgment has been entered in that case. Once judgment is finally entered which we anticipate will be sometime around the end of this year. Then will be appropriate time for us to file appeals and you can rest assured that we will pursue all channels. We don’t believe that the – certainly the amount of the damages awarded stand up to the Supreme Court guideline on punitive damages, and we believe there is a number of issues in the case that are subject to appeal. I think it’s also important to point out that in the Heston case, the officers involved were not found liable, and that’s a very important finding that our customers in using TASER devices even in adverse and very difficult case like this are not being found liable. With that I’m going to ahead and I’m going to turn over to Dan to talk a little more about the financial results for the quarter, and then I’ll be back to wrap up.
Dan Behrendt:  Thanks, Rick.
Rick Smith:  There’s one other point that I forgot to make there, which is, in most states this exact same verdict would have resulted in no liability for TASER. If a person is found to be greater than 50% responsible for their own death or injury in the vast majority of states, in a significant majority of states and then there can be no award in a case like this. Unfortunately California is not one those states. So, I think that’s an important point to make. And back to Dan.
Dan Behrendt:  Thanks, Rick. I’ll start with the income statement for the quarter. As Rick indicated, sales for Q2 were $21.1 million, which is down $4.7 million from the prior year, and sequentially we saw our sales drop $1.4 million from Q1 as we did not see the budget (inaudible) and budgets that we really enjoy in the second quarter each year. The unanticipated increase in fuel cost coupled with shrinking municipal budgets cost lower amounts of budgets has been in the quarter which unfavorably impacted our sales during the second quarter. Gross margins of $13.6 million or 64.5% of sales are up 4.4% for the prior year, the increase in margin was caused by several factors including elimination of most cash and distributed discounts, lower overtime expenses and better productivity and improvements in scarp expense during the quarter. This is the second quarter in a row where we saw margins improve sequentially and margins are up actually 7.7% from the first quarter of this year, and the sequential improvement was driven by much – a lot of the same factors including the curtailed distributed cash discounts, improvements in direct labor efficiency, scarp, material costs and product mix had a favorable impact this quarter with a higher percentage or sales coming from the X26 product. The $1.5 million decrease in indirect manufacturing versus the prior were mostly driven by the lower scarp and greater manufacturing efficiencies during the quarter. SG&A expenses of $9.7 million for the quarter versus $8.3 million in the prior year. The increase again was driven mostly by higher salaries and benefits of $548,000 mostly due to increased headcount, advertising cost mostly relate to the infomercial increased by about $365,000, higher travel expense of $291,000 and higher tradeshow cost of $170,000 were mostly related to the company’s annual tactical conference, which Rick mentioned. That conference takes place typically in the second or third quarter of the year, this year it was in the second quarter. Obviously, last year in the third quarter, so when you compare versus the prior year, that’s one of the reasons for the increase. We also had recruiting and relocation expenses of $100,000 in the quarter due to some of the executive adds that Rick mentioned before. Research and development expenses of $3 million for the quarter were up actually $1.8 million from the prior year, again this is mostly driven by the outside development costs at $1.1 million that relates to the AXON product. We did have higher salaries at $243,000 due to increased headcount and increased supply cost. As we communicated in the last conference call, we are going to continue to ramp up the R&D expenses during 2008 in order to accelerate the introduction of the new products in the pipeline. We did record the $5.2 million charge related to the litigation charge in the Heston case this quarter as we’ll continue to explore all our probable legal channels including (inaudible) we have reported that judgment expense in the quarter’s results. Funds from operations were $4.3 million and the pre-tax loss is $3.6 million. The net loss for the quarter was $1.6 million which translates into $0.02 loss per share in both the basic and diluted basis. On the – for the six months ended June 30, sales for the first half were $43.6 million, which are actually up by about 5.9% or $2.4 million from the prior year. And while we are starting it up and optimistic about our long-term ability to grow the top line, at this point, our expectation is that absence in margin in international orders which has been historically difficult to predict that the second half sales will be roughly in line with the first half at this point. Gross margin is at $26.4 million or 60.5% of sales are up 1.1% from the prior year. Again the increase is mostly driven by the elimination of cash and distributed discounts, lower labor expenses and improvements in the scarp expense. SG&A expenses of $18.9 million are up $2.9 million over the prior year, mostly driven by increased salaries and benefits of $170,000 due to increases in headcount, higher advertising costs, again mostly relates to the infomercial of roughly $900,000 on a year-to-date basis, and higher travel and trade show expenses driven by the company’s annual tactical conference. R&D expenses were $5.1 million are up $2.9 million over the prior year due to an increase of outside development cost, mostly associated with AXON product of $1.5 million so far, higher salaries and benefits of $76,000 and higher supply cost of $287,000. The loss from operations on a year head [ph] basis is $2.8 million and a pre-tax loss is $1.6 million both impacted by the $5.2 million charge in the Heston case. The net loss for the year is $337,000 which translates into a loss of $0.01 per share on both basic and diluted basis. As I move on to the balance sheet, the highlights for the assets. We did finish the quarter with $43.5 million in cash and investments, this is a decrease to $16.8 million from the prior year end. The biggest driver is the stock buyback of $12.5 million which we announced and completed in the second quarter. We also made investments in inventory and property, plant and equipment, which were partially offset by lower cash receivable and lower prepaid asset values. It’s worth noting again that TASER doesn’t have any exposure on its balance sheet to auction [ph] nor securities. Accounts receivable of $10.8 million are down roughly nine-tenths of $1 million from the prior year’s balancing the $11.7 million due to the lower sales in the second quarter of ’08 versus the fourth quarter of ’07. Our day sales outstanding for the quarter were 45.6 days which helps – is up about approximately 10 days from the prior year end. This is expected. We eliminated the cash discount, so we’ve seen increase in the day sales outstanding (inaudible) remains very strong. Inventory of $20.6 million is up $7 million from the prior year-end balance of $13.5 million. As the company has invested in more inventory support they anticipate a higher sales level. We increased raw materials and finished good to support both the C2 and X26 product lines and we will continue to evaluate our inventory mix and inventory levels as we move forward in the year. Prepaid assets were $1.5 million are down $2.8 million this year due to the receipt of the insurance receivables and expensive prepaid production cost in infomercial and amortization of prepaid insurance. Property, plant, and equipment $26.2 million is up $2.6 million over the prior balance, mostly related to progress payments on the automated production equipments, this point we have invested about $4.6 million in that equipment. We do expect that we’ll see that equipment installed late this year, and I believe we are going to have some positive impact on margins as we move into the 2009 year. Total assets finished with $128.4 million, compared to $137.8 million at year end. On liabilities side of the balance sheet, the accounts payable in accrued liabilities of $12.3 million are up $2.2 million from the prior year, mostly relates to the Heston litigation judgment accrual of $5.2 million, offset by some timing differences in accounts payable and some purchasing activity with the lower sales levels. The current deferred revenue of $2 million is up from the prior year balance due to the extended warranties and total liabilities are $19.6 million. The company finished the quarter with $108.8 million stockholders’ equity. Moving on to the cash flow information. The company had operating cash usage of $321,000 year to date versus a cash usage of $2.9 million in the prior year. The cash usage was mostly driven by the increase of (inaudible) and inventory, partially offset by the lower prepaid expenses I mentioned earlier. Net cash provided by investing activities was $2.8 million as the company realized $7 million from maturing and called investments, which were partially offset by the $4 million investment in new property and equipment purchases. The company used $12.2 million in financing activities, again driven by the stock buyback at $12.5 million, which was approved and executed in the second quarter. The company did purchase $1.8 million –1.8 shares or approximately 2.9% of the company’s outstanding stock during the second quarter. And the company ended the period with $33 million in cash, which is up $9.8 million from the year end. And with that, I will turn the call back over Rick Smith.
Rick Smith:  Thank you. Couple of items to wrap up with, one on the C2 infomercial. We continue to run the infomercial throughout the quarter. It continues to run rate around breakeven. So, we have not yet scaled it up into a national by – in terms of media we are continuing to (inaudible) with the infomercial, and also one of the challenges given the nature of our product that has somewhat difficult for us to obtain network appearances on some of the major networks, although we’ve had some recent success where some of them are coming around and now giving us some approvals. So, we continue to test would be in infomercial looking at different modalities of deployment. We are looking at 30 second and 60 second stocks with a DVD follow-up technique we’ve not yet tried in conjunction with the straight 30-minute time purchases on air. We will be bringing up a more robust e-commerce in online promotional program using the infomercial content. We’ll also be reformatting it to test deploying in-store video using our infomercial at point of sale in different retail environments. So, we’ll continue to focus on that as we move into the latter half of the year, and hopefully a strong retail season. Okay, to wrap up, I’m going to talk a little bit about the ad time again and some of the different product initiatives with TASER. We are very focused on broadening and diversifying our revenue base both by markets by bringing new products up like the C2 that allow us to sell in the consumer market as well as law enforcement, the military markets with products like XREP and Shockwave and the new systems that we are working on in the R&D pipeline that have been funded by the DoD as well as in the international markets. If you look at AXON, it really expands our mission to providing an end-to-end solution for safer and more accountable conflict management. But if you look at the issue from our customers’ perspective, historically TASER has – we’ve made devices like the M26, the X26 that we can give to a police officer to think about pretty dangerous subject. But that’s not the whole problem that our customers face. Our customers are generally pleased, the agencies they often manage thousands of cases of – officers go with suspects every year. And so the information technology that they can use to deal a conflict is very important. In fact dating back to 1999, we were the first company in the world to issue to take handheld weapon that would download in the interface to a computer network. With the X26 we added a USB serial port enhancing its communication capabilities. In 2006, we introduced the concept of the TASER CAM adding infrared audio and video recording capability to these handheld devices. And so as we look at it, we come to realize that we are not just selling a baton or some simple unintelligent device, all these devices are microprocessor controlled, communication capable network notes and they really enable our customers to gain the true value of these systems. We are going to start haying these devices together with advanced wireless communication capabilities and at the center of that effort is the AXON system. We can now begin to command, control, data gathering both real time and after the fact, so that our customers can take advantage of that information to make better decisions, better command and control decisions. There’s an analogy in the military markets, where if you look at what it made the US military so effective, it’s not the speed of our airplanes or the diameter of our artillery, it’s really the information abilities. So, for example if you look back to Gulf War 1, when the United States and its allies and the coalition were facing the fourth largest army in the world that has some fairly advanced individual equipment. We saw the results primarily because the coalition forces had much better real time information technology. We see that same sort of trend developing in the law enforcement markets and for non-lethal weapons in general where these devices become capable weakening, enhance the effectiveness and safety of their use. So, TASER International is now really broadening our mission and becoming a 21st century normally for a weapons company. If you look at the major defense contractors whether it’s Boeing, Northrop Grumman, Lockheed Martin, Raytheon, they all have significant IT system components to make their hardware more intelligent and more useful to their customers. We are doing the same thing, we are now integrating more tightly with our customers to give them advanced capabilities and deepen our relationship with our customers so that not only we are providing them tools to incapacitate but the tools to make sure that they are doing their – that the incapacitating the right way, that tactics policies, procedures are being followed and giving information tools to management to really optimize and make sure that they are doing the best that they can do for safe and effective resolution of dangerous situations. So, in this markets phase, again we’ve talked about there is a significant market already developed for In-Car Video. In the United Kingdom, they’ve done some experiments with on-Officer video with some pretty striking results. Now the UK experiment was done with – certain hardware that was not as well integrated is what we are talking about with ad time. And we had a field trial in the United Kingdom with 300 officers participating with TASER CAM, they found improvement in convictions rates when they had video. They found decreases in officer complaints or complaints against police officers because of the incidents we believe were well documented. We believe that video when it is being used in altercations is likely to deescalate the situation because when people realize that the situation is being videotaped they are less likely to for example lock up and strike an officer if they know they are being recorded. Similarly officers hold themselves to a higher standard of care when they know that they are actions as well are being recorded. So, we see this as a real de-escalation tool for conflict management. Now, also in the UK, they found that the TASER CAM significantly improved officer efficiency as they spent less time writing reports because the level of documentation was provided by the video. In fact it was something like 10% or 15% if I remember correctly, reduction in work load for paper work, which is the equivalent of an officer getting an extra hour of patrol time on a typical shift. So, it’s like putting a lot more cops in the street for the police agency without extra budgetary dollars to do so. So, there’s a couple of reasons we think that TASER can be very successful in this markets base. First is our channel, we have 14,000 active certified TASER instructors, those are the same folks that the police chief generally rely on when they look at tool tactics and procedures for doing their jobs and particularly for evaluating on-Officer police equipments. And then we believe the hardware integration is unique and it is in core confidence. We typically make devices that are developed from component level up specifically integrated for the task at hand. In the case of the AXON, we are developing a dual microprocessor global computing device effectively with a dedicated HD video capable video compression chip as well as another microprocessor to run the communication and control functions. We have developed the operating system, we are using the same unique operating system to detect this instruments uses on its tools, on its chipset. We partnered with ModaVista [ph] the software development firm, it’s one of the leaders in Linux development for embedded software globally. In fact they maintain the Linux operating system that’s used by TASER’s instruments. So, we believe we’ve got world class hardware in this space. We are building out a team in-house as well to drive the AXON system. So, we are investing heavily but we see a significant return on investment for AXON as well as XREP, Shockwave, the shield and the Controlled Digital Power Magazine. So, yes we believe that now is the time for us to invest in extending our lead. Dan and I continue with rest of management to look at our operating income, independent of the investments we are making in R&D, make sure we keep our eye on the core business, but build out for the future. The analogy IQ sometimes is (inaudible) are pretty tough on the weak, but they are not too bad for the strong. The species that survive ice ages tend to flourish in the periods after as the environment comes back, they tend to take over many more niches. We believe that’s a good analogy for us now and the rest of the world and potential competitors are financially constrained and are pulling back, it’s the time for us to invest and extend our lead and as economic times return you’ll see us flourish in more market niches both here in the United States and internationally, and you’ll see new technology that will be bringing to barricading you revenue streams, that the hands are depth of relationship with our current customers as well as broadening in the new markets. And so with that, we will conclude this conference call, and we’ll open it up for questions.
Operator:  Thank you, sir. (Operator instructions) Our first question is from Paul Coster with JP Morgan.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  Thank you and good morning.
Rick Smith:  Good morning.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  The improvement in gross margins of course is much welcome. And first question really is do you feel that this is sustainable particularly in the context of so many new products coming to market. Traditionally no new products attract lower absorption rates initially instead of way for a while. What’s the outlook say looking out six months and beyond?
Dan Behrendt:  Yes, that’s a good question, Paul. This is Dan. Obviously as we look to the new products we are making sure that we have set prices appropriately and make sure that the manufacture ability of the products as they come into commercial production so that the short-term impact is minimized. Certainly our target is to keep gross margins above that 60% level and yes, we feel that we’ve got the right team in place in making the right steps now to continue to drive those efficiencies to offsetting the startups you have in new products but one of the things I think we’ve learned from some of the new products is there it is over the last couple of years is that the criticality of making sure that manufacturability is built in the products from day one and that as we ramp up production there’s not any hiccups and we can go right to commercial production without having any significant impacts to margins.
Rick Smith:  I don’t know whether we continue to see margins in proving some of their (inaudible) or some product mix since some other things in that as well. That is where Dan is saying we are pretty confident that we'll be able to sustain on the 60% margin levels in our plan.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  The R&D that you are putting into AXON, once you've got AXON ready, assuming at that point that you haven’t got more new products in the pipeline which of course is unrealistic hypothesis, but would R&D then come down in a sort of all things being equaled?
Rick Smith:  Yes, we are – a lot of that research and development money is being spent on external resources like ModaVista, that’s a significant software element to this. We are also using external design resources mechanically and then there’s of course the PC network software which we are using both outside resources and we are building some internal capabilities as well. So, the short answer is if AXON ended up not being a success, we’ll not build a huge infrastructure that would be an ongoing expense. So, there is the ability to basically push – R&D expenses background at historic levels. Now of course if it takes off like we think it will, then we see that that platform will provide a interesting and exciting platform for us to deliver other types of software services and communication services to our customers. So, on a success basis, we’d probably continue to see R&D levels closer to the new levels that we are at, but it’s not that we’ve invested in internal infrastructure to where it cannot be downwardly adjusted for some reason it didn’t workout.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  Dan, I may have missed it. But can you share any of the unit shipment dates by products?
Dan Behrendt:  Sure, sure. On the law enforcement side, the X26 we shipped 14,307 X26s and 447 M26s. We shipped 249,361 cartridges during the quarter, and we shipped 7611 C2s, which is roughly flat with the first quarter. We are hoping as we expand our retailer base there that we could see some improvement over time, but we are roughly flat on the C2 side during Q2.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  Okay. And then finally on AXON, Rick, it just sounds tremendously interesting – I’m curious just to see the – but the UK experiment, what did they actually use to do it, and is that essentially a competitive solution?
Rick Smith:  Yes. There are some companies in the UK that they’ve been providing both the hardware and then the digital asset management tool set. Again our read on is that there is a more of a system integration type of play we didn’t see a full up tightly integrated component level up-system and was more cameras that appear to be adapted to digital video recorders that appear to be adapted for the application. But yes, it’s certainly not a space where we will be without competition, there will be competition in this space. But we believe that we have between our channel and the engineering between the product as well as some of these capabilities in integration into the radio communications, will provide us some significant competitive advantages.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  Which brings me to my last point, what is the anticipated price point for the AXON solution?
Rick Smith:  We have announced that system prices will start around $1000 mark. We’ve been – we’ve been trying to – the customers actually with significant positive reaction. We’ve met with the some of the major city police chief’s here in the United States. We have met some of our international customers, and they clearly see the benefits of this technology. We have been also doing research on advanced feature sets that they would like to see incorporated into the device. So, we view that $1000 is probably the starting the point. We anticipate average sales prices would probably be somewhere in that $1000 to $2000 range, over $1000 that we start to integrate more advance features like for example GPS and some other things customers have told us they would if you want to have a premium port.
Paul Coster – JP Morgan:  Thank you.
Rick Smith:  Thank you.
Operator:  The next question is from Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Thanks and good morning guys. Dan, I didn’t hear that TASER CAM number, do you have that?
Dan Behrendt:  I’m sorry, yes, TASER CAM, we had 2391 TASER CAMs during the quarter.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Okay. And then the real doubter to me looks like cartridges is lowest number in quite a number of quarters. Is there anything specifically that you guys can chalk that up to?
Dan Behrendt:  I think there are a couple of things, one is the budget that we talked about. A lot of times those year end budget monies are used for some other consumables, something they feel pretty comfortable buying. They just put them in their armories, so they are coming back to us with those budget monies for that. Last year in the second quarter, we saw a significant military order that simply cartridge metrics, so actually we shipped a number of cartridges to military customer in Q2 and Q3 of last year. So, that was certainly a driver in the prior year. We had not seen that repeat order thus far this year. But I think the budget flush is probably the biggest reasons especially for this sequential decrease.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Okay. And then if I’m hearing you correctly, gross margin is probably a bit too much to ask, may be to say at current levels but 60% plus seems reasonable?
Dan Behrendt:  Yes. I think 60% is reasonable target at this point. As we talked about last quarter, product mix has a big impact as well. They are fairly wide range and all our products are pretty healthy margins especially for manufacturing company. There is a range of almost 20 point between our lowest margin price and our highest margin price. This quarter we did see a larger percentage of sales coming from the X26 product which is one of our better margin price. So, that’s really benefitted us but even with the mix that we’ve seen in the last few quarters, we expect that 60% is a reasonable target.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Okay. And then R&D, you had said in the past $13 million to $15 million, is that still a target for this year?
Dan Behrendt:  Absolutely. And we ran about $3 million for this quarter, so that’s still we are comfortable that we’ll be certainly within those constraints.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Okay. And then I guess lastly, I’m curious to see if you seen any kind of anecdotal change in legal activity since the adverse ruling against you guys, if you seen an uptick at all in cases brought or anything out of the ordinary?
Dan Behrendt:  We have seen a moderate increase in some of the legal activity. I think we’ve had a total of four cases filed, a couple I think were not related to Heston, one of two of them are (inaudible) best judgments. While we seen a couple of comments I think we are clearly associated with that. So, it’s still balanced significantly from the highs that we saw in the 2005 time frame, but it’s up a little bit over. We are really trending down. We are down about one case, one per quarter. We saw a handful in the second quarter, again not a dramatic number but we did see a little bit of uptick, and we’ll obviously will monitor that closely. I think that depending on where the appeal process goes to stop I think that may drive the future litigation. As we look at it, our case record is still very strong here and the vast majority of these cases is not that very profitable to – So, certainly we think that that long-term trend is still positive.
Steve Dyer – Craig Hallum:  Okay. Thanks.
Operator:  The next question is from Eric Wold with Merriman Curhan Ford.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford:  Hi, good morning. Question on the international front. (inaudible) about 11% in the quarter. One, was there any significant weakness you saw from normal customers, in the national it was just question of large orders are now flowing and then two, in the comment related to the back half of the year, you lost any large international orders which are tough to predict, looks like it’s of flat, can you may be walk us – name – but what is going to be the likely level of near term when that you could see in the international front, you got your eye on what may be a high in the sky in the 12 months to 18 months. If you could give us a sense how significant do you think you could move from the national standpoint?
Dan Behrendt:  This is Dan. In international I think it’s really more of a sort of a timing difference. We don’t really see, obviously the US economy is certainly challenging a lot more than some of the international economies at this point. I think the sales being little bit of a lower percentage of our total sales this quarter versus maybe some of historic levels. This is really more, I think the timing difference and also to your point that – absence of the large orders. We continue to be very enthused about the long-term prospects for the international part of our business. We see that as a real potential catalyst for growth in the future. I think the tough thing for us is that it’s difficult to predict. We think that several markets are sorted in that early procurement phase including the UK and France, Australia, Singapore, South Korea, all these countries are – we think rounding out their trial phase and getting really into those current phases. The total addressable market in those markets combined is certainly something that is very significant. There is upwards of 500,000 officers in those countries on a combined basis. So, we do expect that we will see some business from those countries over the next 6 to 12 months, but it’s very difficult to predict exactly when we’ll see that. But we are working hard, and we are also working to expand the number of countries we are talking about. We see that – we look at (inaudible) has been very similar around the world, these guys face similar issues and we don’t see that there’s any reason why we can’t broaden the number of countries that we are selling into.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford:  Did you look at where international has been, you have trailing 12 months time, couple of years time in the mid-teenish that kind of range. Would you expect ’09 to be a larger percentage than that?
Dan Behrendt:  Yes. I think there’s certainly got potential for that. Again I think – when I look at the business and where, I think the near term opportunities for growth are I think it’s both in the international part of the business and also the consumer part of the business. Both are large addressable markets where fairly low penetration today. So, certainly I think there’s potential for the international to become a bigger part of the business over time. I think that’s – next year obviously we’ll have the AXON product, we’ll start seeing the revenues in the second part of the year. Probably out of the gate that will be probably more of a US product that certainly has some international potential in that product as well.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford:  And then lastly, on AXON and XREP and Shockwave and all those, if you just think about – and I’m looking for guidance if you think about in ’09 once they start to commercialize, I know AXON is kind of a back half product. How significant could those be to ’09 numbers if you could ballpark a percentage of revenues?
Rick Smith:  This is Rick. Let me start with it. Shockwave is probably the most difficult one to predict because the nature of Shockwave will see some limited deployments with law enforcements swat teams. We could see some deployment in the Correctional environments, where they are using along defense lines or high-risk areas where they may need to incapacitate number of people trying to break out of a facility etcetera. But the really big opportunity for Shockwave is the US military, and traditionally they take a very long time to deploy new products and new technologies. Now there is some exceptions which for example the counter IED, they are spending billions of dollars in rapidly moving devices to the field. So, Shockwave the way I think about it is sort of a proof of concept. There’s been PowerPoint presentations for a decade on non-lethal area denial systems, and we felt it was important to get it out of the PowerPoint and into reality, and start giving out in disforcing [ph] with customers, get it into their hands let them play with it, let them see how powerful capability could be for example to check point in Iraq to be able to have a safe result where they could drop people that are approaching the check point to become soft, where us right now they have to deploy lethal force. But I’m sure, and that is if we get some units in the right hand to the military and they get them in (inaudible) and they determine that this an important part to counter a suicide bomber, that’s an equipment we could see enormous may be I shouldn’t use this types of terms, we could see some very big orders. But it’s a long shot. So, I would think if the Shockwave from a modeling perspective is sort of binary. You see there, may be $1 million year, kind of small niche business or it’s something far more significant if the military get behind it. The XREP we see as being a little more – it can have broader market if you will in all the different markets segments for a wireless engagement capability. So, it’s – you don’t have a really good feel yet, we are doing some market analysis and market study but because of the nature of the product being so different from anything out there, it again makes it very hard to predict. So, I would say, at least it’s closer to a bell curve in terms of predictability when these binary go, no-go that we see with the Shockwave. But we sees a lot of interest across the board from law enforcement agencies on the XREP, although we are probably going to sell a lot more practice rounds on the XREP, which needs much lower dollar value than the live round, which just faced out any of the (inaudible). The vast majority are used in training. And then the AXON is back half of the year. The good news about the AXON is that we are going into a more established market for incident recording video is a fairly large installed annual budget are currently, and we think that this will help create a new market segment. And it really does right it in our core sweet spot of law enforcement agencies that would be deploying it as an On-office. So, that I think could have similar adoption curves to what we saw with the M20, with the X26 where it will take time but I see that is having a very significant revenue opportunities over the next couple of years.
Eric Wold – Merriman Curhan Ford:  Okay. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Rick Smith:  Thanks Eric. 
Operator:  I will now hand the call back to Mr. Rick Smith for closing remarks.
Rick Smith:  Okay. We appreciate everybody giving us an overview morning. Obviously, we wish we could have produced better results with the top line, but I’m proud what the team was able to accomplish operationally. Very proud of what they are accomplishing in R&D. I think we are setting a firm base to take this company to the next level. Many of you have been with us from when we went public, and we where in the $6 million revenue range, we have done a lot over the last several years, taking it to $100 million is been exciting, and I think when you see the full picture of what we are doing which we have not for strategic reasons been able to share with everybody, everything that we have going on in R&D in our full product strategy, but as you see it unfold over the next couple of years, I’m confident we are doing the right things to take TASER from the very exciting new tech company to a very established dominant market player in a variety of market segments in the security industry. So, thanks everybody and we look forward to talking to you again in about 90 days.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we thank you for your participation in today’s conference call. This concludes your presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Rick Smith - CEO Dan Behrendt - CFO 
Analysts: Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum Paul Coster - JPMorgan 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 TASER International Inc. Earnings Call. My name is Carmen, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions).  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Rick Smith, CEO. Please proceed, sir.
Rick Smith: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to our first conference call. At least for the first quarter of 2008. Before I get started, I am going to turn over to Dan to do the Safe Harbor.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, Rick. Safe Harbor statements for TASER for this call are certain statements contained in this presentation maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The TASER International intent is such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward looking statements related to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of law enforcement market, expansions of private sales to the private security, military, consumer, self defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include but are not limited to; market acceptance of our products; establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels; attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion-leaders in the law enforcement community; the level of product, technology and price competition for our products; the degree and rate of growth of the markets in which we compete, and the accompanying demand for our products; potential delays in the international and domestic orders, implementation risks of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change; execution and implementation risks of new technology; new product introduction risks; ramping manufacturing production to meet demand; litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and death; media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and deaths and the negative impact which could have on sales; product quality risks; potential fluctuations and quarterly operating results; competition; negative reports concerning TASER device uses; financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers; dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers; fluctuations in component pricing; risks of government investigations and regulations; TASER product, tests and reports; dependence on key employees; employee retention risks; and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  And with that, I would like to turn the call back over to Rick Smith, our CEO.
Rick Smith: Alright, thanks Dan. Well, we are certainly proud of the results our team was able to turn in. It certainly has become a challenging economic environment here in the United States. In the first quarter, our revenues were up 47% over the same period last year, a record $22.5 million record for our first quarter. Income from operations was $1.6 million, up 361% over the prior year, albeit from a small base. Perhaps most significantly, our margins improved sequentially. Even though we were lower revenue sequential than a strong fourth quarter, we were able to improve margins.  And I think you will see a continued focus on that area. Those of you who are looking at our press releases saw that we made a significant hire in the first quarter in Steve Mercier. A strong background out of Intel Corporation. Steve is now responsible for all of our operations, manufacturing and logistics, and obviously he has hit the ground, he is running, and we look forward to seeing his results as the year moves on. We had many significant orders in the first quarter. Some highlights you saw in our press release. North Carolina Highway Patrol, Las Vegas Metropolitan PD, San Diego, Sacramento, LA Port Police Department, etcetera. In fact, we added a total of 304 new agencies up to a total of over 12,700 agencies testing and deploying our products. We added 168 new full deployments. So we now have over 4500 agencies that have deployed TASERs to all frontline officers and make it available at least to each frontline officer. We also added 102 new agencies with TASER CAM. So we are continuing to see new agencies adopting our advanced accountability systems. On another front in sales, we did launch our infomercial in the first quarter. In fact, that is one of the reasons that SG&A is up sequentially, because the entire production cost of the infomercial were realized in the first quarter. We were running it for about 8 weeks. We have spent about a $175,000 on media. At this point, we are seeing the revenues are exceeding our media spend, but when you include all costs, we are not yet above breakeven with the infomercial. But, when we look at it currently, it is at a minimum a very effective subsidized advertising program, because the infomercial is a fantastic way of course to educate the consumer. We also made a significant hire in the first quarter in Nick Pappas, our new VP of Marketing. Nick came out of Gateway, where he stood up gateway.com, their online ecommerce efforts. He went to Best Buy and was one of the key team members in standing up bestbuy.com. So Nick brings a lot of strong experience in marketing in general. In ecommerce, you will see TASER really building on our e-commerce base in the latter half of this year. And of course, he is also now taking over our direct response TV efforts. At this point, we continue to test. We are using the infomercials as an opportunity to test different price points. So we are developing price sensitivity curves with a product like the TASERs, pretty revolutionary different from anything consumers have seen before. This direct response TV model gives us the ability to test messaging, to test different offers, to test price points, and really gain an understanding of the consumer outlook. What we are seeing in general is very high call volumes, at least according to the industry experts and partners we've worked with that are assisting with the media buy and the call management. We are seeing a fairly low close rate over all. And what that means is there is a lot of interest in our products, but a lot of people feel they need to see them and touch them. It's something new they have never seen before, unlike a vacuum cleaner or something else where people have a frame of reference, which again sort of reinforces to us that the infomercial will really help as a tool to educate in a cross media promotion program that includes a strong retail component where people can go in and see the product. Also the good news there is, as we test different programs and different backend follow-up on people that call in for the infomercial, a small movement in the close rate can take this from fundamentally a subsidized advertising program to a stand alone profit center, if we are successful in moving the needle on the close rates. So, we will continue to test and invest in the infomercial. And again, Nick is really focusing on making that a cross channel effective promotions program, not just the direct response TV component. Back to our core business, we maintained our focus on the federal military markets and the United States Air Force has placed their order for our [flight] ship TASER X26, which is being deployed with its security forces personnel. In International sales, we are up approximately 64% over last year, and $3.0 million this year. One of the things that's interesting there, we had a significant order from a new customer, a brand new country for us. To equip its law enforcement officers with 3,000 of our price leading advanced TASER M26. We've had some questions in the marketplace about TASERs positioning, and with the X26, we've got the flagship, clearly the industry leader in technology. And with our M26, we've got a low price point model that's able to appeal to countries like this one that came from frankly a more price sensitive area of the world than perhaps other countries that might focus more on the advanced features of the X26. So, we see this as an important validation of our product segmentation strategies. Also during the quarter, six more product liability suits were dismissed on the legal front. So now we have a total of 67, as of the end of the quarter, it's actually gone up since then. 67 wrongful death or injury suits that have been dismissed. Importantly, if we look at the net with six suits dismissed, one new suit filed, for a net reduction of five lawsuits this quarter. And overall, our strategy is really working. We've had two lawsuits filed in the fourth quarter of '07; one lawsuit in the first quarter of '08. That's down significantly from the rate of litigation in prior years. And I would like to remind our shareholders that our strategy is based on fighting aggressively in these cases and bringing the best scientific evidence that is available. And frankly, based on the scientific evidence, it is clearly on our side. When juries and judges get the chance to see the evidence, we've had so far a perfect track record. And on that note, I would like to remind people that we won't be perfect in the court forever. Juries are unpredictable. Some of the best litigators we've talked to have said, when you've got a water-tight, 100% bullet proof case, your chances of winning in a jury are about 70%. So I have heard some comments of people saying well, when TASERs loses a case, that's really going to be an issue. And frankly it is not. We are not basing our strategy on the fact that we have to win every single case. You cannot build a strategy based on perfection. We will lose one guys, but when we do, remember that is why we have insurance. We do have liability insurance to cover those claims and our strategy is based on continuing to challenge these cases and defend them with world class science. So, I just put that out there so that we all have realistic expectations. Doug and his team are not super human, but they do a hell of a job. Okay, also in the first quarter, we debuted a new relationship with one of the world's leading firearm manufacturers, Mossberg. Mossberg has developed together with us the TASER X12 Less-Lethal shotguns. It is a fully integrated less lethal platform that is optimized for our extended range electronic projectile that has a very innovative new feature we call the Radial Ammunition Key Technology, where we can actually have a 12-gauge shotgun based on Mossberg's Mil-Spec Certified platforms, where you load a lethal round into that shotgun, and it will be rejected. You will not be able to fire it. Only rounds that have the TASER ammunition key feature in the round will be accepted by the weapon. We think that's very important for a lot of agencies that are moving to dedicated less lethal platforms. It mitigates any risk of an officer accidentally loading a lethal round. I think strategically this is very important, that Mossberg sees the importance of less lethal weapons to the future. And by partnering together, we believe we can build on both companies' strengths to continue to create new value and capabilities for our customers. And on that same topic, I am also proud to report that we now have shipped over 1000 XREP projectiles into the field for field trials. It just happened in the past few weeks. As you'll recall, we introduced the XREP last year at our conference in August. We have gone through a very extensive pre-released testing and validation program. So they are now in field trials. And the Shockwave Area Denial System we gave you last year as well, will be going to operational field deployment this quarter. So, historically while the first quarter is seasonably weak, we are pleased to report that past investments in research and development continue to provide a solid foundation. So we seek new opportunities to diversify our revenue base and become a global solutions provider. I will remind you that TASER is an innovation company. We are sitting on an enormous global opportunity. We have a clear lead in our space and we intend to continue to build upon our lead. If you look back a year ago, the C2 was not yet in production, and now it's approaching 10% of our sales. They are ROI on the C2 was a very good investment. Even at current levels and we see that continuing to build as we build our retail presence throughout the year here with folks like Nick helping us to really do that. So, we are proud of the fact that we have seen continued year-over-year growth in a challenging economic environment.  Now, you have also seen increases in our research and development spending over the past quarters. And while we will continue our focus on cost controls and margin improvement, we are going to accelerate our R&D spending over the remainder of the year. We have identified a number of very exciting programs that will diversify our revenue base, moving beyond just our signature product offerings and to becoming a true solutions provider to our customers, providing significantly enhanced value and creating a long term value add relationships to increase customer lock in and recurring revenues. We believe that now is the time for us to take bold moves to extend our technological leadership. If we look back historically in the post-9/11 world, when the economy was contracting and there was a great degree of uncertainty, TASER at that point in time focused on our R&D efforts and the result was the TASER X26. That propelled us during 2004 being the top performing stock in the world. Not to say that every time we invest in R&D we can get that kind of result, but we believe firmly this is a long-term focus in this business. We are out to be the clear market leaders' in a new market we are building worldwide for lifesaving technology. So as such, we expect incremental R&D investments of about $5 million above our current spend rate over the balance of the year to fund these new products. So we introduced some great new technology last year with the XREP and Shockwave. Products that are now moving into the field. Stay tuned for more to come in 2008, as our strategic technology roadmap continues to unfold over the balance of the year. For those of you analysts who are going to call and want more information about our strategic roadmap, unfortunately, like everybody else you are going to have to wait. But I will tell you, I am more excited about what we are doing this year than the new technologies we rolled out last year. This is a very exciting time for the company, and I look forward to the opportunity to share more of our roadmap with you in the near future.
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Rick. I am going to now go through the results for the quarter. Sales for Q1 are $22.5 million, which as Rick indicated are up 47% or $7.2 million over the prior year. Sequentially, we did see our sales fall from the fourth quarter, but again our first quarter is typically our seasonally weakest quarter in the year and it's common for us to see degradation of sales from Q4 to Q1 in the following year. Gross margins up $12.8 million were 56.8% of sales, which are down 1.3% from the prior year. Again, the decrease in margin was caused by increased labor and material cost, which were partially driven by a change in mix, with more of our sales coming from cartridges, C2 handles and TASER CAMs, which carry a lower margin than our TASER law enforcement devices. Cartridges, C2 devices and TASER CAMs constituted 37.6% of our sales from this quarter versus 30.8% in the first quarter of 2007. The good news is that, as we said on the last call that we would eliminate cash discounts that curtail distributor discounts. That we would lower labor cost, while negotiating better material pricing with our suppliers. We did all that, and we continue to look for ways to lower our costs and improve our gross margins, which is why we did see the 1.4% improvement in sequential margins. We do expect to improve that as the year goes on. We saw $347,000 increase in our indirect manufacturing expenses versus the prior year. But again, this is mostly driven by higher direct wages due to the increased headcounts, and quality manufacturing engineering materials departments as well as increased scrap expenses due to the higher level production. The variances are partially offset by a larger allocation of overhead into the inventory due to the increases in our work in process to finished good inventories compared to the March 2007 timeframe. SG&A expenses were $9.1 million for the quarter versus $7.6 million in the prior year. The variances were driven by higher salaries and benefits of $421,000 due to increased headcount. And as we noted on our last call, higher advertising cost related to the infomercial were $643,000 this quarter with the company expensing the production cost for the infomercial of $510,000 during the quarter. The company also had increase in recruiting relocation expenses of $150,000 in the quarter, when compared to the prior year, as the company invests in the human capital needed to grow the business. Research and development expenses were $2.1 million for the quarter, which has increased of $1.1 million over the prior year. Mostly driven by the higher salaries, $333,000, increased supply cost of $206,000, and increased outside consulting cost of $334,000 related to the new products in the pipeline. As Rick mentioned, we will be ramping up the R&D spending for the rest of 2008 in order to accelerate the introduction of these new products in the pipeline. Income from operations were $1.55 million or 6.7% of sales. This is up $1.2 million over the prior year and the company had pre-tax income in the quarter of $2 million. Pre-tax income is up $1.1 million from the prior year due to the fall through on the higher sales. Net income for the quarter was $1.2 million or $0.02 cents per share on both the basic and diluted basis. This compares to $495,000 or $0.01 per share in the prior year. Moving on to the balance sheet, we finished the quarter with $59.2 million of cash and investments. This is a decrease in $1.1 million from the year end balance due to the investments in inventory and property, plant, and equipment which were partially offset by lower accounts receivable balances. The increase in cash for the quarter of $1.4 million is partially the result of the change in the company's investment philosophy as more of the maturing and [called] investments were invested into cash equivalents instead of the agency securities we had previously bought due to the yield curve on those investments.  Accounts receivable of $9.2 million are down $2.4 million from the year end balance to $11.7 million due to lower sales in the first quarter of 2008 versus the fourth quarter of '07. Our day sales outstanding for the quarter was 37.5 days, which is up about two days from the year end balances, but this was expected due to the elimination of the cash discount in the first quarter. Inventory of $18 million is up $4.5 million from the year-end balance of $13.5 million. As the company has invested in more inventory support they anticipate a higher sales level. We increased raw materials to support the C2 line by $2 million and increased finished goods and top level assemblies by over $2 million related to the X26 and C2 product lines. We will continue to evaluate our inventory mix and inventory levels as we move forward in the year. Prepaids and other assets at $2.5 million are down $1.8 million from the year end balance due to a reduction in other receivables from our insurance carrier, $720,000 in decreases in the prepaid advertising as we expensed our infomercial as I mentioned earlier at $510,000. Current assets are $95.6 million. This is down $878,000 from the prior year, mostly driven by the decreases in AR and short-term investments, partially offset by the higher inventory values. Long term investments stayed flat at $9 million and property, plant, and equipment increased $1.1 million to $24.7 million due to progress payments for the new automated production equipment and increases in IT assets. The total invested for the automation project at this point is $3.5 million. Total assets finished the period at $138.1 million. Moving on to the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable and accrued liabilities at $7.7 million are down $2.4 million from the prior year end. This is driven by the accrual we had at the year end for the second installment of the automation equipment at $1.2 million, which was paid in the first quarter, and the timing of some check runs in Q1 versus the end of the year. Current deferred revenue of $1.8 million is up from the prior year end balance of $1.7 million due to the sales of more extended warranties in 2008. Current liabilities are $10.5 million. This is reduction of $2.3 million, again driven mostly by the reduction in accounts payable. Total liabilities are $14.9 million and the company finished the quarter with $122.3 million stockholders' equity. Moving on to the cash flow information that's provided. The company had operating cash generation of $659,000 in Q1. This is compared to a cash usage of $5.5 million in the prior year. The increase versus the prior year is driven by the higher net income and the $8 million final payment of shareholder [inaudible] in Q1 of 2007. Net cash provided by investing activities was $587,000 for the quarter as the company realized $2.5 million from maturing and called investments, which were partially offset by the $1.8 million in new property and equipment purchases. The company generated $171,000 in financing activities, mostly driven by stock option exercises during the year, and the company ended the period with $50.2 million of cash, which is up again 1.4 million from the prior year. Some key statistics that we typically give out on the call here. We had unit sales of the X26 of 14,092. We sold 4,278 M26, and this is up sharply from the typical run rate of the M26, again due to that international order that Rick spoke of earlier of 3,000 of the M26 product. C2 sales for the quarter were 7,774 units. Again, we feel pretty good about the progress on the C2. We enjoyed a 5,600 unit backlog moving into Q4. So for Q1 to sell the 7,774 without that backlog, I think indicates that there is some growing demand for that product and we do feel good as we round out our distribution network there and we will see some improvements as we move through the year. Cartridges for the quarter were 304,728 cartridges and we saw a ratio of cartridges to handles of 18:1.  And with that I will turn the call back over Rick Smith, your CEO.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, we are going to go to Q&A in just a moment here, but before we do, I would like to end by inviting folks to come out and join us. Our annual meeting will be May 28, here at TASER headquarters. And as mentioned previously, we are going to be engaging in some very interesting new business this year and we will start to open the kimono a little bit at our annual shareholder meeting. So it should be an interesting time for us. For those shareholders who have been with us for a long time, we really appreciate you being with us for the ride, and we are ready to take this company to the next level.  So with that, I am going to open it up for the Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The first question comes from the line of Steve Dyer from Craig Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Morning guys. Thanks for taking my call. I'm curious as to whether you are seeing any weakness or pushback from a municipal budget issues, are you hearing sort of reductions in what you had sort of planned as for sales into some of these municipalities?
Dan Behrendt: Yes, morning Steve. We have definitely seen at least some anecdotal evidence of some municipal budgets being a little bit tighter this year than they were in prior years. We are still -- obviously, we think we have a strong value proposition, and even as these municipalities cut back, we are certainly not cutting back our sales efforts. We do think that we have got a unique product that positions us well, but we do have some -- the U.S. economy is certainly a challenge for us. Municipal budgets are a little tighter than what they have been prior years, but our plan is that the new products and new markets that we are focused on will help to offset any weakness in our U.S. law enforcement business. We still feel very good about the international business and the military, the private security, the corrections business, and some of the new products like the C2, and something like the consumer business we are hoping will offset some of that weakness in the U.S. L.E. business.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Okay. And then I guess while we are on the topic, can you give us an update about the international business. It seems like we have had four or five different countries towards the latter stages of testing here for quite some time. Is there any break in the logjam there?
Rick Smith: Obviously we had a little bit of a break in the logjam having a new client come on with 3,000 units here in the first quarter. We continue to get very positive feedback from the more public customers like the UK and France that we have been working for years. We expect to continue to see extensions of those deployments in new countries coming online. But there is nothing today we can give you of a specific break with a large number of units that has not been already announced, but we do continue to see momentum overall.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Are you still of the belief that one of the larger guys will come in with an order yet this year or is it too hard to say?
Rick Smith: It is really too hard to say. I mean the decision making apparatus of these large organizations is really hard to predict. We continue to get very positive feedback from the user base. By my way of thinking it is just a matter of time, but it is hard to know exactly when that will happen.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Okay. Dan, maybe you could clarify the R&D spends. I think Rick, you had said something about incremental $5 million above and beyond sort of the current spend rate, and I just want to make sure I have that number right. So this quarter you are on about $10 million annual spend, does that imply a full year number, like $15 million or am I thinking about it wrong?
Dan Behrendt: I think we are going to see a total year number in that $13 million to $15 million range. We are definitely going to see a significant increase in the R&D spend. We think we've have got very big opportunities in front of us and we want to make sure we accelerate the R&D spend and capture that and make sure we have got the [first move] or advantages in some of these opportunities we have identified.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Okay. I know you are somewhat limited as to what you want to say, but can you -- I mean obviously with this kind of a spend increase, is there some assurance or belief that there is some good revenue to be generated in the near to mid-term that you turn course like this?
Rick Smith: What we are spending on this year will obviously bear its fruits starting in 2009. As a management team, we have been looking very carefully at where the right places are to invest. We have had investors ask us about whether have any plans for acquisition etcetera. We do continue to look, at the make versus buy decisions on new strategic initiatives. The one we are moving into that's at the core of this spend really has to do with a more systematized approach to what has traditionally been a stand alone product business. So it does go to the core of our business. It does apply to our core markets, as well as -- like our core business with the X26, we are able to take that technology and spin it off into things like the C2 that go in to other markets.  The spend this year does a little bit of both. So we are doing some pretty innovative stuff. I will tell you this, when you see what we are doing, it has not been done before. The market research we have done -- we have had some real thought leaders in law enforcement that we have queried about this that have -- they slack jawed frankly when they saw the audacity of what we are doing. And it is not cheap. This is one of the biggest programs we have engaged upon, but we are very excited and it is not just exciting technologically. The business model shift has significant implications for increased revenue, increased revenue consistency, and increased recurring revenues as our business model expands again from being a sort of product provider today to integrating those products together into more global solutions.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Okay that is helpful. And then my final question and I will hop back in. Looking back to the start of the quarter, would you say that the performance in the metrics this quarter were in line with your expectations, if not, where was the change or the short fall?
Dan Behrendt: I think as far as the metrics we look at for the business, certain things we are very pleased with. Again, we talked about on the last call some of the activities that were in effect to improve gross margins. We are very pleased with the improved gross margins. Especially considering that the sales are down. It is a challenge given the amount of fixed costs in the business to increase margins on lower sales and certainly we feel very good about those metrics.  From a sales perspective, again we are working very diligently on our core U.S. business, but we are also focused on -- we have made the key hires that we talked about before our market makers in the corrections, private security, consumer businesses. So, we are trying to broaden our product offerings and our market offerings here to make sure we have got lots of irons in the fire here to help grow this business longer term.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Okay. So I guess I am reading between the lines. Sales maybe were a little bit disappointing relative to what you expected. Is it safe to say that it's kind of the domestic law enforcement arena that is slowed here?
Dan Behrendt: Definitely the U.S. LE business has definitely been a little bit of a disappointment, but it's one of those things that we still think we have a strong value proposition there are and we are just making sure that redouble our efforts to make sure we get business that is out there.
Rick Smith: You know, just to elaborate on that, state and municipal budgets are largely driven by sales tax revenues and property tax revenues. With what has been going on in the housing market, whether we have seen real budgetary impacts in terms of tax collections, certainly we have been hearing from our customers that there is some concern about where the budgets will be in total this year. So I think we have seen some belt tightening.
Steve Dyer - Craig-Hallum: Ok great. Thanks guys.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Paul Coster. Please proceed.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Of the 7,000 or 8,000 C2 units that you shipped this quarter, how many of them were sold through versus going in the channel. Can you give us sort of sense of channel build here? 
Dan Behrendt: I think the good news is that I think we did not announce a lot of new retail partners during the quarter. So most of that 7,000 almost 8,000 units are really -- I think represent the sell-through versus a pipeline fill. We continue to add retailers, but if you look at the fourth quarter with the backlog of 5,700 units, a lot of that were new customers and sort of pipeline filled whereas this quarter I think is more indicative of sell-through.
Rick Smith: I would also say that we have seen a significant uptick in the sell-through, through our website. To be honest, our current website -- we sort of make it challenging. We make sure people really want to buy a C2. I say that jokingly that with Nick coming on Board we are going to be streamlining some of our E-commerce and our web store, and some those initiatives over the next couple of quarters. And so far we have done very little promotions in e-commerce. Most of our sales direct have been folks that have learned of us in the offline world then gone online to research it. We will be bringing up world class e-commerce affiliate programs and other marketing programs this year to really drive that. But my inclination is that fourth quarter I think you can characterize is a fair amount of channel fill. First quarter in my way of thinking, it is mostly sell through.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Great. And presumably as the e-commerce program develops you are going to see better margins out of that as well.
Rick Smith: That certainly would be our intentions.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Just going back to the state and local business for a moment, this is a slight disappointment, so in the first quarter, have you witnessed something like this previously in your history? Is there any sort of lessons we can learn from the past here?
Rick Smith: Well the first lesson would actually be the quarter a year ago, we saw a similar decline from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, and people looking at street expectations relative to actual results, I think last year was a greater disparity. So we are looking at it as well, trying to determine how much of this is seasonality versus how much of this is some of the budget tightening. Again from the big picture to look at nearly 50% year over year growth, we can't be too disappointed, but we just need to make sure that continue to execute and build our upward trajectory over the course of the year.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay, at this point in the quarter, do you feel like you have some kind of spring back in the second quarter?
Rick Smith: Yes, it is really too early to say, because for a number of reasons, not the least of which is, generally our quotas tend to be back-end loaded. Particularly the second quarter, because the end of June tends to be a lot of year end budget dollars. So, we will do traditionally over half our business when the second quarter comes in June. So regardless, we would never really be in a position in April to have much of an indicator on how the second quarter is going to turn out.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay. The new initiatives that you talked about, you have expressed this notion of being a solutions provider. Many of us as we think of solutions think of a lot of margin service business that kind of compliments an otherwise high margin product business. Is that just kind of erroneous thinking? Can you just give us some reassurance about the nature of the business model at the end of this transition? 
Rick Smith: Yes. I would say that is an erroneous assumption as it applies to what we are doing. The businesses we are going into we believe will sustain a high margin type of infrastructure. That is not us turning into a systems integrator, and having a bunch of installers go out to the field and earning incremental revenue on a large base of revenue, or people. It's consistent with our focus on high margin, non-commodity revenues streams.
Dan Behrendt: A very high value proposition. So again, we think we will able to command pricing for that to continue to see a strong margin in that part of the business.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: And it's enabled by technology not just by feel on the street?
Rick Smith: Absolutely. It is a very strong technology plate. That is why you are seeing the level of investment required to support it.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Thanks very much.
Rick Smith:  Thank you  
Operator: We have no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Rick Smith, for closing remarks. Please proceed.
Rick Smith: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone tuning in to the conference call this morning. Again, we would invite everyone to come out to our annual meeting on May 28 and learn a little more about what we have been foreshadowing this morning, and look forward to another great year and the opportunity to continue to take our technology to the next level. Thanks everyone and have a wonderful day.
Operator: This concludes the presentation for today ladies and gentlemen, you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Smith - Chairman and Founder Kathy Hanrahan - President Dan Behrendt - CFO
Analysts: Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford Greg McKinley - Dougherty Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company Paul Coster - JPMorgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2007 TASER International Earnings Call. My name is Tony; and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode and we will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Tom Smith, Chairman and Founder. Please proceed, sir.
Tom Smith: Thank you and good morning. This morning I'm joined by Kathy Hanrahan, our President and Dan Behrendt our Chief Financial Officer. And I'm going to start with all exciting Safe Harbor statement. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation and Reform Act of 1995, and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby. Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of the law-enforcement markets, expansion of product sales to the private security, military and consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product innovations, product safety and our business model. We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements herein. Such factors include, but are not limited to, market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion leaders in the law-enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth in the markets in which we compete and accompanied demand for our products, potential delays in international and domestic orders, implementation risk of manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology and new product introduction risk, rapid manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product-related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injury and deaths and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risk, potential fluctuations and quarter operating results, competition, negative reports concerning TASER device uses, financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of government investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks, and other factors detailed in the company's filings with the Securities & Exchange Commission. So, 2007, we ticked the $100 million milestone. We're obviously very proud of that, that's a 49% increase over 2006. For the fourth quarter 2007, we were $31 million, up 61% from the same quarter the prior year. Obviously, we're very proud of those results especially, despite the ongoing the controversies that are shown by our critics in the media out there. Some of the significant events that included during the fourth quarter were shipments that were announced and made to the Houston Police Department, Jacksonville Sheriff's Office, the City of Cleveland, the Kansas City Highway Patrol, Knott's County Sheriff's in Tennessee, San Bernardino Police Department and the San Jose Police Department. We continue to see growth within the law enforcement community, because of the successful use of the products in reducing risks and injuries to both officers and suspects. Also we saw continued sales in our international markets doing $15 million for the year or accounting for about 15% of our revenue and approximately $3 million or 10% of that was in the fourth quarter. Medical studies, continued to be a big focus for us and those continue to come out and get published. Again, I want to remind everybody that the medical studies that as they get completed, usually take anywhere six and eighteen months for them to go through a peer review process prior to publication, so lots of studies in the work that have been done in the past, we have to wait, cannot comment on until they have gone through that peer review process and most recently, almost 75% to 80% of the studies that are being published these days are completely independent of TASER and I think that’s one of the big impacts that it's having when people are evaluating TASER technology. The United Kingdom Defense Science and Technical Labs published the study that they had reported previously, which again showed a significant safety margin that they determined and very minimal cardiac risk for any dysarrythmias. That was again a ground breaking study and that was done in the United Kingdom, completely independent of TASER and really again goes to the safety of the device. That medical science has also continued to support our legal department with three more products liability suits dismissed during the fourth quarter, bringing a total of 61 wrongful deaths or injury suits that have been dismissed or judgment entered in the favor of the company. Our legal staff obviously has been able to continue to do impressive work as they've driven forward. And it's based on the science behind the technology and a lot of that now is carrying over to what we are seeing overseas in addition to our critics becoming more active. And we are still focusing on a product education campaign as they continue to come out with bad and misinformation. And we'll take those on any day and talk about them anytime, because again the science is why we win in the court. The science is what's protecting the officers in the department and that’s why we are seeing those users continue with our products. So with that, I would like to turn it over to Kathy Hanrahan, our President to go through our operations.
Kathy Hanrahan: Good morning. As Tom explained we are extremely pleased with our sales growth, both in the United States as well as the foreign markets during 2007. Our sales team worked hard to achieve the $100 million milestone, but also to lay the foundation to further grow the sales pipeline in 2008. Despite the strong revenue growth seen in 2007, our margins did not demonstrate the same forward growth. Therefore I'm dedicating my commentary on this call to the comparison from 2007 to 2006, and the corrective process is already implemented to improve our margin performance going forward. Fourth quarter results were similar and will be detailed in full by Dan. As I stated on my previous calls in 2007, there are four key factors that have impacted our margin performance throughout the year. First is the sales mix and that we're selling a greater amount of lower margin products during the year such as some of our peripheral products like the cartridges in the TASER CAM. Second we have been impacted by a change in average selling prices due to the distribution mix and cash discounts taken by our customers. Third our products utilize certain raw materials that have seen substantial increases in price during the year, which impacts our bill of material structures. And finally labor inefficiencies caused by the ramp up of new product introductions, the implementation of a second shift and a short-term decline in production yields. We've thoroughly analyzed the impact each factor has on our margin progression and we've taken very specific action to address each of these target areas. We began implementing many of these steps late in the third quarter and at the time of our last call had hoped to see the cost reductions materialize in our fourth quarter. While the material reductions did begun to reduce our cost during our fourth quarter, they were overshadowed by the loss of efficiency associated with bringing on our second shift to support the expanded C2 and X26 sales. The following is the summary of our corrective actions. First we've rewritten our annual contracts with our distribution base to eliminate cash discounts and reduce distributor commission programs increasing our average sales price on products sold. These will be eliminated effective March 1st of this year and collectively accounted for a 1.2% decline in 2007 margins. Second materials increased by 2% of sales during 2007 as a result of significant increases in raw materials. To address the rising cost and further eliminate future price pressure, we negotiated materials price reductions with our supply chain in the third quarter of 2007. This has already impacted inventory. We expect to see these decreases roll through to our cost of sales late in the first quarter of 2008 and estimate the impact on our specific bill of material to vary depending upon the product line. With respect to our direct labor, we experienced a 1% decline in margin due to the increase in average hourly rate pay to our employees. This increase was the result of higher volume of overtime hours charged to the premium and a higher burden temporary labor used to meet the growing demand for our products. We've now level loaded our two shifts, eliminated overtime and have transferred the required temporaries to our payroll. In addition to the higher rate paid, we also lost 0.9% in margin due to a reduction in parts per man hour process. This was caused by an influx of new employees and training losses. In summary, we believe the culmination of these actions taken to address our average sales price, materials and labor will be incrementally realized over the next four quarters, leading to an improved gross margin by yearend. Finally, it's important to understand the impact of our sales mix on gross margins for the company. In previous years we've enjoyed higher product margins resulting from higher proportion of X26 and M26 product sales. As the company continues to see a shift in these sales to lower margin cartridge and TASER accessories, as well as lower cost consumer products, we will see an impact to our overall margins. We believe we can offset a significant portion of this impact through programs like automation and expanded focus on sustaining engineering to reduce man-hours and improve on manufacturing designs. In closing, we're excited about our market expansion and the introduction of our new TASER C2. We also believe the short-term decline in margins is the investment made to ensure success in an aggressively growing company. Therefore we want our investors to understand, we remain just as focused on the bottom line in 2008 as we do on growing the top line. This has led us to examine our operating efficiency so we can maximize our margin performance in the years to come and better prepare for further growth spurts. While we're disappointed by the decline in margins caused by our labor and material efficiencies in 2007, we've taken appropriate corrective action to address the issue. We've realigned our operation structure to ensure we keep a constant focus on our operating results while we drive new innovations. We are also establishing a new product development team in operations whose focus will be on streamlining new products like the XREP and Shockwave into full scale production, without jeopardizing our existing manufacturing operations. Finally, I want to share with you our excitement in having Steve Mercier join our operations team at TASER. We're looking to his experience and his leadership skills to help TASER achieve the same the marvelous success he shared with his teams at Intel. We believe his focus on operations coupled with an expanded focus in manufacturing engineering under our VP of Engineering, [Joe Paolo] will give us a dual path to success. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Dan Behrendt, our Chief Financial Officer.
Dan Behrendt: Thank you, first I'll go through the results for the quarter as Tom indicated sales for the third quarter of $31 million, which sets a new record for the highest quarterly sales in the company's history with sales for the quarter up 16.9% from the prior year. Sequentially, the Q4 sales were up $2.5 million from the third quarter sales as the company increased its sequential sales for third quarter in the row. Gross margins of $17.2 million or 55.4% of sales are down from the prior year, as Kathy indicated, degradation of margins caused by lower labor efficiencies, higher strap expenses and material costs, as well as the change in mix as more of a sales coming from cartridges, C2 handles, and TASER CAMs, which carry a lower margin than our TASERX26 products. Company continued to experience higher direct labor cost due to some of the inefficiencies associated with the new production employees as well as the higher temporary labor and overtime costs incurred as we expanded the direct labor work force to meet the growing demand for the existing products and the new C2 products. These items contributed to a 3.1% increase in direct labor as percentage of sales versus the same quarter in 2006. The $1.5 million increase indirect manufacturing expenses were mostly driven by the higher strap during the quarter, due to higher production levels and lower yields. We also incurred higher indirect wages due to increased headcounts in the quality, manufacturing engineering and materials departments to ensure that we can adequately support the ramp in production for our products. As Kathy indicated there are a number of initiatives that have been put in place to improve margins in 2008. SG&A expenses were $8.7 million for the quarter versus $7.7 million in the prior year. The variances were driven mostly by higher salaries and benefits of $290,000 due to increased headcounts to support the growth of the business. We had increased bonus expenses of $145,000 due to the improved operating performance, and higher advertising and commission expenses related to the new C2 products. Research and development expenses of $1.2 million for the quarter, which were $505,000 over the prior year, mostly driven by higher salaries and wages of $258,000 due to increased headcount, we added increased supply cost of $138,000 related to new products and development. Income from operations was $7.2 million for the quarter. The company had pretax income for the quarter of $7.9 million. Pretax income is up $3.5 million or 80% for the prior year due to the fall through on the higher sales levels. Net income for the quarter was $4.7 million or $0.07 per share on both the basic and diluted basis. Moving on to the total year results, as Tom indicated the total sales for the year were $100.7 million, this is up $33 million or 48.7% from the prior year. Gross margins of $57.6 million or 57.2% of sales were down versus the prior year due to the increased labor and material costs that Kathy talked about. SG&A expenses for the year were $32.8 million versus $29.7 million in the prior year. The variances were mostly driven by higher salaries and benefits of $1.4 million due to the higher headcount, increased bonus expenses of $591,000 due to the improved operating performance and higher travel and meal cost of $469,000. Research and development cost were $4.4 million for the year, which is an increase of $1.7 million again mostly driven by higher salaries and benefits of $809,000 due to the increased headcount. We did also had increased supply in tooling costs of $626,000 related to soft tools and other supplies to support the XREP and C2 product lines and increased consulting cost of $95,000 over the prior year. For the year income from operations was $20.4 million and the company had year-to-date pretax income of $22.5 million. Pretax income is up $27.5 million over the prior year due to the fall through on increased sales, as well as a shareholder lawsuit settlement of $17.65 million recorded in the second quarter of 2006. Net income for the year is $15 million or $0.24 basic and 0.23 on a diluted basis. Moving on to the balance sheet, we did finish the year with $60.3 million of cash and investments, this is an increase of $12.5 million over the prior year end. As you look at the balance sheet today, you'll see there is a larger increase in the cash balance. Part of this is a change in company's investment philosophy, as more of the maturing and culled investments were invested in cash equivalent due to the current yield curve, so we've actually shortened up our portfolio due to the yield curve that’s currently out of the market, so we've got a lot more of the cash, but we will still be actively invested in cash equivalents. The accounts receivable of $11.7 million is up $1.6 million from the prior year and a balance of $10.1 million due to the significantly higher sales in the fourth quarter of 2007 versus the fourth quarter of 2006. Our day sales outstanding is actually 35 days, which is down 13 days from the prior year end. As Kathy indicated we've eliminated our cash discount as of March 1st, we will likely see the DSO climb slightly in 2008 as we no longer have distributors paying as a 10day mark. Inventory of $13.5 million is up $4.2 million from the prior year and balance of $9.3 million as the company invested in more inventories to support the higher sales levels. The overall inventory turns has actually improved over the 2006 levels, even with the larger investment in inventory and turns at the end of the year were 3.5 turns. Prepaid and other assets of $4.3 million are up $2.1 million from the yearend 2006 levels due to other receivables from our insurance care and increases to prepaid advertising and prepaid liability insurance. At the end of the year, here we had current assets of $96.4 million. This is up $40.3 million for the prior yearend mostly driven by the increases to cash. Property plant and equipment of $23.6, is up $2.8 million from the prior year end, mostly due the initial payments for the new automated production equipment and $2.7 million purchases of C2 production equipment of $720,000 as well as cost associated with the company's new website of $350,000. All of these were partially offset by the depreciation expense incurred during the year. Total assets finished the year at $137.4 million this is up $17.6 million over the prior year end's total assets of $119.8 million. On the liability and stockholders' equity side of the balance sheet, accounts payable and current liabilities of $10 million are up $3.1 million for the prior yearend due to increased purchasing activity as well as an accrual for the second installment of the new automated equipment of $1.2 million. Current deferred revenue of $1.7 million is up to the prior yearend balance of $1 million due to sales of more extended warranties. You'll also see that impact down below in the long-term section, long-term liabilities. Litigation settlement, liability is now zero, we did make the final payments via the issuance of stock in second quarter, so that the liabilities have been eliminated 2007. The current liabilities of $12.4 million, this is a reduction of $5.9 million from the 2006 levels. The deferred revenue net of current provision increased $1.6 million to $3.5 million again, due to the sale of more extended warranties in 2007 and total liabilities of $16.7 million and the company finished the quarter with $120.7 million of stockholders equity. Regarding the cash flow, the company had operating cash generation of $13.9 million for the year compared to a cash generation of $7.5 million in the prior year. This increase was driven mostly by higher net income and the reduction in the company's tax assets because of the higher income we've been able to utilize of the tax assets on the balance sheet. Net cash provided by investment activities netted to $13 million as the company realized $17.5 million from maturing and culled investments, which were partially offset by $4.1 million of new property and equipment purchases. Company has generated another $3.1 million in financing activities mostly driven by stock option exercises during the year. The company ended the period with $48.8 million of cash, which is up $30 million from the prior year, partly due to maturing and culled investments of $17.5 million as well as the operating cash flow. Total cash investments were $60.3 million at 12/31. And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over to Tom Smith, our Chairman.
Tom Smith: Thanks Dan, I'm going to touch briefly on some of our sales accomplishments, starting in the fourth quarter 2007. We added 365 new agencies taking the total number of agencies that are testing or deploying TASER products at the end of the year to little over 12,400. We also, during the quarter, added 285 full deployments meaning there is 4,360 agencies carrying a TASER on every officer. We also on the TASER CAM site added 157 new agencies for a total of 1,585 testing or deploying the TASER CAM products. During the quarter, we shipped over 23,000 X26 handhelds that's up from 22,500 in the previous quarter and that also was bringing our ratio of handheld to cartridges of roughly 17.7 to 1 for the year. Again, that's showing the continued growth we are seeing within the law enforcement market. Again I think 2007, it was a landmark year for TASER International, ticking the $100 million number was a huge goal of ours and we were able to achieve that goal. Being in a growth company, obviously we have had to bring in over 150 employees and that is a challenge to get people in and get them up and to speed and train, but I think I'm very proud of the accomplishments that we as a manufacturing company and a technology company were able to do during the course of the year. 2007 started with the launch of the C2 and CTF. It was obviously very well received; it was one of the top picks of the show. We were able to also attract higher caliber individuals such as Dr. Richard Carmona to join our Board of Directors. During the summer we had our annual tactical conference announced several new product initiatives, which I'll talk about here in just a minute. Let's start with first the XREP, the eXtended Range Electronic Projectile. We actually did have some material delays getting that started late in '07 and that field trial scheduled to begin prior to the first quarter of 2008 with revenue shipments beginning this year, and again depending on the field results from the field trials will depend how quickly we roll into the actual manufacture of the final product. The Shockwave, which was also announced during the year, is expected to begin field trials in the second quarter of 2008 and sales again scheduled to begin prior to the end of the year. So, we are continuing to push forward new products. We are continuing to invest in research and development and expand TASER technology and we are also seeing in recent studies. In 2007, the National Institute of Justice funded Dr. William Bozeman at Wake Forest University to commission the study where they looked at 1,000 uses and showed literally that it was only that a few people had some scrapes and cuts from falling but it was less than three people out of 1,000 or over 99.7% of the people hit by the TASER. Real field world use applications did not suffer any injuries and again that bodes well for us not only in the legal side, but also for our users that they continue to have confidence. This a field proven product, it has been tested and challenged over and over again and it continues to come back and provide safety margin that’s unmatched by any other system carried by an officer today. Coming in to this year, we've obviously kicked off 2008 with a very exciting consumer electronic show. Our new fashion leopard print TASER as well as our red-hot red and fashion pinks were some new color schemes, that were brought on board. That’s obviously stimulated a whole round again of interest at the dealer retail level of people that saw us announce it a year ago. We got into production in the third quarter, obviously they wanted to see how that was received and now we're back in on getting some of those meetings again with the people that we've talked to and started with a year ago. We also attended the SHOT show earlier this year, which we also announced our partnership with Mossberg where we're coming out with the dedicated less-lethal launcher with a radio key system that would be used primarily with our XREP system as well as will be incorporating other platforms. We are obviously very excited about that as they are one of the leaders in that industry and that's going to be a good partnership for us as we go forward. Then again when it comes to the rubber meeting the roads, Santiago County just recently put out data that they went all of 2007 without a single lethal shooting by law enforcement, the first time they have done that in over 10 years. Again I think they attributed a lot of that to improved training and group policy and really specifically to the use of the TASER. As I continue to travel all around and talk to people, they have seen the success of the product. And I think a lot of the focus now has really turned on how these are being used and the command staff and the local law enforcement agencies are stepping up. They are putting their policies out there, they are reviewing them, they are tweaking them, the training is solid and I think that’s why we are going to continue to see the growth in the use of TASER technology as we go in to 2008. Obviously we get a lot of questions about the international markets. Those continue to still move forward. We recently announced a 3,000 unit order of our M26 product line, which again if field proven. The thing that was most exciting about that particular order for me was the fact that they went straight to a deployment. They talked to the other countries that have been using it, such as France, the UK, some of those other countries and they just became a user right out of the gate based on the success of the studies without having to reinvent the wheel. And I think that bodes well for us as we look forward and obviously you all have seen a lot of media coming out of Australia, with Sarkozy in France still continuing to press forward and the United Kingdom starting in December to use TASERs with non-firearm officers. We're obviously very excited about our international opportunities. Then obviously the C2, we're excited about those opportunities, the military opportunity, we have signed a big contract last summer and have shipped against that, we expect we'll have some more shipments against that this year. So we are very excited about where we are going as a company, continuing to invest in research and development, Kathy and Steve Mercier is going to be focused on getting our operations inline, and it's something we're very excited to present for 2008. And with that I would like to open the call to questions and ask Tony to comeback and help us with that. Tony?
Operator: No problem, sir. (Operator Instructions). Your first question does come from the line of Eric Wold with Merriman Curhan Ford. Please proceed.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Hey, good morning.
Tom Smith: Hi Eric.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Before I get into a couple of questions, do you mind just giving me the actually numbers in the quarter for X26, M26, CAMs and Cartridges?
Tom Smith: The X26 in the quarter was 23,065. On the M26, it was 777 and on the Cameras was a little over 3,000.
Kathy Hanrahan: And the C2s were 8,830.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: And the cartridges?
Tom Smith: 439,252.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Perfect. So going to the C2, can you update us on where we are there? When we could start seeing additional retailers be announced, what retailers are saying to you either? That they excited about it or they are still possibly hesitant about not carrying the C2 and then on the infomercial, when that starts rolling out kind of full force and kind of where the cost for that has been placed? How much is the infomercial within Q4 if any and if it's all going to be falling into Q1?
Tom Smith: Well, let me start backwards and I appreciate your bringing up the infomercial, I skipped that in my comment. Our actual rollout begins this coming weekend. We're going to start in 10 cities and all of the cost will be borne for that in Q1 of this year. But it will start running this weekend, we're going to be again working with the company that they manage how you test those and get the response and then tweak what the messaging is within the infomercial and then call the action. We'll be starting for example; in Phoenix, Atlanta, Denver, Los Angeles just to name four of the ten cities. I don't have them all in front of me. That they will be doing some tests this weekend, they are monitoring those results, but we'll be taking all the expense for that in Q1. We've put a lot of effort into it; you can't see a full version of the infomercial on our website. And as far as the C2 goes, so far the response has been very good. I can tell you our biggest hurdle has still been the interest in what our critics are throwing out, they're about the potential for injury and when we're able to get in front of these people, we're able to convince them of that. And I'm hoping to make some announcements with some retailer by the end of the second quarter at the latest. But lot other people we started conversations with the year ago, we renewed those conversations, they have now seen six months of some sales out there, we have seen good response. The holiday season quite frankly we were late to at the end of the year. A lot of times the people are doing their buying for that in the first half of the year so at the end of the year was a lot of the direct sales and lot of the guys that had come online, but they are talking now about those types of applications. So, the response has been very positive. I think we are seeing a positive response from the consumers that are buying and that are coming back to us. I just ran into some folks a few weeks ago that went out and bought five for some family and friends that they just believe it's a good product and it's really demonstrated well for them and they actually did not have a use, but they are seeing the laws enforcement use it, it's mere presence is deterring people and I think that’s again with a reputation that we have out there, that’s the best use of all we can have for our users.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, and if I can then just, two quick follow-ups on that. One, what is the cost of the infomercial specifically that fall in Q1 and what do you expect throughout all of this year that you could spend on marketing around C2?
Tom Smith: Well we don’t have the final cost rundown, but it's not going to cheap. But I can tell you on the advertising side, we are tipping our toe into the pool very, very slowly. It's depending on their response goes, that’s something that we can react to very quickly. If we are seeing a good response, we can lever that up very quickly, if we are not, we'll slow that down, we'll tweak it and go run some more tests. So we can spend anywhere between $1 million at a minimum. If it's running very well, Dan will probably choke me for this, but we can spend 10s to 20s if we are getting the responses that we see. Again that’s something that we do get direct response. We get direct feedback on the infomercial itself. And in the channel they usually are telling us the stats are 7 to 1. So whatever we are going to see on the direct response you'll see 7 times that out in the marketplace. But we are going to be measuring specifically what we are doing this weekend, what's the call response and what's the response in those particular markets. We are running different tests in different markets on the call to see what's working and what's not.
Dan Behrendt: As far as the cost of the commercial, it will be about $520,000 we'll recognize just for the commercial itself and then the advertising on top of that. As Tom said, we'll spend at least $1 million on the advertising and depending on what we see it's very scaleable as one of the things it's great about the infomercial.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, and then final question, before, you're having some commodity price pressure, you raised prices on the cartridges last year, I think by a buck. Any thoughts on doing the same with the X26 or just looking at the pressure there pushing that up 50 bucks or so or something?
Tom Smith: I don't think so, not right now we are still pretty confident that we have hit the bottom on the margin side, that we are going to able get that turned around without having to go out there and raise the cost or the price.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, perfect, thanks guys.
Tom Smith: Thank you
Operator: With Dougherty your next question comes from Greg McKinley. Please proceed.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Yeah thank you, in terms of the international sales that occurred this quarter I know you mentioned $3 million. How many customers did that come from, could you share that?
Tom Smith: I can't give you that yet, we had literally, we've got 45 countries now using the product and it did come from all over and obviously there was a lot of attention during that quarter from Canada. We still did have sales from Canada during the quarter, but it's not one single customer per se during the quarter its pretty spread out.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay, looking at operating costs, Dan it looks like as for the full year was may be up about 15% in terms of total operating expenses. As you said you had 150 new employees in '07. Can you give us a sense for where you are in terms of infrastructure build out at corporate and the manufacturing facility and how we can expect to that impact '08 trends?
Dan Behrendt: I think one of the things that I've been pretty proud of is I think we have done a real good job in 2007 on keeping a handle on the cost structure. The rallies we grew the sales by close to 50% as you pointed out there is a much smaller growth in the indirect expenses. I think as we move in to '08, we look out to make some investments in the business in order to continue to our growth. I think it’s a bit of a step-function for the company where we're able to keep costs down in 2006 and 2007. But as we grow the business, I think we find that there are certain areas we need to invest in, and I think we'll see investments. You've seen some of that already with the hiring of Steve Mercier in the manufacturing area, we've got open searches right now for VP of Marketing, VP of Consumer Sales, so we're adding to the infrastructure, but we think we need to do that in order to make sure we can execute and grow the business profitably.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay, very good. And then just a follow-up on the advertising and media, you mentioned $500,000 for the commercial I'm assuming is that the expensing of the capitalized production cost?
Dan Behrendt: That's correct.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay. And then what was the amount you indicated for advertising?
Tom Smith: It will be at least $1 million over the year and then we'll lever that up, but that's not all going in one chunk like I said we are starting in ten cities this weekend, by mid-week, next week, we are to have some initial results from that then we can determine what do we do, what do we tweak, what worked, what didn't. So again that's kind of a budget that we've set for the beginning of the year at a minimum.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay.
Tom Smith: But again according like Dan said that's something we can respond and lever very quickly.
Greg McKinley - Dougherty: Okay, thank you.
Tom Smith: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Dyer with Craig Hallum. Please proceed.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Good morning, guys.
Dan Behrendt: Good morning.
Tom Smith: Good morning.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Couple of quick questions, so just to clarify, Tom on what you just said, $1 million base line in advertising over the year not for quarter. I mean it certainly could be per quarter, but what you referring to a sort of spread out throughout the year?
Tom Smith: That's correct. We spent $0.5 million to produce the commercial. We want to dedicate at least $1 million over the course of the year at a minimum to go out and run that and again it's going to be done in very small bytes, and spread in numerous cities and to all different areas of the countries so we can find out if it is regional, is it the message. We hired an outside firm and that's what they do is test these things, they have a pattern that they follow and then they can come back to us a very specific result of what, we need to tweak, or not tweak or areas in the country that are working.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay.
Tom Smith: You want to see all that hit in Q1 unless the things run in bananas for us.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: So the way to think about would be, but a half a million to make the commercial and then an extra million to run it?
Tom Smith: That's correct, that's what we have in the budget, that's assuming, we really have to tweak it, and it's taken a long time to really find the right lever and we're not getting any big hits with it.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay and then, how much for additional advertising and what channels would you be looking at?
Tom Smith: Well, again I think that's going to be direct message as to how successful it is if its, if we're getting the two or three to one on the investment, I don't think we'd have any problem to go twist arm and throw $3 million, $4 million, $5 million at that in a quarter. But if it's not doing that, or if we're not seeing the results we want to see, again, we're not going to go and blow money just for the doing sake of doing. We want to be very scientific about how we do this, look at the stats, look at the results and then sit down and be very methodical about our approach to it.
Kathy Hanrahan: Yeah and that infomercial was being coupled with a lot of marketing materials that are being developed at the retail point as well. So, so as we drive people in, we have the same kind of promotional materials being supported at the retailers and the stores that carry it.
Tom Smith: And if you have watched the infomercial, we really spent a lot of time going through the script for many months on making sure we're communicating, testing the science, that its -- police proven a lot of, there is a lot of education in the infomercial. We're looking at it to help us in that aspect as well, but its going to educate people as well as just get them interested in where to get it.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Right, no I thought that was very well done. The C2 just in general, where are you seeing, may be pockets of surprising growths or weakness, what are your best channels, what's working, what's not, this far?
Tom Smith: Well, obviously with the announcements of Cabela's Gander Mountain Academy, we were very excited to see those guys because traditionally the firearms dealers have been selling our products over the last years. The sporting goods chains, they are new to us, so I was just surprised how quickly they came on and they have been very happy with the performance so far. So, I think, obviously the weak side for us was the consumer electronic retailers. Not getting any of those guys right out of the gate, but again we are still in conversation, so I think the surprise would really be the sporting good guys.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. And then just shifting channels here a little bit, we had gone last year, sometime without really a dustup in the press so to speak until kind of the Canada situations, sort of late in the fourth quarter. Did you see any thing you can identify in terms of people that maybe get cold feet or stepped away given that and just kind of let the dust settle?
Tom Smith: Obviously we've got a lot of enquiries around it. If you follow the media up there at all; I was in Toronto doing a presentation to the public. Again, it's about pubic education, it's about public information and giving peoples the facts. I testified in Ottawa about it. So, certainly Canada has taken a slowdown. There is still buying as I said, we received orders from them even after the incident occurred, but I think there was more a lot of questions and what was response to a lot of the hype. Again, people have to remember we went through this in the United States in 2005. So this time I think, especially in the US, they are like we've heard that story, we know that sign is there and internationally they were just reconfirming that. Where it is still a dustup in Canada, there is still a great deal of interest in it, I'm sure I'm going to up there some more, but it's about presenting the science and the facts and it's very hard for people to argue with that. You'll remember, you probably saw pictures of me sitting with the great big blue book of all of our, over 120 studies and 1,300 pages of science and I think that was the biggest surprise when I went and talked to these individuals and to the committee up there with how much science really is there, because the critics obviously are trying to present that there isn't any, and the reality is that they are just full of it.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay and then I guess finally you know circling back to gross margins. Can you give us any color on sort of how you see that ramp back progressing you know sort of what do we get to how does that ramp over the year just with these improvements you are making.
Kathy Hanrahan: You'll see steady improvements as we go from Q1 to Q4. As I explained a little bit in the material reductions we saw those come in to our inventory in the fourth quarter, we are still staring to see those reductions come in to play, so you will see them a lot probably late in March in terms of cost of goods sold. The labor reduction is in place now, so we should see a decline in the labor for the first quarter and we'll continue to manage that as we go forward. The other thing that was impacted by the cost of our materials was our scrap as we took a really hard look at the production scrap versus the prior year and a lot of that increase also had to with the component cost. So that really should make an improvement in a couple of places, but again I think the biggest thing we did is step back and restructured and realigned that organization to really be successful. We have got one group focused on the sustaining engineering. So how do we make our products better and for less money, they are working very diligently and have some great ideas moving forward on our existing products like the X26, I think Steve's focused on putting systems in place and improving the things that we need to grow the business so we don't incur the kinds of things we did with the C2 last year are all going to have improvements. So you'll see it in Q1 you will see it continue to improve all the way in to Q4.
Tom Smith: And I think that’s one of the things, Dan touched on, we grow our revenue at a pretty substantial rate, but our SG&A was pretty tight, we are coming back now we have been pretty sensitive over the last couple of years to make sure that we didn’t grow too much there, but at the same time we do see a lot of opportunities out there and we're going to make the investments to get the right people in here to help us grow and go into these different markets. The R&D, obviously we're going to continue to invest in that to expand our technology and Kathy and Steve are going to be really focused internally on making sure that we're efficient. We stumbled in the fourth quarter trying to get all the products out the door, because we wanted to hear our growth numbers which we did, and now we're going to really make sure that in addition to hitting our growth numbers on the revenue side, we're going to hit them on the margin side.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. So then just finally, I guess, in terms of numbers, would you expect gross margin in Q1 to be up over Q4 and then steadily progress higher throughout the year?
Kathy Hanrahan: Yes.
Steve Dyer - Craig Hallum: Okay. Thank you.
Kathy Hanrahan: Yep.
Operator: With Jefferies & Company your next question comes from Matthew McKay. Please proceed.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Good morning, guys.
Tom Smith: Good morning, Matt.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Just on the production side. I'm assuming that you guys are still running two shifts at this point?
Kathy Hanrahan: We are running two shifts, yes.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And at what capacity are the two shifts being run at?
Kathy Hanrahan: The first shift is running at a 100%, and we ramped back that second shift, effectively we did not do a great job when we brought the second shift on in terms of bringing the labor in and making sure that was efficient. When we took a look at it, we actually had more headcount than we needed, so we pulled that back, and we'll continue to track that with our sales forecast and the demand for the product as we bring people in, but we will do a much better job bringing them in.
Tom Smith: We're running at a 100% of volume maybe its not efficiency, but we're going to get that improved too.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, Can I look at the number of units in the quarter, kind of on the X26; we're over 23,000, C2 only just about 9,000. It would seem like although while you are coming closer capacity on X26, those types of capacity levels can be met with just kind of one shift.
Kathy Hanrahan: We do, but we have also got the cartridges. The other things that we're working on in addition to our current production are the new products things like the XREP that are going into field trials are also being built now by production employees. So we're trying to make sure that as we bring those on we do a much better job moving forward than we did last year.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, and then just kind of a curiosity why you can run one shift at a 100% and another shift considerably below that as opposed to maybe trying to go 60-60 or something like that just to try and just kind of some of the logic behind it would be helpful?
Kathy Hanrahan: One of the reasons we run first shift full capacity is it's when we've also got all of the engineering resources here. So we're also taking a look at some of the sustaining engineering and how we can improve those products. And the second shift right now is really used to offset what cannot be produced on one shift like the cartridge lines for example, because the demand for the cartridges and you can see from that 17 to 1 ratio is climbing and we build majority of our cartridges are actually that's where the overflow is being built is on the second shift.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then there was a recent article where one of your distributors basically highlighted that he sold $1 million of C2 in the past four months, which given how many you sold in the fourth quarter with either he is completely dominating what you're selling or it would seem like things have sort of heated up a little bit in January in the first quarter. So I'm just curious like any color you can give on C2 in the first quarter?
Tom Smith: I saw that article and that's a guy down in Florida and obviously Florida, California tend to be the leading areas of product adoption. So again we're seeing continued success of the product, but we aren't able to say with any big numbers what we can get for the first quarter we'll be able to give you that in about two months, but again with the response we got on out of the consumer electronics show and that followed very promptly with the SHOT show, that product was in the media very, very, successfully. So, obviously that was very positive for us to see that guy come out and make that statement, and again that is on the retail side, where we sell obviously discount from that for the dealers and distributors. But obviously that wasn’t a very positive note for us to see as well on the C2.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Yeah, and then just wondering if the build in inventory; Dan I know you said it was a refection of the growing sales. But I'm wondering if, in anticipation of CES but also return on advertising and everything else that you guys have been building up C2 inventory and if so if you could quantify just how many units are in there?
Dan Behrendt: Yeah, we definitely built the inventory, both of the C2 product and also the X26 product and that was one of the ways we were able to meet the demand for the quarter. So, I think, unlike some of the prior quarters where we finished the quarter with very little in finished goods, we have really built some inventory thereby, which I think puts us in a good position to be able to satisfy the demand as we move forward and really service our customers better from that perspective. We've got, we did put about 19,000 C2s on the shelves in the quarter, which is really as you pointed out in anticipation of the CES show and also the infomercial starting, and once we got the production employees ramped up and working efficiently it did make sense to scale them back. It made more sense to go ahead and put some inventory on the shelf in order to be in a position to satisfy what we hope to be growing demand for the C2 as we move into 2008.
Tom Smith: Yeah and there was a conscious thought to do that. As you mentioned, CES, SHOT are our biggest consumer shows of the year. They are right out of the gate and the infomercial, the biggest lever for us on that infomercial is being able to deliver very quickly. The last thing somebody wants to do is see something, order it and then get it in six weeks. So we wanted to make sure is that infomercial starts to run that we do are able to ship within a 48 hour period and get that out to the customer very quickly.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay and then relative to when you made the decision to allow the inventory to build up to what you have seen over the past month and a half. Has it kind of met expectations?
Tom Smith: We made the decision last year obviously, because we've been looking at the timing of the trade shows knowing we were spending the money in the infomercial, we obviously made the decision to give manufacturing a heads up that hey we wanted to not only build the demand to ship everything we got out, we want to put X thousand units on the shelf which we came pretty close to getting right on where we were going to be on the manufacturing side. So I would say on the manufacturing side, yeah we did what we wanted to do. We didn't miss by any big number in other words we weren't saying lets build 2000 and we built 20, I mean we were pretty close to what we wanted on the shelf coming in to the first quarter this year and then again on the sales side, we got the infomercial just starting to hit and their interest out of CES was great, it really was.
Kathy Hanrahan: But on the other side Matt, you have been following us for a while and there is a lot of exciting things in the future so the other decision was made was not just on the C2, but we wanted to make sure that we started to put X26's on the shelf as well as cartridges for some of the lumpier sales that hit our business to make sure that those were not an interruption to the regulars pipeline as well.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, that's all -- my other question, sort of as we move through here and you've got obviously a lot of agencies that are still a partial deployment. Does the X26 side of the business, does it become more lumpier as may be you get some larger departments that go to full deployment or does it actually become smoother just because you get a larger you got a larger installed base and therefore you just start getting kind of more predictable reorder flow.
Tom Smith: Domestically, it's definitely smoother. It is the consistent, they are adding units to grow it out, the lumpy sides comes internationally, I mean obviously that is the one we just put out the 3,000 M26 was in a single order. Obviously I have been working on that for a few months here, but we did 777 in all of Q4 of that particular product line. So that is right there, the demonstration of the lumpiness that we expect to get this year on the X26, and so we do want to have products on the shelf to be able to meet that. I don't want to get an order and then have to wait two quarters to ship it, because a lot of times these are filler kill-type deals they won't take partials for the orders. So obviously if some of the bigger ones such as France or things like that come in, we're telling, we aren't going to be able to, we want to space those out, because they are also going to have to time that with training, but the internationals is really where we're going to see the lumpiness I think on the X26.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Yeah. So do you expect more or like a recent order then kind of what the UK did which was a very methodical multiyear study test and sort of rollout. You think that like France for example could be a larger near-term order I guess?
Tom Smith: Correct. They will have to go back out and bid that, so they will do in a larger number. The UK is the UK. I don't expect them to change. I think you'll continue to see them steady slow progress, for them this was, I can't even put it, it's a monumental stuff for them to take this and give it to non-firearm guys. I mean these are guys that have never touched a firearm in their life, they have no experience in it. They don't cover it even in their training, and now they are giving them this device to carry, and there is a lot of trepidations they move forward with that, but they did it. It's being received very, very successfully in the initial results that we are seeing and hearing it from the media over there. But there again, they're a little over two and a half months into that program, but I expect to see that one to go continually, I expect to see some of the other countries to take some larger numbers and then again going back to that order we just announced. I do think that's going to be a direct result of some of the countries that don't have the dedicated study resources. They're going to look at somebody like the UK, France, Australia, Singapore those types of countries that have done the due diligence that have really spent the time on the resources and hopefully we're going to see more of those guys come online where they're going to just go right to the deployment out of the gate.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Yeah. How many countries now have some type of a TASER program going?
Tom Smith: 45.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: 45, and you still expect, kind of about half a dozen of them to sort of enter into more of a procurement phase this year? 
Tom Smith: We do. Obviously the one's that's garnered our attention recently, so I am sure most people to watch it is Australia. They've been having a lot of media and a lot of press come out of there from all the seven states with the police ministers talking about broader expansion and again I think that goes back to, they've been doing the field tests for several years. They've done the studies, last year Western Australia move forward with a big order and that's now resonating through the rest of the country. So again I think that kind of a micro cause in what we see on our international market stage.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. And then just one last question, just as the cash builds up you guys going to think more about share repurchase or anything like that?
Tom Smith: We've had some discussions at the board level about what we're going to do, no decisions were made. I can tell you both those items were; they were a bunch of items that we looked at. At the same time there is a lot of discussion we're going to continue to invest in research and development advance our technology and we're going to keep a sizeable war chest to be able to take on the fox and grow the business. But there is a lot of discussion going on at the board level.
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. Good job, guys.
Tom Smith: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Coster with JP Morgan. Please Proceed.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Thank you. Good morning.
Tom Smith: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Hi. I've got a few questions. First of all for Dan. In the press release, it hints at the possibility of the legal activities going to start tapering off soon. Is that true? How much of your expense is going towards legal activities on a quarterly basis and do you expect it to decline in '08?
Dan Behrendt:  No, I think as far as the -- we've definitely have seen a number of active cases in front of us decline. We've had more dismissals in 2007 than new cases. So I think that the decline in active cases facing the company, it certainly helps to keep a handle on legal, I would not -- legal expenses for the fourth quarter are about $750,000 that’s down about $100,000 from last year. So, we've definitely have seen that come down year-over-year. It is higher than the third quarter, but I think the third quarter as we talked was bit of an anomaly as we had a number of cases hit the retention in the third quarter and also just the work cases were on their life cycles. So I think it's one of those sort of ebb and flow type items. I think that, our focus as a company is to work in ways to try to reduce the amount of litigation that we are facing and I think it will come down over time. It is tough to predict. I would kind of model it at comparable levels for 2008 and hopefully we can improve on that, but I don’t think we are going to see a dramatic reduction in the near term.
Tom Smith: Yeah, I was talking to our legal department too and one of the things that we are going to be facing in 2008 is a couple of these cases that were previously dragging a little bit, they are really getting pretty heavy in to the discovery phase this year and I think we've got a couple scheduled for going to trial at the tail end of the year and obviously we will be ready for those we are not going to skimp there on our defense side.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: If I can just revisit the international side of business for a second, Kathy how are you pricing the products and is the weak dollar giving you some leeway to increase your pricing there?
Tom Smith: What we sell in US dollars to all of our customers, we sell to the distributors, who are then turning around and selling it there. So I think it is making a little bit more affordable there on their side but quite frankly because we're turning it and selling it to the distributor and all we are dealing in the US dollars we don't get in to any of the currency valuations in affecting our international. I can tell you our cost is obviously a little bit higher on the international side so our prices are a little bit higher, but the currency I think is more going to affect the distributor in that particular country than really us.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Got it, and as you scale off internationally is there the opportunity to move to direct sales in certain countries and will that have impacts on margin?
Tom Smith: I think, I don't know that we will go to a direct sales, because a lot of times the foreign countries want to work with somebody that's right located in that country that provide service to provide response, to provide training. One of the things actually about this in the past is will we be setting up an operation to manufacture there and again, because of department of commerce export rules we will not be doing that. But I think that by keeping somebody there locally keeps somebody gainfully in that country and that help us more than it would hurt us.
Kathy Hanrahan: And the other piece of that is typically our distributors establish all of the importing and they are also they're pretty well connected with the departments ministry and the other agencies that are involved with bringing the product in. So they are incredibly helpful, our folks like in the UK and France were instrumental in that product expanding the way it has.
Tom Smith: It would just be hard to sit here in Scottsdale and be able to provide service to France or the UK with the time change and the cultural differences and just the language barriers and all those things that factor in to it.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan: Okay. Lastly, in Trig buy, what's happening in the military at the movement there is a move towards unmanned ground vehicles, I think they are talking about 30% of them being unmanned by 2015. You've had this early success with iRobot. Can you give us any data points the iRobot partnership and also your sense of this unmanned ground vehicle opportunity and is it something you are actively involved in yet?
Tom Smith: The iRobot is mainly the slowest of the three, because we've been working so hard on the other areas. And again really what that was more intended to do was to be a proof-of-concept to prove whether there was interest there and I can tell you there was. We've received from a number of different areas within the military interest, not just domestically but internationally of incorporating TASER technology with the unmanned vehicles. I just can't give any real specific on it, but I can tell you that we felt that that was a successful launch, that there was a lot of interest in term of that integration. Our partnership with iRobot still is going to move forward, but it did prompt a lot of the other branches with military to think and look at our technology being integrated with the unmanned vehicles again especially in the European data with some of our partners over there.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Kathy Hanrahan: Thank you. 
Tom Smith: Sorry I can't be more specific on that, but a lot of times when you are working with the military they don't want a whole lot of that information out, as do our customers that order that we announced earlier unless the country, they'll a lot of times, are going to do that beyond if they don't want, we won't and that's why you will see it's still is an unnamed country.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan: Got it.
Tom Smith: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up question from the line of Eric Wold with Merriman Curhan Ford. Please proceed.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Hey, couple of follow-up question on the C2. I don't know if you want to give it. In the past you gave the backlog going into the next quarter do you have that at the end of Q4?
Tom Smith: It was minimal.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay.
Tom Smith: We really did (inaudible) to get it all out by the end of the year
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: That's good and secondly, you saw an article, why were the C2 being sold over in France direct to the distributor there, and the article talked about having 2,000 units already in backlog that was I think a couple of weeks ago and being shipped this month. Any update on kind of how that's been sold there, kind of any thoughts there?
Tom Smith: That wasn't it is going very slow and we're doing that for a reason, because we're really are focusing on, we've got have a huge opportunity with the law enforcement side of this and quite frankly, that he and us are putting just the effort into the law enforcement side, not spending a lot of time on the C2 side over there. There has been obviously demand, he talked about that in the article, but it's not been a focus for us, and probably won't be till the later half of the year.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, on that any other country besides France that would be getting the C2?
Tom Smith: There is a handful but its three to five, its not very many, most of the countries like UK, like Canada, it’s a prohibited item so it's a very small handful of number of countries that would even allow their citizens to have that type of a technology.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: And for the most parts, those will be done through distributors or will you ever do those directly?
Tom Smith: No, those will all be done through distributors, because then again, we hear when we sell this in there we do a background check and we do a registration. So we're asking our distributors when they're doing the same thing, which also is taking time for them to set up, when they're selling this, they need to do some kind of a check on who is going to, where its going and a registration system, so that our AFID system has integrity that not just here domestically but internationally as well.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: So if someone from France logs onto your US website tries to order one, either just deny them or just kind of relocate them to the France side, or kind how does that flow?
Tom Smith: We cannot shift there, we deny them not, because the export licensing requirements from the US. So we would be sending those over to our distributor in that country.
Kathy Hanrahan: And what happens on the web is they try to put it into a location we can't ship, and we tell them to call the 1-800 number and our customer service folks walk them through that.
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Perfect. Thanks, Guys.
Kathy Hanrahan: Thank you.
Tom Smith: Thank you so much, Eric. And Tony, thank you very much for hosting the call. For everyone on the call thank you so much for listening in. Obviously, stay tuned, we are very excited and we'll talk to you in April after Q1 2008. Good morning.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, once again thank you for your attendance in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-21 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Tom Smith - Chairman   Doug Klint - VP and General Counsel   Rick Smith - CEO   Dan Behrendt - CFO   Kathleen Hanrahan - President 
Analysts: Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford   Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company   Rick Ryan - Feltl 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2006 TASER International Incorporated Earnings Call. My name is Tuwanda and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will facilitate a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Smith, Chairman. Please proceed, sir. 
Tom Smith: Thank you and good morning. We'd like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter and end of 2006 conference call wrap-up. We're obviously very excited about our record quarter; the best in our history, as well as, a record year. But before we can get into a detailed chatting about that, Doug has got some riveting comments for us. Doug? 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Doug Klint: Thanks, Tom. Certain statements contained in this presentation may be deemed to be forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and TASER International intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the Safe Harbor created thereby  Such forward-looking statements relate to expected revenue and earnings growth, estimations regarding the size of our target markets, successful penetration of the law enforcement market, the expansion of product sales to the private security, military, consumer self-defense markets, growth expectations for new and existing accounts, expansion of production capability, new product introductions, product safety and our business model.  We caution that these statements are qualified by important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to market acceptance of our products, establishment and expansion of our direct and indirect distribution channels, attracting and retaining the endorsement of key opinion-leaders in the law enforcement community, the level of product technology and price competition for our products, the degree and rate of growth at the markets in which we compete and the accompanying demand for our products, potential delays in the international and domestic orders, implementation of risks at manufacturing automation, risks associated with rapid technological change, execution and implementation risks of new technology, new product introductions risks, ramping manufacturing production to meet demand, litigation resulting from alleged product related injuries and deaths, media publicity concerning product uses and allegations of injuries and deaths and the negative impact this could have on sales, product quality risks, potential fluctuations in quarterly operating results, competition, negative reports considering TASER device uses financial and budgetary constraints of prospects and customers, dependence upon sole and limited source suppliers, fluctuations in component pricing, risks of government investigations and regulations, TASER product tests and reports, dependence upon key employees, employee retention risks and other factors detailed in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  I would now like to turn the call back to Rick Smith, our CEO. 
Rick Smith: Thank you, Doug. Again, as Tom mentioned, we had a record year. Just a little bit more than we had in 2004. But right after 2005, I can say I am proud of the employees here who really stuck it out to overcome the challenges and got this company back on track.  We had 42% year-over-year revenue growth, $19.3 million in revenue in the fourth quarter and just about 20% operating income with $3.8 million. Also, as you all know, it's critically important for us how we are performing in the legal arena. And Doug and his team turned in seven more product liability suits dismissed for a total of 30, including a couple of real big ones.  First was the Alvarado trial. As you all know, that was our first jury trial of an in-custody death in central Los Angeles, which was a notoriously difficult jury pool area. We've got a unanimous jury verdict in our favor together with LAPD. We developed a good partnership with them in defending that case and we are obviously very happy with the outcome.  Also, the Hasse case. For those of you who remember, the Hasse case involved a man in Chicago. It was the first time that a medical examiner had made a conclusion that the TASER was the primary cause of death. Although, all of the experts we had look at it vehemently disagreed because Mr. Hasse had a lethal level of methamphenamine in his blood and the time course of the event certainly did not support any electrical related issues. We are very glad to see that we've now won that case at summary judgment.  So, Doug and his legal team just continue to do a fantastic job. I'll foreshadow a little bit as well, he is also doing a great job of keeping our legal costs under control. In fact, we've seen some improvements in that area by bringing a lot of the work in-house.  We also saw continued growth internationally with another $1.6 million in TASER deployments in France, $1.6 million, not units yet. But we certainly remain very optimistic about the contribution in the international markets. Although, I think as Tom will point out, France is going to be a little bit slow in the next few quarters until they get through their national election.  We also, on the political front, had some significant developments with LULAC, which is the League of United Latin American Citizens and the National League of Cities, both passing resolutions that were supportive of the work that we are doing here at TASER International.  And I think both of those, especially the LULAC one is critical to point out here for a second. Because 12-months prior, they were actually looking at a resolution recommending a ban against the product.  Again, once you take the emotions out and look at the fact on how much of a difference our product is making in these communities, they've obviously reversed that position. It was very exciting for us to work with that organization and get that turned around.  During the quarter, we also announced the new TASER Remote Area Denial or TRAD concept. That's a new concept for deploying our technologies for area denial that we believe could open a new market space for us in military and area denial as early as 2008.  So, indicative with the work we have been doing in R&D, we generated 21 additional US patent applications and 26 international patent applications in 2006, bringing our IP portfolio to 25 issued patents and another 80 pending.  One other thing to talk about, as we look to the future is we at TASER International really find ourselves as being leaders, not following in to the existing market spaces. For example, with the X26 or the M26, we created a whole new area in law enforcement, a whole new market space. And obviously that has done very well for the company, leading to a significant growth since 2000.  Similarly with TASER CAM, we have stretched out into a new space and you will see the same thing with our new XREP with the TRAD technology and with the C2. None of these are products that are going into existing or known markets.  And when you are charting on unchartered waters, as our analysts I am sure are aware, makes it very difficult to predict the future, because you just don't know until you get there and you get out into the market space. But it's also very exciting, because like the X26, any one of these products has incredible potential to be very big or maybe slower than expected.  But with the TASER CAM, for example, we are seeing longer adoption time than we had originally anticipated. So sales from last year of the TASER CAM were less than expected. But I would also like to point out that it's still a great return on investment for our development dollars.  So, even on a conservative estimate with the TASER CAM, these new product developments are very good investments of our dollars, and we are hopeful that with the C2 and some of these other ones, we will see faster growth like we did with X26. And we do believe, longer term by the way, the TASER CAM is being well received in the market. It's just requiring new procedural issues at the Police Departments. It's a whole new issue that they have never dealt with before, and therefore it takes some time to get their hands around the new field test and develop the policies.  But again, this year you will see a couple of new markets coming on line, with the C2 in the consumer space and the XREP going into the wireless projectiles. And needless to say, we are very excited about the opportunities that those represent.  And with that I am going to turn over to Dan to talk a little more about some of the specific financial results. 
Dan Behrendt: Okay. Thanks Rick. On the income statement, first let's take a look at the fourth quarter. Sales for the quarter were $19.3 million, which is up 53% from the prior year.  Our gross margins for the quarter were $12.2 million or 63.3% of sales, which is down 1% from the prior year due to increased material costs of sales mix, which included the loss due to high margin X26 products during the quarter versus the prior year. And then we had some costs associated with building C2 products for the CES show in January.  We did get a lot more leverage out of the indirect expenses in the year, because of the 53% increase in sales over the prior year.  SG&A expenses were $7.7 million for the quarter versus $7.2 million in the prior year. Variances were really driven by higher salaries and benefits, the stock compensation charges resulting from the implementation of 123R for the company of $114,000 for the quarter, and then higher travel and meal costs of about $392,000 for the quarter, which was really driven by two large shows we had in the fourth quarter.  We had the International Chiefs of Police show at Boston and the National League of Cities in Reno during the fourth quarter. And both of those resulted in heavy travel expenses for the company and its employees.  These unfavorable variances were partially offset by lower outside legal fees of $209,000 for the quarter, lower professional fees of $115,000 and lower IR costs of $136,000 for the quarter.  Research and development expenses were $705,000 for the quarter, an increase of $235,000 over the prior year. Again, this is driven mostly by salaries, stock compensation charges, and higher supplies. Again, the company intends to continue to ramp up its R&D spending in 2007.  Income from operations of $3.8 million or 19.7% of sales is up 877% from the prior year. I think it has proven to be more impressive, considering the fact that this year's results do include the 123R charges that we did not have in the 2005 numbers.  Interest income for the quarter was $599,000. This is up $223,000 from the prior year due to higher investment balances and better yielding investments.  Pre-tax for the quarter is $4.4 million with net income of $2.3 million or $0.04 a share on both the basic and diluted basis.  Going on to the total year results, we had sales of $67.7 million, which as Tom and Rick indicated as the highest one-year total in the company's history. This is up $20 million or 42% from the prior year.  Gross margins of $43.2 million or 63.8% of sales are up 1.7% from the prior year. This is due to getting more leverage out of our indirect costs resulting from the higher sales levels.  SG&A expenses were $29.7 million for the year versus $26.5 million last year. Variances were driven by higher salaries and benefits of $1.1 million, stock compensation charges of $800,000, and higher travel and meals expenses of $333,000. And these were offset by lower investor relations' expenses of $362,000 versus the prior year.  R&D expenses were $2.7 million for the year, which is an increase of $1.1 million over the prior year; again, driven by higher salaries of $591,000, stock compensation of almost $200,000, and higher supplies and consulting costs.  Income from operations is a reported loss of $6.8 million. But this does include the $17.65 million of shareholders' selling expenses, which we've recorded in the second quarter. You can do the math and see if these one-time expenses were excluded. We have solid double-digit operating income for the year, despite having an additional $1.1 million of stock compensation due to the implementation of 123R.  Interest income of $1.9 million for the year is up $649,000 from the prior year on high investment balances and better yielding investments. Again, the net loss for the year is $4 million, driven by the one-time expenses for the shareholders' settlement or a loss of $0.07 per share on both the basic and diluted basis.  On to the asset side of the balance sheet, we did finish the year with $47.8 million of cash and investments. This is an increase of $3.9 million over the prior year, despite making the first $7.9 million cash payment on the shareholders' settlement in the fourth quarter and buying back $2.2 million worth of stock during the year.  Accounts receivable for the quarter is $10.1 million. This is up sharply due to the higher sales levels in the fourth quarter of 2006 versus the fourth quarter of 2005. Inventory of $9.3 million is actually down to $8.47 million from the prior year despite the 42% increase in sales, which is a great news.  Prepaids and other assets of $2.2 million are down $634,000 due to the receipt of the ONR grant revenue, which was outstanding at the end of last year.  The current deferred tax asset is up sharply. If you look down the balance sheet, you will see it's just a re-class of the long-term deferred tax asset below. Current assets ended the year at $56.1 million, up almost $40 million from the prior year.  Property, plant, and equipment finished the year at $20.8 million. It's roughly even with the prior number, as the company has invested in new property and equipment. It's roughly offset with its depreciation expense taken for the year. And total assets for the year have finished at $119.8 million, that's up 7.5 million from the prior year's total of $112.2 million.  On the liability side of the balance sheet, accounts payable and accrued liabilities of $6.8 million, is up $500,000 from the prior year due to more productivity driven by some of the new product developments and increased sales levels.  Current deferred revenue of $1 million is up sharply from the prior year due to the sale of more extended warranties in 2006. Deferred insurance settlement proceeds of $509,000 are up slightly from the prior year. And litigation settlement liability of $9.7 million represents the final payment in the shareholder class action derivative lawsuit.  The company intends to fund its final payment of $8 million on the shareholders' equity in cash. We do not want to dilute our shareholders with the payment of stock when we have such a strong cash and investment balance.  Current liabilities are $18.3 million. Deferred revenue, net of the current provision increased by over $1.1 million to $2 million during the year on the strong sales and extended warranties during 2006. Total liabilities of $20.5 million and the company finished the year with $99.2 million in the shareholders' equity.  On the cash flow, as we move on to the information on the cash flow, the company had operating cash flows of $7.5 million for the year compared to $1.1 million in the prior year. Net cash used in investing activities was $3.6 million, as the company invested $1.8 million in new property equipments and a net $1.5 million in investments.  The company used $1.5 million in financing activities, mostly driven by the $2.2 million stock repurchased during the quarter and the stock buyback approved by our Board.  And the company ended the year with $18.8 million in cash, which is up $2.4 million from the prior year with the total of cash and investments of $47.8 million, up $3.9 million for the year.  With that, I will pass it on to Kathleen Hanrahan, our President. 
Kathleen Hanrahan: Good morning. 2006 was a good year in operation. When we began the year, we targeted improvements in the areas of inventory control, gross margins, and operating efficiencies. During the 12 months ended December 31, 2006, we achieved a gross margin improvement of 1.7% of sales compared to 2005, inventory reduction of approximately $850,000 with the addition of new inventory SKUs and piece parts for new products.  We completed full implementation of the TASER CAM product, a new product offering in 2006. Direct labor efficiencies improved through increased yields and lean manufacturing principles. And scrap, both as a percentage of sales and a percentage of material converted to finished product declined.  Although gross margins improved year-over-year, we did not realize the full benefit of the work performed. This was due largely to increased cost of direct materials, indirect material or manufacturing cost associated with new product development, and a change in our overall sales mix of products and services.  In 2006, we experienced raw material increases ranging from 5% on petroleum-based plastic products to as much as 10% on key electronic assemblies. To reduce the impact of these increases going forward, we adjusted end user pricing where appropriate and our materials department is working to negotiate longer-term purchase agreements with key suppliers to drive unit cost down.  Shipping and import fees also increased due to rising fuel cost. Indirect labor and supplies increased as we prepared the manufacturing floor for the entry of TASER CAM, the C2, and preliminary XREP production. And we saw increased cost associated with our training program, as we introduced the new curriculum directed toward risk managers, chief of the police, and key agency decision makers.  Results for the fourth quarter were similarly impacted. Gross margins for the fourth quarter declined from the same period in 2005 and from the third quarter of this year. This was a combination of two factors: Reduced margins associated with our sales mix and training program; and increased cost associated with manufacturing, both direct and indirect.  The C2 launch was also a key manufacturing priority in the fourth quarter. Although no revenue was generated during the period, approximately $100,000 or 0.5% of sales was expensed in setting up the new production lines and assisting R&D with prototype and marketing builds.  During the last quarter, we also expensed labor, affecting our overall labor efficiencies as the line operators began training and working with the C2 cartridge and the C2 handheld prototypes. And at the end of the fourth quarter, we wrote-off approximately $60,000 in raw materials, which became obsolete due to process improvements.  We made a lot of progress during 2006 and we are looking forward to great things ahead. As discussed in the last conference call, we hired a new VP of Manufacturing to assume my role as the Lead for Manufacturing Operations. [Mr. Apollo] comes to us with experience in developing and implementing world-class manufacturing systems in companies whose products were integral to General Motors, and who ranged in revenue from $50 million to $160 million on an annual basis. We are excited to add his expertise to our team and we look forward to his leadership in automation of our current processes.  He and a team of engineers and technicians have already begun our first project, which we hope to have fully implemented in 2008. Preliminary indications are, that this fully integrated line, once complete, will assemble cartridges per minute, utilizing a fraction of the direct labor expense now required for the same production.  We are also excited about the response for the new C2 product line and look forward to moving this product family into full scale production in the coming weeks.  With that I would like to turn over to Doug Klint, our VP and General Counsel. 
Doug Klint: Thanks Kathy. I would like to give you brief update on our pending litigation. In the Securities Class Action litigation, the court entered an order on December 14, 2006, which gave preliminary approval of the stipulation of the settlement; provided [further] notice of the settlement; set March 5th 2007 as a deadline for submissions to objections and exclusions from the settlement. And set the final settlement hearing date of March 12, 2007 and established April 16, 2007 as a claim submission deadline.  We've got good news to report on the product liability litigation front. The rate of litigation is decreasing. For the first time, we have had fewer lawsuits filed in the fourth quarter. We had seven lawsuits filed in the fourth quarter, which is a marked reduction from the 13 lawsuits that were filed in third quarter.  It's important to note that for the first time we have not had any training injury lawsuits filed and we hope this is a trend going forward. In addition, we had eight lawsuits dismissed in fourth quarter; notable among those was the jury defense verdict we received in the Alvarado lawsuit that Rick mentioned.  I would like to point out that we are still committed to wining these lawsuits that we actually settled with our insurance company in this litigation, rather than allow them an opportunity to offer settlement to the plaintiff. And a paid offer as we ended up with a unanimous jury verdict, which validated our strategy in this case. It's also important to note that we are aware of at least four lawsuits that were not filed against TASER, as a result of our aggressive defense of this litigation. This is the first time we've actually had a net decrease in pending litigations and this is hopefully beginning of the trend going forward.  We've had a total of 32 product liability lawsuits dismissed, through judgment entered for TASER. We have not lost any product liability lawsuit. While we are absolutely committed to winning and we don't anticipate losing any of these lawsuits, our strategy is not depend upon wining every trial, and we have adequate insurance coverage to protect the company against any possible financial loss in the future.  The strongest factor in our favor in defending this litigation is the fact that the plaintiffs have not been able to prove that the TASER device was defective or was the cause of any injury or death. The safety of the TASER device has been well established by over 70 medical and safety studies. In addition, we have over 30 nationally renowned medical and scientific experts who have all concluded that the TASER device played no cause of relationship in any death or suspect injury.  Our strategy is to hire the best world-class medical and scientific experts in all relevant fields. We stand behind the exceptional safety record of the TASER product and we plan to take all cases through trail if necessary. We aggressively defend these cases by filing motions for dismissal and summary judgment as appropriate and we seek sanctions for filing frivolous litigation as the cause arises.  It is our policy not to settle any suspect injury or wrongful death case. Our objective is to send such a strong message to our adversaries by overwhelming them with the strength of our defense, our resolve not to settle that they will be deterred from filling any litigation against TASER in the future.  While we are making investment in winning these law suits, we are also beginning to see a reduction in outside legal fees, as we implement our strategy of easily utilizing our in-house legal team to reduce outside legal services. In fourth quarter, our outside legal fees were $850,000, which was down significantly from 1.90 million in third quarter.  I would also like to point out that, from our customer's perspective, product liability law suits are not a risk to law enforcement agencies. Law enforcement agencies are not liable for product liability litigation. Our customer's battle excessive use-of-force litigation and the TASER device played a very important role in reducing the excessive use-of-force litigation against law enforcement agencies.  Statistics from our customers show marked decrease in excessive use-of-force claims when the TASER devices have been deployed. The courts have routinely held that the use of a TASER device does not constitute excessive use-of-force. Our customers place a very high value on the TASER device in reducing their excessive use-of-force litigation.  With respect to other litigation, I am pleased to report that we've reached a satisfactory settlement in the Stinger unfair advertising lawsuit. In the first quarter, we filed another lawsuit against Stinger for patent infringement. I'd like to point out that we've got a very strong patent portfolio with 25 issued patents and 80 patents pending.  These patents are very broad. They are very basic bedrock patents to the electronic weapon field and we are absolutely committed to enforcing our patents against any infringer. We have in-house litigation and patent attorney expertise to handle any of these lawsuits with a very little outside expense.  I would also like to point out that recently there have been media reports regarding previous lawsuits we filed against ALS and EDT for patent infringement suits. And I would like to point out that, after we filed that litigation, we received assurance from both these companies that they were not going to be bringing these products to market. And we believe that these lawsuits are very instrumental in protecting our intellectual property.  With respect to the lawsuit we filed against our former patent attorney, Mr. Watkins, we did receive summary judgment in fourth quarter, where the court held that there was in fact a breach of fiduciary duty.  It's also important to note that the Supreme Court Commission recommended disbarment of Mr. Watkins as a result of his actions in this matter. We have a hearing coming up in February 28 on our motion for equitable assignment of any of his claimed patent rights, and we intend to pursue this action fully to completion.  We also filed a lawsuit against Bestex for patent infringement. The court granted both parties motions for summary judgment and this case has been dismissed. I would like to point out that before we filed this lawsuit, we sent a letter to Bestex demanding that they cease and desist, asking them to contact us regarding their level of inventory going forward to discuss this matter. We received absolutely no response. We were forced to file this litigation.  In the course, the discovery was turned out that they were selling inventory in 2006 that was actually purchased back in 2001 while they still had a license. It was also disclosed to us that they only had 11 units left in the inventory. We determined it was not worthwhile continuing this lawsuit for 11 units, and we felt we had mission accomplished at that point.  We also have two pending lawsuits against medical examiners, one in Indiana and one in Ohio for errors made in the autopsy. And we are going to continue those to completions as well.  Now, I would like to turn the call back to Tom Smith, our Chairman. 
Tom Smith: Thank you, Doug. I am going to talk about the sales accomplishments during the fourth quarter. And let's start with agencies. During the quarter, we added 709 new agencies, bringing the total to 10,567 that are either testing or deploying our product. Out of those customers, we added 313 of our existing customers to hold deployments, bringing the level now to 3,346 agencies with full deployment, meaning every area petrol officer is carrying a TASER that's roughly 31.5% of our existing customers. So again, there are still very good growth opportunities, both in customers not carrying our products as well as existing customers that are continuing to expand their deployments.  During the quarter, we had about 21.5% of our sales in the international market space, which if you look at the year-to-date basis on the international that represents 13.7% or roughly $9.3 million of our revenue during 2006 occurring overseas.  In terms of the unit sales, during the fourth quarter we sold 15,696 of our X26 units. That's down from the previous quarter with 17,196. But what we did see is an increase on our cartridge unit sales which went from 232,068 in the third quarter up to 273,835. That did change our ratio of cartridges during the quarter from the third quarter where we had 13 to 1 cartridges; the fourth quarter saw roughly 17 to 1. And again, we do expect to see that continue to increase as we go forward, as there are more existing units out there and officers continue to train and use on the cartridges with the existing as well as new unit purchases.  I will also touch on the M26, our other product line. The sales went from 1383 during the third quarter up to 1,719 during the fourth quarter, as that product line is still being used by agencies in the marketplace today.  We will also talk about the TASER CAM and why sales were lower than expected. We do still see units going out there. During the quarter, we sold 3,118. That's up from the previous quarter. And I think very significantly earlier this year, we saw a fantastic video from the TASER CAM that was put out, I believe out of Kansas City.  It was demonstrating how the officers were facing a situation where when they opened the door with a suspect, they were facing a mental suspect that had a very, very large butcher knife. They've given commands to drop the knife. He didn't do so. And again, it demonstrated the use of the TASER capturing the scene as it was occurring allowing people to see the successful use of the product. And I think one of things that has contributed to the adoption of this, as the agency is looking at policy and implementation of the accountability of the TASER CAM. Rick touched on it earlier, it has been a very good return on investment for us, but it is a product area with video that we have not gone into before and we are still seeing continued growth in that area.  During the quarter, we also attended our largest law enforcement trade show. Dan touched earlier, the International Association of Chiefs of Police, which was held in Boston, Massachusetts in October. Again, there was a big emphasis put on the TASER CAM product during that trade show and a very good reception. Again, getting a lot units out for tests and evaluation and those are continuing to go forward.  We also continue our Chiefs Course program, which is really designed towards the administrative and executive staff, as well as the attorneys for the different cities. During the quarter, we held them in both Toronto and Oakland, very well attended courses, as we continue to discuss risk mitigation and other issues that are easily interested at the Chief's level.  Earlier, I talked about the growth of our international markets. Obviously with over 20% of our international, is coming out of the fourth quarter in France as well as other countries. We are putting a refocus on our international growth and markets and we are actually in the process right now of recruiting for a Vice President of International Sales. That recruiting process is being head by Kathy. We deem that to be a very, very key strategic hire for us going forward.  [Joe Apollo] was a fantastic addition to the team to run the internal operations area for us. We are very excited about him and very we are very excited about the opportunity to get in a Vice President of International Sales, as international continues to be a key part of our growth, as we go into 2007.  And I think it is a key to note that we have crossed over the 250,000 point in terms of total number of TASER security being used by law enforcement in over 40 countries around the world.  So, as Rick said our R&D teams are very busy. We introduced the C2 electronic TASER Personal Protection System at the CES and SHOCK Shows in January. That product will be coming out during the second quarter. There will be no revenue from that product category during the first quarter. And we will spend some more time on our next conference call in about 60 days talking specifically about that product.  We also will not be giving any guidance for the year 2007, just in case there are any questions on that. And again, we really like to focus on the fact that I have been asked, because I have been traveling around, people were trying to figure out was 2004 or 2005 the year, [of the anomaly], and I think we have demonstrated that basically 2005 was a year taken away from us and we are back on track now. We've come out with our best quarter in our history in the fourth quarter. Our best year, in 2006 in our history and it's onward and upward as we are now looking to expand our technology that's about protecting lives and really making a difference in the world and in our communities and expanding that into other markets. But, Rick and the design team have got some really exciting products coming out with the C2 coming out of the closest.  So with that, obviously we are very excited about the year and we would like to ask our host Tuwanda to go ahead and open up this call to any questions that people may have. And also to stay tuned that in April on the third week, we will be doing our first quarter conference call to discuss the first quarter of 2007. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Mr. Eric Wold with Merriman Curhan Ford. Please proceed. 
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Hey. Good morning, everybody. Couple of questions on the C2 launch, you are not looking for guidance, but can you give us just some overall thoughts now that you've had a couple shows and you've spoken to distributors, what the initial read looks like from distributors on potentially how many doors this could get into in the second half the year? And then also, obviously, you've been taking preorders on your websites from consumers, give us sense on potentially even how that looks? 
Dan Behrendt: Well, we are not going to give out any numbers in terms of the orders that have been received from the website. But I can tell you from the distribution side, the response has been fantastic. Obviously, we've got a lot of coverage at the shows, introduced a product that's been asked for by the consumers. That product was really designed for the consumer. Over the last several years, even though we've been selling to consumers since 1994, our focus since 2000 has been law enforcement and taking a law enforcement product and rolling it over to the consumer.  This one was designed from the ground up for the consumer marketplace and I think we really did meet the needs of the requests that have been out there for that. And I can tell you, we've had a lot of large box retailers that have never shown an interest in the past, taking an interest and taking a look at it. But we have not done anything in terms of putting out numbers, putting out any projections at this point, because we use the show to kind of wet their appetite and get into those discussion points. And at this point, that's where we are out. It's really talking to those different distributors. 
Rick Smith: This is Rick. Let me add a little bit of color there. I think what we have seen so far, really for the first time, I would say, in our history, we have a consumer product where even the CES individuals walked right up and whipped out their credit cards to buy it, which was very encouraging. But I'd also temper that the challenge now is going to be establishing distribution, finding where this fits in the distribution chain. And we have already started some talks with the big box retailers. By no means are those concluded or conclusive yet, as you could imagine, because TASER is so high profile, there is some trepidation certainly from certain types of retailers about whether or not this is a fit. I think it's pretty clearly a good fit for major firearm retailers.  I would say we have no problem getting into that channel. But for us to really take advantage of the C2's potential, we are going to have to be able to mainstream it into more mainstream distribution. And I don't want to tell you that that's done yet. There is still lot of work to be done, as we move into the second quarter. We are seeing some encouraging signs though. But again, one of the reasons we don't want to give out a lot of numbers at this point is I think the best characterization is giving you sales into distribution is not going to be particularly helpful until we actually know the consumer is buying it. So I think the best characterization, like we said before is, we are in uncharted waters with great opportunity, but let's be cautious and not get carried away on the front end until we really prove it out and the products move into distribution. 
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Okay, fair enough. And one more follow-up question. When I look back to the price list you guys put out at the end of December, talking about the $2.3 million in international orders, did you guys say, there'd be anticipation of even more orders in the fourth quarter? Can you give a sense of what might have not hit, maybe not name specific names, but what might have not hit in the fourth quarter if that has in fact rolled in the first half of this year and what you thought might have hit in the fourth quarter, have they already been hitting so far this year or what's your expectation there? 
Dan Behrendt: Well, yes. And obviously, for competitive reasons, I don't want to give those out there to give them any direction. But one that is out there that a lot of people have been following and looking at is obviously the LAPD that one is one that we continue to work on with them. We have heard the Police Commission approval there, but there is still a long way to go. It still has to go through committees, city councils, budget years. And as you know, the cities are strapped for cash with that.  So the timing of when that's going to occur? We really don't know. But that's just one example that obviously has been out there. And there are other ones that are in a similar position that are large customers' force that we continue to work with. So where again, it's a business that's really tied back to the government.  They want the police to make the decision. You still have to go back through the city council, through funding, through public safety subcommittees in trying to figure out that process, and exactly when that's going to occur is a challenge. And we continue to work on that. And we just want to make sure people understand that we are focused on them. But the anticipation that they are going to come right away is something that we are not going to put out there for competitive reasons or try to get the timing of a vote by government to approve that process. 
Rick Smith: This is Rick again chiming in. In the fourth quarter, one thing you didn't see a lot from us, were press releases on individual orders. And as I look back frankly preparing for those conference calls, I shared with Dan and we had talk about that. And it's good and bad news.  The good news is we've just got lots of small orders in the quarter than in aggregate took us to a record. Some of the bigger ones we were working on slipped out on us and we didn't get them in the fourth quarter. And frankly you would have seen the press release; we've gotten them already in the first quarter. So, we are pretty confident that these, particularly LAPD and some of the other big ones that we're working on, they were through the primary selection hurdles and now it's the mechanics of getting the financing to purchase across the finish line.  But I think also, when we put that press release out, we wanted to be careful and send the message to our shareholders that at that point based on what we were seeing in the business, we didn't want people to make that an expectation without giving the incremental to expectations at the current point in time.  As you know, with our business, we don't give guidance because it's so hard to predict. And with Regulation FD we've got to be very careful in how we set the street's expectations. And I think the line in which they were done is exactly what it was intended to do. These are some big orders, but let's not get carried away and now people expected it on top of current expectations. 
Tom Smith: Yeah, I think again with everything that we've gone through in 2005 really shows that, bread and butter, the smaller agencies out there came back in 2006. They put their programs back in place. And then another conversation we are having with Dan earlier is, during the year of 2006, we only had in the mid 70s number of orders that were over $100,000. So, it's really the bread and butter agencies, the mainstream customers that were out there that we didn't get in 2005, came back in 2006. We didn't have a year reliant upon two or three very large orders that really carried the day there.  And internationally, it's been running and growing for it. It went from 10% to 20% during the quarter for an average of 13% for the year. We've talked international for a long time. It's a long curve for adoption, as you have one decision maker for the entire country. But the good news is it continues to progress.  Obviously I think with France, Rick mentioned this during call; we're going to see a little slowdown there because they are going into a presidential elections that happens in May. And I don't think you are going to see anybody want to really rock the boat there with a huge deployment going into presidential election. So, we'll see some activity there, I think in the latter half of the year.  But those political situations do have an effect on our business. But we do see continued growth internationally. We are going to be hiring a Vice President of International, because it is a key to our future, and we want somebody dedicated at the highest level of the company for that particular market space. 
Eric Wold - Merriman Curhan Ford: Perfect. Thanks guys. 
Tom Smith: Thanks Eric. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mr. Matthew McKay with Jefferies & Company. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Hey, good morning guys. 
Tom Smith: Good morning. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Focusing on the US law enforcement first of all. First of all the X26, do you think that growth rate can accelerate a little bit in '07, or [are already], more at a stable growth rate and then also with the TASER CAM, I am assuming you will probably expect to see a little bit of acceleration in the growth rate there, given that you didn't get that much in '06? 
Tom Smith: I'd say on the X26, you are going to see a stable growth rate and on the TASER CAM, I do think we will expect to see that to continue to accelerate, especially as more videos come out, like that one out of Kansas City, it's on our website, if you haven't had a chance to see it. But that is just the prime case right there for why you want to have that video ability. It's showing what the device saw; how it was used, the guy with a butcher knife, not a whole lot of other options, very confined space. So, I do think you are going continue to see that grow with agencies [trying to come] in your grips, with how the policy implementation is going to be. So, we do expect to see TASER CAM continue for us, and as Rick said, it has been a very good return on investment for us.  I will just add real quick, just on the C2 issue. It's one of reasons that right now we are not real comfortable giving some of these preexisting numbers, pre-launch. As you recall, before the TASER CAM launch, all of our expectations, based on market feedback was a faster ramp than we saw, and at the end of the day, it took a little longer. So again, we are just trying to make sure expectations don't get ahead of reality on the C2. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: On international Law Enforcement. I don't know in how many countries it is right now, but can you give a list of the countries that are at some stage, either piloting or rolling out the TASER program? 
Tom Smith: We have 40 countries out there that are at various stages of it. And I would say that all of them really, other than the UK and France, are at the pilot stage. We've talked about there is thought leaders in each region of the world in the past and I think they are continuing to evaluate and moving forward with those programs. And as you see continued success on adoption in the larger countries, being UK, France, Australia, South Korea, those types of locations, I think you are going to continue see the other countries in those regions follow their leadership. And an example of that is New Zealand. New Zealand is much closer to UK law.  They are down there in Australia; Australia was kind of a year or two ahead of them. And in September of this past year, they finally came onboard, started a program and have had tremendous success in the use of the TASER. They've averted several shootings that could have gone very bad for them and the Police Department has done a very good job of educating. And I think that really came about because of the success that they were having and because of the success in the United Kingdom that you are going to continue to see other countries come onboard and drive the program. But in some place like New Zealand, they are going to be in the trial period with the number of chases they have for at least a year. 
Rick Smith: I would like to chime in as well. This is Rick again. Again, its not that we have great fascination with secrecy, but we have seen in the past when we made public where we have pilot programs ongoing. There are certain political activist groups that have made TASER a fund raising cause that have got in and they have goofed up orders in (inaudible) and we've just found that strategically it's not in our best interest to give them a hunting list to go, try and cause political trouble or disrupt the deployment process. 
Tom Smith: In fact, in New Zealand they have an organization with our name and that was opposed to the use of the product with $1 as a member. So, as Rick said, we are really trying to make sure that we want these countries to advance and go on to the merits of the program and not have an emotional or political response because of something that they may have read that's not true in a newspaper. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay. Fair enough. And turning over to the military, is there anything brewing in the military that could come out over the next year or anything you can talk about? 
Tom Smith: Well, I think just the TRAD we introduced it at the AUSA trade show last fall, there continues to be a lot of interest in that. But again, with the military, there is a lot of red tape. So to really predict anything there, I think would be putting the cart ahead of the horse. 
Rick Smith: Our new advisory board has really being helpful in getting us to understand the processes of getting things approved and our long-term strategic direction. The demand from the user level certainly is great. Everybody we are showing the TASER capability to, in terms of men in the field, Special Forces guys who have gone through training.  In fact the other day, I was just reviewing a bunch of feedback forms from their training, and extraordinarily high interest. It's just we've not been able to necessarily overcome the type classification issues and some of the bureaucracy.  I wish we could give you a better read on it, but at this point, we just don't know when we will be able to get through that, and that's what is going to take to get significant orders, will be to get through the type classification and procurement process. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: And then just on some of the execution of the consumers market. Are you going to announce when you set up new distributors, maybe some big box distributors when you actually sign a contract with them? 
Tom Smith: I don't think we will be doing it exactly when we do a contract with them per se. I think it's going to be more around the event as we get closer to the actual hard launch date in the second quarter.  Obviously, we need to do a very good job of making people aware of where they can go to see this and get this, because it's a very visual product. But I don't think it helps us right now to talk or do press releases on contracts until we really see that revenue start coming in the second quarter and actually we are shipping product and doing promotions with those customers, so that they know where to go from a retailer perspective to purchase the product. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay 
Rick Smith: When Tom says hard launch what we are looking at doing is we have not yet selected a firm date. We are just firming up a couple of issues as far as production and design finalization before we do it.  But once we have got our feet on it, we will announce a hard launch date with the concept being that we would like to build up media interest and awareness and then make those announcements at a time when that publicity can actually translate into consumer action.  So, we are probably closer to launch date, so it's driving people to the stores rather than getting some media attention early on. But at this stage, we can't turn that attention to action. 
Tom Smith: Similarly as they do when announcing a DVD movie coming to a store, available at a date in a future, we will be doing that as we get close to the launch date. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And you say second quarter in the press release, but is it sort of April or are we looking more June at this point? 
Tom Smith: It's somewhere right in between. We are looking at May. But there are some things you can slide it out to June. I wouldn't see it moving forward to April, just because we have got to get the parts and things moving through the system. So, best estimates right now are May. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, in May you would expect to have lot of the distribution channel set up outside of -- for example, the fire arm distributors, but having some big box distributors in there as well? 
Tom Smith: Well, we are working on it. I am not sure that we will get -- most of those folks move their logistics training, which allow them to get in board by May, certainly by summer. I think we are hopeful we'll have partners of note by May. We certainly believe we will have significant distribution in the fire arms industry by May, but not sure that we are going to be able to get the huge big box guys moving that fast. 
Dan Behrendt: And our intent is to have, on that hard launch date, literally products on the shelf. So that's I think, when Rick is talking about getting these guys up to speed to work through the change and logistics, I think some of the smaller tier-2, tier-3 big-box retailers will be a part of that. But to have a tier-1 participate that quickly is going to be a challenge and we still have ways to go with discussions with them. 
Rick Smith: It will be the second half of the year. We've had the chicken and the egg discussions here about that we hold the launch until we get a major retail partner or not. And we have come to a conclusion. We don't think that's the right strategy. We think the excitement of the launch will help drive the decision making process of getting some of the bigger retailers online. Frankly, in the firearms industry alone, we think we've got a pretty good [visibility], sufficient distribution to get the launch rolling, and then hopefully build steam and see the big-box retail in the second half of the year. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then just on the marketing; is it going to be TV, print, radio? What's the strategy on the marketing side? 
Rick Smith: Primarily print at this point. Although, we are also looking at doing some direct response television, that's by no mean has been decided yet. We did do a 30-minute infomercial back in the 90s. At that point, it was not a commercial success. We would proceed to on some limited basis from our tradeshows and a couple of consumer tradeshows, and events we've done, we've seen a positive return basically for the dollar spend for the event versus orders written, which tells us, we think there might be a direct response channel. And obviously that gives us a little more channel control.  We also feel that given the nature of TASER and the complexity of our devices, the educational elements have been able to do like a 30-minute direct response paid advertising program to make some sense. But we are really just starting to research that now. Our real focus has been on retail and most of the retail will then drive through print, at least in the early days. Only once we had significant retail presence, we think it would support the economics of going to TV, 30 or 60 second in TV promotions. 
Tom Smith: And as we're evaluating those obviously I think in 60 days during our first quarter conference call we'll be able to address a lot more of those issues without waffling on which direction we're going to go. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Fair enough. Turning over to actually the manufacturing. I think you talked about some automation that you are looking to put into the manufacturing. If you could just press that out a little bit? Are you actually building and designing new machines to help with the manufacturing capability or what exactly are you doing on that side? 
Kathleen Hanrahan: The VP that we hired, one of the major reasons that we hired him is his experience with helping to design and implement automation equipment. So, what we're working on now is the specifications we met with five key automation builders across the country. And they are working on the design specks now that include both quality and the quantity of cartridges we want to see coming off the machine itself. So, we're hoping to round that into final stages and kick somebody off to get that equipment started in Q2. But again, we don't expect to see the impact of that until the middle of 2008. 
Rick Smith: We are going to look at several options. We're evaluating full scale automation or fully automated production line, also versus the sell automation where it would be sort of a high grade between our current processes which are largely human operators versus full automation. In the next probably 60 days we should get the quotes back and then we can run the ROI analysis and see how much automation really makes sense. 
Tom Smith: And be clear, that's being done by experts. That's what they do for a living. That's not what our R&D teams are doing. 
Kathleen Hanrahan: Correct. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Fair enough. And what kind of capacity would that creates in your current facility? 
Kathleen Hanrahan: What we are looking at right now is the piece of equipment, just if we looked at 2006 level, the fully automated actually produced all of 2006 on one shift of the equipment with higher quality and better yield. That's no overtime. The impact was pretty dramatic and it also takes a lot of the labor out of the process. 
Dan Behrendt: So it's several, probably tripling or quadrupling of our cartridge capacity. And that's where we are going to start, because that's where the majority of our labor content is currently; on the cartridges, that will be our first project. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay. And then lastly, you are going to start to generate a lot of free cash flow here; it looks like. Just wondering, what are you expecting to do with the cash, if you are looking at any acquisitions or stuff of that nature? 
Doug Klint: At this point, obviously we've got some short-term needs with the final payment on the shareholder lawsuit to be made quarter earlier, in the next six to eight weeks. And after that we intend to invest heavily back into the R&D, back into the business, and build out some large cash balances. At this point, we are staying [serenely] focused. We think we have got a lot of opportunities in front of us with our internally developed products and that's really going to be the focus, at least in the short term. 
Rick Smith: It's not just (inaudible) acquisitions, but we have to really make strategic sense, especially with the explosion in private equity over the past few years. There is a lot of folks that are really good at going out and screening the acquisition opportunities. We are frankly not one of them, that's not our business, just going out and doing rollups. So for us to compete in that space, we would have to see an acquisition that really fits with us strategically, that creates new value. And we are certainly open to that, but we are not out, running around just looking to buy companies at this point.  There are such good opportunities for internal growth. If you look at the X26, I just presented this to our Board last week. The X26 cost us roughly $1 million, $1.5 million to develop. And over a five-year life, it has already generated well over $100 million in revenue, which we made in accessories. Those types of returns are hard to find outside. And we think we've got a couple of more opportunities. Again, we don't know which ones are going to hit of the four or five significant R&D projects we've got ongoing.  I am hopeful of one homerun, a couple of triples, and we will have some singles. We may have one or two to strikeout. But, internally we think they are a very good place to deploy our capital. But it's not going to be enough to [chew] into our balances, we expect there to continue to grow. We will maintain them on our maintained cash. We have been very careful with it until we get to a point, where if it becomes excess, then we would certainly return it to shareholders. But, we think again given the unpredictable nature of this potentially dynamic and explosive growing marketplace, there is a real option value to those having that cash should, we need to move on our acquisition opportunities or some other competitive opportunities. But in the meantime we are really focusing on organic internal growth. 
Matthew McKay - Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thanks a lot guys. 
Rick Smith: Thank you 
Dan Behrendt: Thanks Matt. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mr. Rick Ryan with Feltl. Please proceed. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Good morning. Just following on that question, what's the buyback program? What's left under that authorization? 
Dan Behrendt: Yeah we still have $7.8 million open on our buyback program. We bought $2.2 million of stock, 300,000 shares and the Board has approved for us to buy up to $10 million. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Okay. And then, Tom getting back to the camera, even though it has taken a little longer, it has had nice ramps since Q2. But, can you talk about the end users, if my calculations are right, it's around 7,300 have been sold. Is that too a handful of customers or you are seeing that broaden out a little bit? 
Dan Behrendt: No, it's definitely broadened out and we have a lot of them out there where there are 5 or 10 at different departments and they are putting them out on the street for evaluation. So, that's why we are talking about the adoption being slower than expected. It does go through a review phase. They do put these out on the streets. And they want to get a number of videos and they want to see the impact by the users on these and so they are spread out quite a bit over a number of different customers. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Have any customers come forward with complete procedural issues that have been nailed down that other agencies you are looking at? 
Dan Behrendt: Oh, yeah, absolutely. There were a number of things out there where they had to make sure that, from the documentation standpoint, if the fight wasn't caught on film, that they didn't have to fight again prior to the use of the TASER. So they definitely work through a lot of those policy issues. So, they may have done a test and revised the policy. Then we have done a test under the new policy, and the departments are talking among themselves and sharing that information because again they are the experts in use-of-force and in policy, and they are the ones that are putting that information out. 
Tom Smith: Most of the county sheriffs here in Arizona are biggest. Amongst the main, we do have a little over 2,000. So they have been the first people who are moving a big way Sheriff [George Paw] here locally is well known as an innovator and they saw the value of putting these out and being the first in the country to move in a big way. And we certainly applaud that and the rest of it though is mostly on in T&E, which is also encouraging because T&E is where you plant the seeds to grow, and lots of units out in testing and evaluation. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Okay. Kathy, in your presentation, did you say you've adjusted your end user pricing, and if so, which units? 
Kathleen Hanrahan: It's on the cartridges. We effectively had a $1 per cartridge price increase that was implemented January 1 of this year. That was to help offset some of the cost we saw on the materials on those products. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Okay. Any push back on that? 
Kathleen Hanrahan: Did we get any push back? Very little, and the one thing I just want to temper that with is we got some longer contracts with some customers and those prices will remain intact throughout the period of their contract. So, some of the larger agencies won't see that increase fall through for few years out. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Okay. On the camera production side, how is your yield on manufacturing? 
Kathleen Hanrahan: Pretty good, we are actually doing very well. At the end of the year, we had 90% yields across 20 of the 22 production lines. So we are doing quite well. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Good. One last one for Doug, Doug is there any high profile cases on the horizon that we should keep an eye on? 
Doug Klint: Not really, most of the cases we have filed against us are really frivolous cases. They are guys that got hurt during the fall and we have got several where they fell out of a window. These are the things that we have been warning against for years of just common sense. So, we don't really see any high profile cases coming up certainly in the next year that we are very concerned about. 
Rick Ryan - Feltl: Great, thank you, guys. 
Tom Smith: Thank you. 
Kathleen Hanrahan: Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Tom Smith for closing remarks. 
Tom Smith: I would like to thank everybody for taking their time this morning. Obviously, we put a wrap on a very exciting 2006 and we are going to be trudging ahead. We will talk to you in about 60 days to discuss the first quarter 2007. Thanks so much, we will talk to you soon. Bye-bye. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
