===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bunge Global SA First Quarter 2025 Earnings Release and Conference Call. Today, all participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask your questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead, madam.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found at the Investor Center on our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website, as well. I’d like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge’s Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you Ruth Ann and good morning everyone. I want to start by thanking our team for their hard work and adaptability in what has already been a highly dynamic 2025. Their continued focus and great execution delivered a strong start to the year demonstrated once again that we can navigate market environments’ agility and speed, harnessing a truly global platform and strength in our core markets. We continue to believe in the strategic merits of our planned combination with Vitara and expect to close the transaction in the near-term. While the timing of regulatory approvals has not been what we anticipated, we’ve engaged in constructive conversations with the relevant authorities prepared to close in very short order once received. Recently chose to execute our rights to terminate the definitive share purchase agreement with CJ Selecta pursuant to its terms. However, soy protein concentrate for feed remains an attractive market with promising growth prospects nicely complements our soy origination crushing capabilities in Brazil. At the same time, we’ve made great progress in other key areas, further sharpening our portfolio, strengthening our business and positioning Bunge for the future. Recently announced the sale of our European Margarines and Spreads business and our North American corn milling business. Both of these transactions allow us to further align around our global value chains. We also closed our previously announced partnership with Repsol and announced a key milestone with the incorporation of intermediate novel crops in the production of renewable fuels in Europe. This alliance furthers our long-term strategy to create alternative paths towards meeting our customers demand for lower carbon, agricultural and oil supply chains. Shifting to operating results. First quarter exceeded our expectations, driven in part by some pull forward of activity from Q2 into Q1. Later in the quarter, shifts in trade dynamics including tariff and regulatory uncertainty prompted some farmers and consumers to act ahead of potential changes. Looking ahead, we’re reaffirming our full year 2025 adjusted EPS guidance approximately $7.75 and remain confident in our ability to continue to execute despite the current market environment. As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to provide an outlook for the combined company once we’ve closed the Vitara transaction. With that, I’ll turn it over to John for a deeper look at our financials and outlook. John?
John Neppl: Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. We’ll turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. As Greg mentioned, the first quarter exceeded our expectations. As tariff and regulatory uncertainty increased later in the quarter, some farmers and customers moved ahead of potential changes, hold earnings from Q2 into Q1. Our reported first quarter earnings per share was $1.48 compared to $1.68 in the first quarter 2024. Reported results included an unfavorable mark to market timing difference of $0.08 per share to a negative impact of $0.25 per share. Notable items related to the transaction and integration costs associated with Viterra. Adjusted EPS was $1.81 in the first quarter versus $3.04 in the prior year. Adjusted segment earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT was $406 million in the quarter versus $719 million last year. Processing, higher results in the Brazil, Europe and Asia soy crush value chains more than offset by lower results in North America, Argentina and European soft seeds. Merchandising improved performance in global grains financial services business more than offset by lower results in ocean freight. With the exception of Asia Refined and Specialty Oils results were down in all regions reflecting a more balanced global supply and demand environment driven in part by the uncertainty in U.S. biofuel policies. In milling, slightly higher results in North America were more than offset by lower results in South America, milling margins were pressured by a more competitive pricing environment. Corporate and Other, decrease in corporate expenses was primarily driven by lower performance-based compensation. [Indiscernible] Other results include $24 million from the sugar and bioenergy joint venture that we divested in the fourth quarter of last year. Net interest expense of $45 million was down in the quarter compared to last year due to increased capitalized interest, higher interest income on investments and interest bearing instruments and interest received on Brazilian tax refunds. Decrease in income tax expense for the quarter was primarily due to lower pre-tax income in 2025 and prior year unfavorable adjustments related to foreign currency fluctuations in South America. Let’s turn to Slide 6 where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT trends over the past four years along with the trailing 12 months. Throughout this period our team has excelled in navigating the complexities dynamic markets while simultaneously executing various internal initiatives. Recent trend indicates a more balanced supply and demand environment and the impact of trade and biofuel uncertainty translating into less volatility and lower earnings. Slide 7 details our capital allocation. For the first quarter we generated $392 million of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $54 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety, we had $338 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount we paid $91 million in dividends, $256 million in growth and productivity related CapEx. We also received $306 million of cash proceeds related to the sale of an interest in our soy crush footprint in Spain to Repsol as part of our newly formed joint venture and a final payment for the sale of our interest in the Sugar and Bioenergy joint venture. This resulted in approximately $300 million of retained cash flow. Moving to Slide 8, at quarter end readily marketable inventories or RMI exceeded our net debt by approximately $3 billion. Adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA is 0.6 times at the end of the quarter. Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter end we had committed credit facilities of approximately $8.7 billion, all of which were unused, providing ample liquidity to maintain ongoing capital needs. In addition, we had a cash balance of approximately $3.2 billion accumulated in large part from the U.S. public debt offering that we closed last September in support of the Viterra transaction. There were no amounts outstanding on our $2 billion commercial paper. Please turn to Slide 10. The trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC was 9.4% and ROIC was 8.2%. Adjusting for construction in progress on our large, multi-year projects not yet operating and the excess cash on our balance sheet from the Viterra closing adjusted ROIC would increase by 1.5 percentage points and ROIC by approximately 1 percentage point. Returns have declined from recent highs they remain above our adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. Moving to Slide 11, in the trailing 12 months we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion and a cash flow yield of 10.2% compared to our cost of equity of 8.2%. Please turn to Slide 12 and our 2025 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account Q1 results, current margin and macro environment and forward curves, we continue to expect full year 2025 adjusted EPS of approximately $7.75. This forecast excludes the impact of announced acquisitions and divestitures that are expected to close during the year. Agribusiness full year results are forecasted to be slightly lower than our previous outlook and down from last year, primarily due to lower results in processing. Refined & Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook and down from the prior year, primarily driven by a more balanced supply and demand environment in North America. Milling full year [Audio Dip] previous outlook and up from last year. In Corporate and Other, full year results are expected to be more favorable than our previous outlook and the prior year. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2025: adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 25% net interest expense in the range of $220 million to $250 million is down from our previous expected range of $250 million to $280 million. Capital expenditures in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion and depreciation and amortization approximately $490 million. With that, I’ll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. In today’s uncertain global environment, we can be certain of the strength of our team, global footprint and our operating model. Our purpose of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed and fuel is something the world depends on regardless of external circumstances. For the last few years, our team has consistently risen to the challenge, navigating an ever changing world, exceeding expectations in the face of a global pandemic, trade wars, geopolitical uncertainty. Confident that the same focus, discipline and ability to execute continue to drive our success. Our business is built on a resilient global infrastructure that ensures an efficient supply, staple crops and food and feed products that has proven its ability to withstand volatility. We have the right systems and strategies in place to manage risk, adapt to external challenges and remain focused on what truly matters. Planned combination with Viterra will only enhance our diversification across assets, geographies and crops, providing us with more optionality to help address the world’s food security needs. Its core business is resilient. Track record proves this. I have no doubt that we’ll continue to deliver value for customers at both ends of the value chain. With that, let’s turn to Q&A.
Operator: The first question from the phone comes from Salvatore Tiano with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Salvatore Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. Firstly, I want to ask to follow-up a little bit on acquisitions. So with Viterra, you make it very clear that it seems it’s – the approval is very, very imminent. But obviously, China seems to be the holdup here and there’s always limited visibility in what they do. So how confident are you that actually they will approve the transaction soon? And if actually there is a chance that this may not happen, what is your backup plan there? And also on CJ Selecta, can you provide a little bit more commentary on why the transaction didn’t go through? And it seems to indicate that you chose to terminate it, but at least by our mouth, it was a pretty nice, very accretive transaction. So why would you make this – why did you make this decision?
Greg Heckman: Let me start with Viterra, of course, number one, look, the strategic merits of this transaction remain in place, and it accelerates everything that we’re doing strategically. We’ve had very constructive interaction with the authorities as we’ve submitted additional information as needed. They’ve done a really excellent job engaging with all the parties and advancing the process. So we’re confident that traction is going to be improved. When you look at the merits, it’s very, very clear. We are purpose built to create a resilient supply chain, and that’s to serve China and the rest of the key demand markets globally. So in times of some of the extreme market disruptions that we’ve seen and one like we’re experiencing now, the reliability that comes from a company like ourselves that’s operating every major origin is even more important. So timing, we don’t know, but the process moves and we feel very good about the ultimate destination. And then as far as CJ, look, we went through the long stop date. We passed that and we just kind of looked at the circumstances of currently where things were at, where the business and it just made sense at this point to terminate the transaction. So now as you know, as I said in the comments, look the market for CSPC [ph] on the feed market that continues to be attractive and it really fits well with our Brazilian business. So we’ll continue to look for the right opportunity to expand in that market.
John Neppl: Maybe just to clarify, Salvatore, on CJ going through the end date was a result of not having all the regulatory approvals and at that point could have chose to extend and had we felt it was appropriate. But as Greg mentioned, we just felt at that time the right thing to do is terminate the agreement.
Salvatore Tiano: Great. Thank you. And I also want to ask about your processing business and specifically can you breakdown your margins for U.S. soy and Canadian canola versus the margins you had in the rest of the world? How were they – how did they trend Q1 versus Q4 and also how are they on an absolute basis? Because I guess U.S. soybean historically has been much stronger performer but may not necessarily be the case in Q1.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, I guess hit the high spots here quickly. We definitely saw if you look, the fact on soy that we’re holding the year, you’ve kind of got to look down into the quarter. So Q1 was better. That caused the over performance but unfortunately things have gotten softer here on the curves as we’ve gone into Q2 and some of that definitely is on open capacity. So crush will be – in soy will be lower in Q2 and then with the crop coming off the curves are telling us should be better again in Q4. The net of that is the year will be flat. But as often happens in this business, when you’ve got two crops a year coming off and you look at the 12-month cycle, the timing can move around a little bit. And really in soy, the spot crush margins are pretty good, are better everywhere. And then the outlook is definitely tougher in the curves except for North America where we see it getting better with crop. Now in the soft seeds, North America, canola in Canada much the same, we had a tighter crop there and the curves get better as we look out to [indiscernible] for new crop. And then in soft seeds in Europe and the Black Sea, both sunseed and rapeseed production was tighter last year. So we got slow farmer selling. And then of course with soybean oil being very competitive globally, that has been tough on soft seed crush margins. So again we look to new crop in the [indiscernible] period for that to improved.
John Neppl: And maybe to put a finer point on that, looking at Q1 versus a year ago, U.S. the soy crush margins weren’t dramatically different than they were a year ago for Q1 a little bit lower. The big impact in North America was the soft seed margins were much lower Q1 versus last year. And then in terms of soy kind of globally, as Greg mentioned, stronger, probably strongest in Europe in Q1. And then U.S. is number two. And then we had really weak margins in Argentina in Q1 and of course, that seeing the improvement there in the spot in Q2 given farmer activity in Argentina. So we’re running harder down there now.
Salvatore Tiano: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Hi, and thanks for the question. Maybe just to follow-up on the last question on cadence of earnings, you did indicate the pull forward and kind of the 1Q, 2Q dynamics and then how maybe it especially in North America ramps up a bit to close out the year. But you provided some specificity last quarter talking about 40% of annual earnings coming in the first half of the year. I guess, just any updated thoughts on thinking about the cadence of earnings as we move through this year just given the 1Q dynamics.
John Neppl: Tom, I think – this is John, the look at the year 40-60 really hasn’t changed first half, second half, what we saw was really a flip between Q1 and Q2 instead of 40-60, it came out more 60 – it looks to be more 60-40. So we pulled earnings forward from Q2 and expect a little bit of softness in Q2 from our prior forecast. So about half that over performance in Q1 was pulled forward Q2, the other half we’re seeing. We had some other things go well in Q1, but we’re seeing a little bit of softness in Q2. So we’re looking at 60, maybe 62-38, if I wanted to put a really fine point on it from Q1 to Q2, but the broader first half, second half is the same outlook as we had last year – last quarter.
Tom Palmer: All right, thank you. And then just on the assumptions embedded in guidance, you did note kind of new crop, better crush margins late in the year as is normal. I wondered about kind of what you’re embedding for other items such as U.S. biofuels policy and potential clarity on the RVO for next year. And then just any – what you’re embedding for U.S. kind of China trade relations and how that might impact you as the year progresses. Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Yes. So just as a reminder, we don’t have any M&A or share repurchases factored in. And we only assume, what’s kind of we can see in the current tariff situation and the forward curves. So to the point, what the market believes about RVO in kind of the current trade tensions is reflected in the curves. It’s in our forecast and outlook. We’re not making any calls that are different from what the market is telling us.
Tom Palmer: Thank you for that.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. I just wanted to focus a little bit on this development with Repsol, looks like you’re moving forward with it. Help us understand the benefits and why does it make strategic sense to move ahead with Repsol o n this kind of a JV.
Greg Heckman: We’re really excited. Repsol is a great partner. They’re making investments in their infrastructure as they’re moving to lower carbon fuels. And we’re excited to form the joint venture to be able to help that not only with the soy processing assets that went into the JV, but in the origination of the lower carbon intensity feedstocks. And of course, some of that is the announcement we made at the same time to bring novel crops to be part of that solution of lower carbon intensity oils to then go into their global diesel and SAF process. So we’re at the front end of that, but we’re excited. We really want to be the partner of choice in every space that we operate and that includes working with the fuel industries as they look to put lower carbon fuels into their portfolios.
John Neppl: And Manav, if I just add that while there’s a lot of discussion around uncertainty in U.S. biofuel policy, there’s a lot more certainty than that in Europe and other places. So it’s –Europe seems very committed to it and Repsol is part of that commitment. And we wanted to be, as Greg pointed out, partnered with someone that we think is great position to take advantage of the growing biofuels opportunity in Europe.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up is I understand it’s not in your guidance, but there’s a lot of chatter that in the next two or three weeks you could get a much higher revised RVO with a stronger biomass diesel volume. So in the event, you do get a higher RVO, which is significantly better, how is Bunge going to benefit from it probably in the second half or in 2026, if you could provide some thoughts on it?
Greg Heckman: Yes. That would definitely strengthen the oil leg of the crush here in North America. And North America as an exporter of oil, of course, that would help the oil leg globally. So that would be good for crush margins.
John Neppl: And I would – we’re not very covered – we’re not very locked for Q3 and Q4. So to the extent the second half, margin environment improves, we should be well positioned to take advantage of that. And right now, energy customers are relatively low percentage of our refined oil volume. So any demand there will be certainly good for our outlook.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Thanks for the question.
Greg Heckman: Good morning.
Heather Jones: I wanted to stick with the RVO. So I recently – and this was from a conference as well as other things. Recently I’ve heard from some industry watchers that the 5.25 billion gallon D4 headline number that’s been in media reports, et cetera, that it may not be that high, that it may be more in the mid-4s with the backfill opportunity taking you into the 5s. So just wanted to get your thoughts on that. And a follow-up to that is, do you think that would be enough to make the domestic market much tighter given the limitations that we have on feedstock imports and biofuel imports this year that we didn’t have previously?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Demand is good, but what I’d like to start with is we are really proud to be part of that first of a kind coalition where we’ve got farmers, large segment, the petroleum refiners and the crushing industry driving to consensus and then advocating for an RVO that’s aligned with what the U.S. can produce. And when I say the U.S., I mean think about the investments that have been made, right, that are already in place to help the U.S. achieve energy security and dominance and provide a lot of support for rural communities. The farmers have invested, right? They’ve invested in the land and the machinery, know-how around the inputs and the crop production. The oil companies invested in converting their plants to biofuels, the crush industry, we’ve added production capacity to provide the inputs. So the infrastructure is in place in every part of supply chain. We can serve the demand right now. This is unused capacity. So this is not aspirational and that’s been the message. So we remain I think encouraged and optimistic that we’ll get to the right number. And if it doesn’t right off the bat, the coalition is going to continue to advocate, continue to explain the facts, the impact that the RVO has on rural America and what it really does to drive value at the farm gate and all the way through the local economies by adding that domestic demand.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I wanted to move on to the tariff situation and clearly it’s a very dynamic environment and who knows, it might be very different by next week. But as it sits right now with the tariffs in place with China and the impacts on U.S. beans, et cetera, how are you thinking about how that impacts Brazilian crush – Brazilian crush margins and could that potentially – if those dynamics don’t shift quickly, could that potentially affect – slow down the build out of crush down there?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, to start with, the policy is going to work itself out. We like policies that are good for farmers because that’s good for the entire ag value chain. And the markets do work and they send the right signal to farmers and they send the right signal to industry. One of the things we like about our footprint is that whether we’re going to crush more in the U.S. domestically, if exports are lower, the same would be offset in Brazil if exports are higher, then we’ll crush less. So we’re going to flex our system not only by regions globally, but within those regions between crush and export and other domestic demand. So I think that’s what we love about our balanced footprint.
John Neppl: Heather, when you think about it, there are three things we do in any origin, storage, export and processing. And so depending on what the global markets are telling us from any of those origins, we can either choose to store it and ultimately process it or export it, whatever the market’s telling us to do. So to Greg’s point, we have ultimately good flexibility around whatever the tariff situation ends up being.
Heather Jones: Awesome. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Pooran Sharma with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Thanks for the question. Just wanted to ask about South America. Do you expect accelerated farmer selling out of South America in the coming months, out of Argentina in the coming months? What would this mean for kind of global crush margins and your footprint?
Greg Heckman: Yes, in Argentina, I think we talked about pretty slow farmer selling there in Q1. Now, we’ve seen a recent pickup in the farmer selling and that’s been better for margins there in Argentina. And then we’ve adjusted the global footprint a little bit. You’ve got a temporary lower export tax window that closes late June. You got better weather which is, telling the farmers what their beliefs are and they’ve lifted, some of the, some of the capital controls. So, that’s driving the farmer selling today we’ll see how long the duration of that that goes and how that’ll affect. And then in Brazil, the driver, another record soybean crop, there’s no take or pay this year, which should help improve the value chain performance versus 2024. And then if you think about, we’ve got a big total corn crop coming behind that. So from the farmer selling of beans, historically the farmer has been marketed more regularly to get ready for the Soberana [ph] harvest, to free up the bin space and to deal with some of any of the logistical timing and coordination that needs to happen.
Pooran Sharma: Appreciate that detail. My follow-up was actually going to be on the take-or-pay. So I appreciate you getting ahead of that. I guess, wanted to maybe hone in on some of the divestitures you’ve announced with the divestiture of corn milling. Just wanted to a, ask, does this just leave you with wheat milling in your milling business, is it just wheat milling now? And then how should we think about that business when it comes to kind of your core operations as you look ahead?
Greg Heckman: Yes, correct. We’ve got a real nice South American wheat milling business there in Brazil. Viterra also has some south – some Brazilian wheat milling. Those footprints fit together very nicely to serve our customers there. We like our position there in Brazil in the wheat milling business, because not only the local crop, but we feed that from our Argentine wheat value chain as well as other global wheat markets as they make sense to import into Brazil, which happens quite often. So that business is a good fit. We think we’re in a very competitive position for the long-term to serve our customers.
John Neppl: Yes. And just to clarify the first part of your question, our South American wheat milling will be the only thing left from a milling perspective once we close a transaction.
Pooran Sharma: Great. Appreciate the details.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Derrick Whitfield with Texas Capital. Please go ahead.
Derrick Whitfield: Good morning all and thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask a follow-up on Repsol with my first. Could you speak to the amount of camelina and safflower that could be processed as feedstock for their biorefinery or the mix that they’re solving for through this partnership?
Greg Heckman: Probably too early to give the exact numbers on that, but basically what we want to do with our energy companies are give them different choices of the lower CI feed stocks and having multiple novel crops, and even use the cooking oil and the other things that we’re sourcing in our portfolio. We can then give them the choice on what works in their machinery for cost, the quality, and the carbon intensity that works for them. So what we want to be able to provide is that optionality of feedstocks and even in these novel crops then it becomes building the programs and continuing to build the volumes. And that’s like winter canola in the U.S. We got started last year and then we’ve seen great uptake by the farmers. We’ve got a lot more acres out there. And so we’ll build these programs in partnership with the demand and with the growers.
John Neppl: Yes. Maybe just one thing, Derrick, look, we’re not targeting a specific mix of inputs. It’s going to be whatever the market tells us is the most economic that could be. As Greg mentioned, mix of novel seeds, soy oil – soybean oil, UCO, all those things are, as Greg mentioned are part of the portfolio. And ultimately the economics are going to drive what the most logical combination of inputs is.
Derrick Whitfield: Great. That makes sense. And for my follow-up, I wanted to stay on biofuels. Do you expect a more favorable assessment for SBO and winter canola based on industry feedback and your interaction with the administration on 45Z? There seems to be quite a bit of energy around the inclusion of CSA practices for seed oils.
Greg Heckman: We’re optimistic and we’re engaged in that and trying to bring the facts forward and bring in the economics forward and to do what’s good for farmers as well as the entire value chain there.
Derrick Whitfield: That’s great. Thanks for your time.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hey, good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Just on U.S. industry crush [ph] capacity. I think one of your peers has announced that shutdown of the plant. And so really maybe just kind of two questions. It doesn’t sound like it, but is there anything in your portfolio that you’d be looking to rationalize in the U.S. or North America more broadly? And then, how do you expect the rest of the industry to respond some of the new capacity that’s kind of come online over the last 12, 18 months? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, we’ve been very thoughtful about our portfolio. Really, everything we’ve been doing over the last six years, right? It’s always continuous improvement. So where we made our investments, whether it’s been bottlenecking or brownfields or greenfields, it’s to get our footprint to be the most competitive. So we’re running the assets that we’re running now because we plan to. We’ll constantly evaluate that globally, and that’s part of having that global system. Our goal, of course, is to have a cost structure and capabilities that are built for any point in the cycle. And, yes, during the cycle, at the tougher parts of the cycle, it sends signals and certain people with cost structures may be shutting down some of these standalone plants and that they could be different economics than us running it as part of a network here in the U.S. and also as part of our global network. So we’re just focused on having the most competitive footprint and system for really any point in the cycle. That’s kind of our responsibility.
Steven Haynes: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question from the phone comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. My first one, you mentioned being open on the majority of your capacity for the back half of the year. And I guess I’m just curious if you’re managing or how you’re managing your forward book right now in an environment that’s relatively soft and could look a lot different later in the year, so have you changed that approach at all? I’m just curious how that compares maybe to normal. Any color on that would be great?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Our team is constantly focusing on our customers on both ends of the value chain and what they’re doing to manage their risk. I will tell you, in this environment we have seen everybody go to more spot, right? So there is less done on the forward curve as people don’t know what to do with some of this uncertainty, and so they pulled in. The farmers have been more spot sellers. The end consumers, whether it’s feed, food or fuel, unless they’ve got margins, they’ve been more spot buyers. So that’s led to less of a forward book. Now we’ve got different ways to manage our risk and we’re always evaluating what the supply and demand tells us, what the outlook looks like and where globally we want to be placing our hedges and locking in margins as they occur versus how we believe they will and as they have versus history based on what the supply and demand numbers are telling us. But there’s less on right now, one, because we’re looking at what the curves are telling us and what we believe. And then part of it is driven from customers on both sides. When you get in that close in 30 to 90 days, that’s when the logistics really start driving the activity really for all the participants in the market. And of course, that’s why you’ve got more visibility on the front end, things on the books and maximize those logistics to serve everyone.
Andrew Strelzik: Right. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. And my second question, and I don’t know if you’ll be able to answer this with any specificity, but I’m just trying to think about the right earnings base for the core business. And obviously, this year has a ton of disruption that maybe is abnormal, right, and depressing numbers this year. Is there any way to frame kind of how much you think that, that is impacted relative to your $7.75 kind of outlook? Yes, is there any way to think about how much that’s impacting the year and what maybe a more normal earnings base would look like? Thanks.
John Neppl: Yes, look, I think this is John. Certainly, we’re in a little bit more challenging environment this year, just given all the uncertainty versus where we would expect to be kind of in a mid-cycle. And when we look at that, it’s really driven by more challenging merchandising environment. This year is one of the big drivers. And as we look at just take us back to our original mid-cycle modeling. At this point in time, a couple of years later, a lot of the projects that we had slated are still under construction. And so those haven’t contributed yet. And we didn’t expect those two yet at this point in time. But we’ve made some divestments along the way in Russia, Ukraine impact. Those things have kind of pulled our results down from the mid-cycle. And then certainly on margins have largely held in versus kind of how we’d see mid-cycle. Other than the refining side, those have actually been better, more longer. But merchandising has been more challenging for us. And on the cost side, we experienced a couple of years of high inflation. So overall, offset to some degree a little bit by some of the actions we’ve taken around share buybacks and things. But ultimately, it’s hard to gauge what the $7.75 would be without the current environment we’re in. Certainly, things improve here in the back half of the year, we’ll have a better sense next year of kind of earnings power going forward excluding Viterra, of course, that will have a big impact on our outlook as we integrate that business. And then we’ve got capital projects are going to be coming online late 2025 and during 2026 and 2026 it will have a further impact ongoing. But, it’s as you can imagine, pretty hard to put a fine point on what the $7.75 would have been had we not had all this volatility this year and we’re going to get every dollar we can.
Andrew Strelzik: Sure. I absolutely appreciate that and appreciate the perspective. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer [ph] with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Rahi Parikh: Hi, this is Rahi going on for Ben. I’ve got some questions for timeline questions. So first for the milling business, what do you see as a timeline to close? What regulatory processes are we still waiting on and do you foresee any risk? And also for biofuel, thank you so much for the color on the call. When do you expect an update on that? Thanks so much.
John Neppl: In terms of corn milling, we’re hoping it’s purely U.S. Business, so it’ll just need to go through the domestic regulatory process. But we feel like we’ve got a chance to get that closed by the end of Q2. Latest early Q3 is kind of our view right now. Can you maybe clarify your second question on biofuels?
Rahi Parikh: To kind of predict when you’re going to get an update from the EPA or any other body? But do you have, I mean we were talking about the volume that were estimated. Do you would kind of expect something from the EPA on volumes…
John Neppl: On the RVO update?
Rahi Parikh: Yes, RVO update.
John Neppl: Yes. I mean it could be any day. We’re thinking by end of May there’s a good chance that we’ll hear something. Of course, they’re not obligated to come out with anything until later in the year, but they’ve indicated, as near as we can tell, they could do something as early as sometime in this month. And we’ll see. We’re anxiously watching just like everybody else. And ultimately, I think they’re being very thoughtful. They’re listening. As Greg talked about the coalition that was put together with farmers and the energy companies and ag companies. They’re listening. And so we’re hopeful that they’re formulating the right approach and will come out soon.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: I’d like to thank everyone for joining us today. Thank you for your interest in Bunge. We continue to have great confidence in our team to be able to deliver for our customers, both farmers and consumers, whatever challenging environment that we’re in. We look forward to speaking with you again soon, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-05 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bunge Global S.A. Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that today's event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found at the Investor Center on our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann Wisener, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by thanking the team for their continued hard work and commitment in 2024. We made good progress on a number of significant growth projects while also advancing our work to build an even stronger Bunge Limited. Our team is prepared for the close of our business combination with Viterra. Teams at both companies have put in countless hours of planning to ensure a smooth integration so that our customers at both ends of the value chain, farmers and consumers, see good continuity of service. And we expect to close the transaction soon. You likely heard we received regulatory approval from the Canadian government last month. We continue to engage in constructive conversations with regulatory authorities in China while we work through the final stages of the asset divestment process in Europe. Also in the late stage of the regulatory process for our acquisition of CJ Selecta, a leading manufacturer and exporter of soy protein concentrate in Brazil. We expect that transaction to close in the near future. In the coming weeks, we expect to close our announced partnership to develop new opportunities to help meet the growing demand for lower carbon intensity feedstocks for the production of renewable fuels. This alliance is the first of its kind in Europe and furthers our long-term strategy to create alternative paths towards the decarbonization of agriculture and the role we can play in the liquid fuel supply chain. In October, we announced the completion of the sale of our sugar and bioenergy joint venture in Brazil to BP. As we've discussed, this streamlines our business and allowed us to expand our stock repurchases authorization. Getting ready for these large initiatives takes teamwork and cross-functional collaboration. The team has done a great job of running our day-to-day business while also working on these strategic growth initiatives. In addition, we continue to return capital to shareholders through our share repurchases and our regular dividend. We repurchased a total of $1.1 billion of shares in 2024, and share buybacks will continue to be an important part of our capital allocation strategy. Shifting to our operating results, we didn't close the year as expected. Particular operating conditions have been challenging in South America, and they continue to be in the fourth quarter. Fortunately, we're seeing things stabilize and expect to see improvement. After the Viterra transaction closes, we expect to provide an outlook for the combined company. In the meantime, we are providing an outlook for the current Bunge Limited business. Forward visibility is limited, particularly at this point given the increased geopolitical uncertainty. Based on what we see in the markets and the forward curves today, we currently expect full-year adjusted EPS to be approximately $7.75. With that, I'll turn it over to John Neppl for a deeper look at our financials and outlook.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. As Greg mentioned, the fourth quarter came in below our expectations. This was particularly true in South America, where the market environment has been challenging all year, impacting industry margins throughout the oilseed and grain value chains, including those of our joint ventures. We also felt the impact of a declining margin environment in North America from biofuel rate uncertainty. Now let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide five. Reported fourth-quarter earnings per share was $4.36 compared to $4.18 in the fourth quarter of 2023. Reported results included a favorable mark-to-market timing difference of $1.25 per share and a net positive impact of $0.98 per share. Notable items were primarily related to the gain on the sale of our Sugar and Bioenergy joint venture, partially offset by transaction and integration costs associated with Viterra. Adjusted EPS was $2.13 in the fourth quarter, compared to $3.70 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $548 million in the quarter, inclusive of the Ukraine business interruption insurance recovery of $52 million, versus EBIT of $881 million last year. In processing, strong results in Europe and Asia were offset by lower results in North America and South America, as well as in European softseeds. Higher merchandising results were driven by improved performance in Finance Services, Freight, and Global Grains, offsetting lower results in Global Refined and Specialty Oils. Lower results in North America were primarily due to the combination of a more balanced supply and demand environment and uncertainty related to U.S. biofuel policy. Results in Europe, South America, and Asia were also down due to lower margins, though the variances were much narrower. In milling, higher results in North America were more than offset by lower results in South America. The corporate and other increase in corporate expenses was primarily driven by lower performance-based compensation and various project-related expenses in the prior year. Other results related to our captive insurance and securitization programs and Bunge Ventures. Core results and non-core reflect only one month of income from the Sugar joint venture due to the recent close on the sale. Net interest expense of $62 million was down in the quarter compared to last year, reflecting lower net debt levels and interest rates. The increase in income tax expense for both the quarter and full year was primarily due to lower pretax income and earnings. Adjusting for notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, the full-year adjusted effective income tax rate was approximately 23% for the current and prior year. Let's turn to Slide six, where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT over the past five years. Strong performance during this period reflects a combination of a favorable market environment and excellent execution by our team. The recent trend indicates a more balanced supply and demand, translating into less volatility and lower margins. Slide seven details our capital allocation. For the full year, we generated approximately $1.7 billion of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $451 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health, and safety, we had approximately $1.2 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $378 million in dividends, approximately $925 million in growth and productivity-related CapEx, two-thirds of which related to our growth pipeline of large multiyear investments, and repurchased $1.1 billion of Bunge Limited shares. $500 million of those repurchases were from the $728 million of cash proceeds received to date for the sale of our Sugar JV. This resulted in the use of $444 million of previously retained cash flow. Moving to Slide eight, we finished 2024 with a total CapEx spend of approximately $1.4 billion, which was in line with our last forecast. As we head into 2025, we expect CapEx to be in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, reflecting the continued investment in our ongoing multiyear greenfield projects. This range is down from the preliminary estimate of $1.9 billion to $2 billion we provided you previously, reflecting our decision to not pursue some projects as well as timing changes related to existing projects. We continue to expect to return to a baseline run rate on CapEx levels during the second half of 2026. Moving to Slide nine, at year-end, readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $2.3 billion. The adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA, was 0.6 times at the end of the year. Slide ten highlights our liquidity position. At year-end, we had committed credit facilities of $8.7 billion, all of which were unused at the end of the year, providing ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs. In addition, we had a cash balance of $3.3 billion, accumulated in large part as a result of the $2 billion of cash proceeds from the U.S. debt offering that we closed in September. All proceeds will be used to fund the cash portion of the Viterra transaction. In addition, we have a $6 million term loan commitment secured last year to refinance Viterra's outstanding bank debt upon closing the transaction. Please turn to Slide eleven. Our full-year adjusted ROIC was 11.1%, while our ROIC was 9.7%. Adjusting for construction in progress on large multiyear projects not yet operating and the excess cash on our balance sheet for the Viterra closing, adjusted ROIC would increase by approximately two percentage points and ROIC by approximately one percentage point. Our returns have declined from recent highs but remained well above our adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. Moving to Slide twelve, for the year, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion and a cash flow yield of 11.1%, compared to our cost of equity of 8.2%. Please turn to Slide thirteen for our 2025 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the current macro environment and market conditions, we expect full-year 2025 adjusted EPS to be approximately $7.75. This forecast excludes the impact of announced acquisitions expected to be closed during the year. In agribusiness, full-year results are forecasted to be down from last year, with lower results in processing where current performance in South America is expected to be more than offset by North American and European softseeds. Results in merchandising are forecasted to be down slightly from last year. Finally, in Specialty Oils, full-year results are expected to be down from last year, mainly driven by a more balanced supply and demand environment in North America. In corporate and other, full-year results are expected to be up from last year. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2025: an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 21% to 25%, interest expense in the range of $250 million to $280 million, capital expenditures in the range of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion, and depreciation and amortization of approximately $490 million. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. So before we go to Q&A, I just wanted to offer a few closing thoughts. In today's complicated global environment, we're confident that the work we've done and continue to do to improve our business and operations positions us well to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed, and fuel to the world. We continue to see the benefits of our global operating model, portfolio optimization work, and financial discipline as we navigate the cycles inherent in our industry. With our culture of continuous improvement, our team continues to strengthen the business, both with the M&A work we talked about at the beginning of the call and our ongoing growth initiatives. Construction is going well on our large-scale projects, which will not only bring us new capabilities but also allow us to more efficiently and sustainably serve our customers. Improved productivity is at the heart of investments at dozens of our existing facilities around the world. The strategic use of capital, along with the implementation of the Bunge production system, is enabling our teams to set new performance records each quarter. We're also pleased with our performance on our sustainability priorities. A major step forward in November was when we became the first global commodity exporter capable of 100% traceability and monitoring of both our direct and indirect soy purchases for Brazil's priority regions. We're proud to reach this major milestone in our ten-year journey to achieve traceable and verifiable supply chains. As we think about our business in 2025 and beyond, regardless of how the macro environment evolves, we're confident that our team has the experience, skills, and agility to navigate the changes that drive performance. With the addition of Viterra, we'll be an even stronger Bunge Limited, with further diversification in assets, geographies, and crops, providing us with even more capabilities and optionality to help address the world's food security needs. With that, I'll turn to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys. And today's first question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please proceed.
Manav Gupta: Good morning, Greg. Good morning, John. My first question relates to the 2025 guidance. What are the puts and takes if you could get a little more details? And the reason for the question is that, historically, you start at a number and as the execution is better than expected, the number rises. So I'm trying to understand what kind of conservatism is built into the guidance. And my follow-up, I'll ask it upfront also, is how are you accounting for the fact that there is policy uncertainty of 45Z? So how are you accounting for that in your annual guidance? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Well, let me start, and John can follow up. So as we look at 2025, we definitely heard it is an environment that has less visibility than normal with the trade disruptions and some of the uncertainty around U.S. biofuels. But what we did factor in is that really global oil supply and demand is pretty constructive, right? We've got less palm oil and less softseed competing with soy. So soy is very competitive right now, and it's taking a bigger share of global flows. And we are seeing more global biofuel demand when you look at it in total outside the U.S. Soybean meal demand has been very good, and that's driven, of course, by the profitability in the animal protein. There's also less wheat with a little bit tighter supply and demand, so less wheat competing with soybean meal and less competition from the mid proteins. Then in South America, we really expect improvement in Brazil. The industry in 2024 fought the logistical commitments in take-or-pay, which really created a lot of demand on supply, which kind of hurt margins across the platform for the industry. Those are exited in 2024 and won't be fighting that in 2025. And then, of course, Argentina, we've seen the export tax reductions, and that economy continues to stabilize. So that'll that that should drive a change in farmer behavior and farmer selling. Now we do expect lower margins in North America and Europe. And of course, as I believe John said, Viterra, CJ Selecta, and share repurchases are not factored into 2025.
John Neppl: And, Manav, I might just add there that, you know, relative to 45Z and uncertainty around policy, we've got, you know, we're making the assumption today that U.S. crush margins are lower, as Greg mentioned, but also expect refining premiums to be more challenged in 2025. Obviously, as we get more clarity around policy and get the right demand for soybean oil relative to renewable fuels, that should be helpful for refining premiums. But now we're making assumptions they'll be down, certainly.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for a detailed response. I'll turn it over.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please proceed.
Heather Jones: Thanks for the question. I just don't want to start with, so given the fact that you expect South America to be better this year as far as on take-or-pay and Argentina, just wondering what is the offset that y'all are expecting to be softer in 2025.
Greg Heckman: You said you're breaking up a little bit during the beginning, Heather. If I got the question right, it was as we see South America better, what are the offsets globally?
Heather Jones: Yes. In merchandising specifically.
Greg Heckman: Oh, in merchandising specifically. Yeah. I think, you know, and if you look, John can restate even versus the model, merchandising is pretty conservative, and I think it reflects what we're seeing as a more balanced supply and demand situation globally, really across grains and oilseeds. And as we've talked about, that is always the toughest to, you know, to be able to predict from a timing and size of the magnitude of the opportunities. It would be hard to imagine that the situation will be more complex than we're dealing with right now. And we expect things to kind of get more clear in the second half. The watch out on merchandising, you know, versus the opportunity really is it does make it tougher for our suppliers, the farmers, as well as the consumers, to plan in these uncertain times. So they may draw back and be a little bit more spot here in the first quarter, first couple of quarters.
John Neppl: I'd maybe just add, Heather, that, you know, it's also year over year right now is in ocean freight. And really driven primarily by, you know, lower flat price now versus a year ago, but those markets can get very dynamic, you know, depending on trade flows. As government policy gets more clear and trade flows could be impacted, that certainly may provide a small opportunity on the ocean freight side.
Greg Heckman: The supply and demand probably is this most to be watched probably is corn. That one's probably the tightest. And so if we did have some weather problems in corn production, that's one of the ones that could contribute to merchandising as we need to work to solve some problems globally.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then I don't know how much y'all can speak to this, but I just wanted to ask broadly. Your thinking on the Viterra acquisition and all, given the 45-degree model makes basically uncompetitive coming into the U.S., or at least not eligible at this time for a credit. And just the potential for export tax for tariffs on Canada. Just like, broadly, how are you thinking about that acquisition now versus, you know, maybe a year ago? And are you maybe able to offset some of those new negatives with greater synergies or greater share repo or just how are y'all thinking about those flips and takes?
Greg Heckman: I'd say that one, it hasn't all played out exactly what, you know, how the biofuels policy is gonna work out. But remember, canola is very favored by the food industry, as well as the canola meal has been very favored by the dairy industry. So that market will continue to go to a lot of the traditional demand. As you can imagine, obviously, we're watching what happens between the U.S. and Canada, except, well, that pitted back to the oil flows in the near term. But that would last forever. You know? And this is a long-term thing. So clearly, we'll be poised to deal with whatever we need to deal with in the near term, but I think the long term, you know, policy gets more clear. One thing is the market will adjust to that. And I think, you know, with the combination of Viterra, we should be in a better position globally to deal with whatever disruption might be created from policy or trade flows and changes.
Heather Jones: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. Please proceed.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. I wanted to maybe just start off kind of framing the earnings guidance for 2025 relative to the $8.50 mid-cycle outlook. I know it's a few years. It was laid out in 2022. I appreciate interest expenses higher, but share count's lower. So I guess just looking at, like, the segment profit pieces, could we maybe walk through expectations relative to that mid-cycle outlook?
John Neppl: Sure, Tom. I'll take that, and Greg, you can jump in if you have any other thoughts. But, you know, just a reminder, we put that together. You know, our most recent refresh was in the middle of 2022, which, of course, seems like an eternity now. But, you know, overall, how we're thinking about it on the processing side, margins are pretty steady versus what we had assumed back in the mid-cycle, but volume is down. Based on our original model, really driven by three factors. One is Ukraine has obviously been impacted with the war. And so pretty much lower volume levels there than fully anticipated. We sold our Russia business since that point in time, and then we're doing less tolling in South America. So volume is down in processing, but margins are fairly steady. On the merchandising side, we'll assume lower volatility going forward. We had modeled about $100 million a quarter in our baseline, and now, looking at the next year, we're thinking somewhere in the $50 million to $75 million per quarter range. So, obviously, that can change pretty quickly depending on what happens in the markets, but that's how we have it in the model. Net interest expense is higher, and, you know, really driven by interest rates and more debt. And I'll get to offsets in a second. And then on the sugar side, of course, we sold sugar, and we had that built into the model. But offsetting the higher interest and sugar impact is more share buybacks. And, you know, we originally in the model just assumed that pay down with any excess cash, but, of course, we've allocated a lot of that to share repurchase, which has been principally offset the loss of sugar earnings and the higher interest cost. And then we do have some higher costs, you know, than what we had anticipated at the time, really driven by growth initiatives and adding some capability investment, some money in technology, really to drive efficiency in the future. And frankly, inflation, you know, over the last couple of years is higher than what we expected in our original model. And then finally, on the favorable side, all that is on RSO. Refined Specialty Oil side, margins have been better than what we would have modeled in terms of at the time, assuming more of a baseline. On the specialty side, we performed better, but also refining premiums have stayed better than, you know, what we had anticipated in a mid-cycle. So that kind of wraps up the overall.
Greg Heckman: Probably just worth mentioning, John, is mentioning the calendarization of 2025 right now. So first half, second half at 40% and 60%. And then Q1 versus Q2 on the first half would be 40% and 60%.
Tom Palmer: Thank you. That was actually my next question. Maybe I'll just sneak one in quickly. Just on Viterra, I guess, what's kind of the plan once it closes in terms of communication? Is the idea to update guidance just on the next earnings cycle? Would it be more proactive than that? And just any kind of initial thoughts on how we might maybe think about Viterra's swing in earnings.
John Neppl: Yeah. I think, Tom, our plan right now is to update on the Q1 call. Obviously, it depends on the timing of close because we have a lot of work to do in getting the commercial teams together and looking at the future. We've focused all our time and attention on integration and getting through regulatory. And, of course, you know, given the fact that we're not one company, and the commercial teams are limited in communication, really limited to integration discussions and not what we can do together going forward. So we're looking forward to getting those teams together to talk about the future and what we can do together. And clearly, our first order of business will be taking a recast of how we feel about the balance of 2025 post-close, and then we'll share that as soon as we can. You know, in the meantime, we're excited about it. We know we're in a very cyclical business. You know, the environment's different than it was when we signed the deal, but this is about the long term. And we're just as excited today as the day we signed the deal, and you know, knowing the long run as we've had a chance to spend more time with their teams, we're really excited about what we can do together, especially in a world that seems to be more geopolitically uncertain and with weather volatility and all the things that should play well into our model. It's gonna give us that much more ability to manage.
Tom Palmer: Great. Thanks for such detailed answers, guys.
Operator: The next question is from Stephen Haynes with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Stephen Haynes: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask on the Viterra regulatory process. You mentioned some constructive comments with Chinese regulators. I was hoping if maybe you could provide more color here on those discussions. And then is it also fair to assume that any back and forth between the U.S. and China on tariffs hasn't changed anything with those discussions? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. I'd say we've had very productive discussions with the Chinese authorities, and we continue to respond to the questions and work through the process. And we feel we're getting to the later stages of that. And then as far as some of the external factors that are going on in the world, the one thing with our global footprint as well as Viterra's global footprint, we both had very good relationships with the China market, with our counterparties in China, with the regulatory authorities, and these are decade-long relationships. And it's very important, right, to be able to connect that important demand in China with the farmers, right? And that's what we do. That's vitally important to help farmers be successful and to be profitable and continue to grow. As well as it's important to China, you know, for their growing demand that we can connect them to all the different origins around the world. So those are long-term relationships and trust that's been built, and we'll just work through the process. We've seen a lot of different cycles and a lot of different situations in the world and relationships over those decades. And expect to in the coming decades, which is why we're so excited about putting these two companies together.
Stephen Haynes: Okay. Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Salvatore Tiano with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Salvatore Tiano: Thank you very much. Firstly, I wanted to talk a little bit in more detail about the financial implications of the acquisitions that you're close to completing. So firstly, on Viterra, previously, you had said that it most likely would be dilutive in year one. And I want to see if you can put a finer point given that at this point, we're close to the completion. And also, if we have line of sight to year two or year three, whether this will be at this point dilutive or accretive. And on CJ Selecta, I think numbers that have been floated previously, we're talking about perhaps a $60 million EBIT contribution, which would be $0.30 EPS accretion on a full-year basis. Is this still the case?
John Neppl: I'll start with Viterra. We said out of the gate it was gonna be neutral to slightly positive on a pro forma basis after considering capturing first-year synergies and share buybacks. Of course, we've done a bit of the share buybacks. We have $800 million remaining on that program. I think, look, it's difficult to assess exactly how it'll have an impact in the first year because we haven't gotten together to put a forecast together for 2025. But again, we'll provide that clarity as soon as we can in 2025. And then really an outlook beyond there, we're gonna have to spend some time together and understand how the businesses will work together and how quickly we can capture the commercial synergies. I think on the cost synergy side, we feel very good about the cadence that we have, but, you know, it'll take time to get through the commercial side. So more to come on that. I think it's just gonna be a big company. It's a lot of work. We'll provide that clarity as soon as we can.
Greg Heckman: You know, with respect to CJ Selecta, you know, our general assumptions are largely intact on that. It's about a $600 million acquisition. And, you know, we expect mid-teen returns on that business. And so if that holds long term, certainly, we believe that's a great acquisition. And while, you know, any given quarter or year, you know, S&Ds can drive margins, we definitely believe that it's gonna be a very good acquisition going forward.
Salvatore Tiano: Perfect. Thank you very much. And also, I wanted to check a little bit on the capital allocation. So obviously, you are being more aggressive with buybacks and offsetting the dilution from the sale of the sugar JV. How should we think a little bit about that for this year? And on CapEx, I think previously you had mentioned around $2 billion for 2025. So currently, it's trending lower. And is this just finding efficiencies, taking off some projects off the books, or just being pushed back to 2026?
John Neppl: Yeah. So with respect to share buybacks, I mentioned we have $800 million left on our commitment relative to Viterra. The original commitment was doing that within 18 months of close, and certainly, that can come sooner if it makes sense. And as we look at other sources and uses of cash, we're always looking at buybacks as an option for any excess cash that we're generating. With respect to the CapEx estimate, really at $1.9 to $2 billion, and now we're down to $1.5 to $1.7 billion, driven really by kind of 50/50 between some timing pushing into early 2026 and canceling or our decision to forego some projects that we had on the slate that we decided not to pursue. So kind of a mix between the two. So overall, I think, you know, $1.5 to $1.7 billion, we feel like it's a pretty good estimate for next year, down $200 to $300 million from our original forecast.
Salvatore Tiano: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Pohren Sharma with Stephens. Please proceed.
Pohren Sharma: Thanks for the question. Just wanted to hop on and get a sense of the take-or-pay. Just wanna get some granularity here. Now you said you're expecting better results out of South America because you won't see as much of an impact. I'm just wondering, in 2024, did you see, was the impact kind of centered around the first half or the second half, or was it split evenly throughout the year?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. First, I'd say it was a total industry impact that unfortunately affected margins not only in origination but also on our exporting as well. And it was really something the industry struggled with all year. It accelerated a little in Q4 as the end of the year definitely approached, and, you know, we felt it across our system in beans and corn, but definitely in our global corn business as well.
Pohren Sharma: Got it. Appreciate the color there. Guess on the follow-up, just wanna get a sense of potential trade scenarios. I know the situation's fluid now, but just, you know, looking at past history, last time around, Bunge Limited's South America business, at least the fundamentals were much better because it looks like flows shifted over from China to South America. So just wanna get your sense on the setup this time around if you do get tariffs in place, do you expect to see as much of a benefit in your South America business? If you could just help me understand the puts and takes there.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. One thing that I would point out as you think about it versus the challenge in the trade war in 2018, Bunge Limited is a very different company. The way we operate the global platform and the way that we've changed our operating model, I think we're much better positioned to react more quickly to the challenges and or opportunities. And we've made some improvements in the platform, right, in our asset platform. So we've got more capabilities from that standpoint as well. So that's the differentiation I would draw from 2018 to today and what we'll be dealing with here in 2025. And the other, we're a little bit battle-tested when you think about some of the things that we've been challenged with, whether it's African swine fever or geopolitical, you know, regional situations, COVID. So and the teams performed very well through all of those. So I think we're in a much better position from the capabilities and from a platform for the challenges that are in front of us.
John Neppl: Yeah. I might just add that obviously, we're used to supplying China out of both North and South America depending on the time of year. Harvest in the U.S., we supply a lot of beans out of the U.S., and then that shifts to Brazil or South America later in the year. And so very much a dynamic that we're used to. And so if trade policy affects trade flows, we'll be able to adjust to that accordingly, given our experience and obviously working with China, as Greg pointed out earlier, for decades.
Greg Heckman: Look, our goal ultimately, right, is to connect those demand markets with the farmers and send the appropriate signals, right, for the planting decisions that the farmers are making to be able to have, you know, the right crops and drive their profitability.
Pohren Sharma: Got it. Appreciate the color, guys.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Ben Theurer: Good morning, Greg, John. So just wanted to follow up on one of the questions that's related to what Tom had in terms of, like, the baseline and kind of, like, tie that back into from what obviously you've shared already during the call, but I remember back roughly two and a half years ago, you also presented some of the impact that you're expecting from a growth CapEx and M&A versus share repurchases. So I think we've discussed M&A and share repurchase piece around it. But could you maybe also elaborate just given the increased CapEx that you've been seeing and what you've been putting out already last year for this year and then the probably even gonna carry over into the first half of 2026. What do you expect from that in terms of contribution as to your, let's just assume it's still the same baseline. What would that be? What's that incremental earnings that you think that can come out of that CapEx as you roll over into then the second half of 2026 and then beyond that into 2027 in a more normalized CapEx cycle, but with those assets being produced?
John Neppl: Sure. So our baseline assumption is we built our go-forward model was really built around CapEx and M&A, small amount of M&A, mostly large CapEx. And those projects are largely on track. Timing's been a little affected by weather and labor availability on a couple of them, but largely intact with our long-term team plan. And, you know, obviously, what the environment is like when those projects finish will impact maybe the near-term economics of those projects. And then CJ Selecta, for example, is one of those projects that we had had on our radar screen back when we built the model. And that, you know, hopefully, will close here soon. So I feel like, you know, we're largely on track on the growth side with what we modeled. And we had anticipated that impacting about $2.50. So we were expecting about an $11 baseline. You know, all else being equal, our baseline from $8.50 to $11. Now obviously, what the environment's gonna be like at the end of 2026, you know, when we largely expect these projects to be wrapped up, is anyone's guess at this point, but assuming a mid-cycle or relatively mid-cycle environment at that point, that's what we would expect our baseline to have reset to.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then just real quick as it relates to, like, the cadence, how to think about your buyback. I mean, obviously, you've done about $1.1 billion now as of December. That means there's still around about $900 million missing, which is within the Viterra deal. Is that still more likely now to happen post-transaction close, or would you continue to buy shares even ahead of it just given the liquidity you have right now post the sugar closure?
John Neppl: Yeah. So we have $800 million left. And, you know, while we haven't made any specific decision on when, but certainly, it'll be opportunistic. We'll get it done. But the cadence, we haven't really settled on when, but certainly, we will if it makes sense to do it sooner, we'll do it sooner. But if we have other reasons not to do it right away, we still consider that. But we'll get it done.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. I love it too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tammy Zakaria with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Tammy Zakaria: Hi. Good morning. Thank you so much. So my question is on the disaster aid package for U.S. farmers that was announced in December. I think they're getting assistance per acre for both corn and soybean. So do you see any potential benefits of any of this for any of your segments benefiting from this as the year progresses?
Greg Heckman: I think it's a kind of a small impact to us overall. What I think the upside and what's good is that farmers will have what they need to make the investment in this next crop in the seed and the inputs, you know, to plant the right crops and have the right productivity. So it's good that they've got that funding, and I think that support is positive, and that should be good for production.
Tammy Zakaria: Got it. That's helpful. And I want to follow up on that tariff question from earlier. I know it's still fluid, but there's a narrative that increased exports of more ag commodities out of the U.S. into some of the trading partners like China could be a negotiating tactic under the current administration. So given your footprint, how would that impact your outlook if, let's say, China promises to buy more from the U.S. maybe at the expense of South America?
Greg Heckman: Yes. One thing we're very glad that we have a very balanced global footprint. So whether that's on the merch side or on the crushing, the processing side, we've been able to balance a number of situations the last few years to continue to perform. It may create regional trade-offs, like in the U.S., where that would benefit export. And it may be slightly more challenging to crush, but then we would try to adjust elsewhere in our global system to respond to that.
Tammy Zakaria: Got it. Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from Derek Whitfield with Texas Capital. Please proceed.
Derek Whitfield: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Starting with refining, we've seen the spread between RBD, SBO, and crude SBO collapse to historically low levels. With the understanding that the majority of refiners are buying crude versus refined, where should this market settle out once demand returns as I can't imagine refining costs are less than two cents per pound?
Greg Heckman: I guess I'd start by saying we all along said that as the pretreatment got built in renewable diesel, we expected to see some of the margin move from the refined into the crude. We've definitely seen that, so the crude will carry a bigger piece on the crush. We've got a little bit different footprint with our global specialty oils business. We've got a very good customer base that we've continued to help manage their challenges and grow with. We've got a nice balance between the QSR as well as the CPG and the food at home. So our account mix has been favorable as we've seen some of the changes with the consumer. And then some of our specialty business on the oil side benefited from the tight cocoa butter supply, as well as you remember, we added a plant at Avondale. And as we've ramped that up in our capabilities here in North America on specialty oils. So kind of all that rolls into when you see what our refined overages are. Probably got a little bit different package or portfolio than what someone who might just be a North American player.
John Neppl: Derek, I'd just add that while the storyline is a lot of it's about energy and versus refined oil, the energy sector, we supply less oil this year not only as a percentage of our total book, but also just in actual volume, we provided less to the energy industry just because demand has been soft with all the uncertainty. So that could be upside in the future if obviously would be upside in the future if policy gets clarified and we think demand for soybean oil, whether refined or crude, is good. Either way, we want demand for that product. But refining premiums have held in there pretty well to Greg's point. It's been very resilient with the elastic demand from the food industry.
Greg Heckman: And I think it's probably also worth mentioning. Right? There is a big biofuel install base that exists now. It's in place. So as we work out, you know, the RBO and work out 45Z, there's a lot of demand there that could make a difference in a hurry. And, you know, we trust that the policy is gonna get worked out. Right? There's a lot of installed capacity. The money's already been spent. It's available today to run. And those facilities, whether it's traditional biodiesel, renewable diesel, or SAF, they're underutilized today. And, you know, we get those policies right. That's also supportive to agriculture at the farm gate. That's supportive to the farmer, and we think we're gonna get, you know, eventually get those dots connected, and we hope that'll be later here this year. But that installed capacity base is there, and John said we've got upside on the amount of oil that we can provide when they're ready to go.
Derek Whitfield: Great. We definitely agree with that assessment as well. And then as my follow-up, I wanted to touch on 45Z. In your view, is there merit from a carbon counting perspective for canola to have a materially higher CI than SVO when you evaluate ag and processing practices?
John Neppl: Yeah. Look. I'm not a scientist, so it's hard to understand all the math that goes into it. You know, today, it doesn't have a path. Obviously, the one we're watching more closely is winter canola because we have a program and think that obviously, the scores there should be considerably different, especially when you think about indirect land use. TBD. You know, the policy did make note that it was spring canola that they had assessed. And so we're hopeful that they'll be reviewing winter canola and treating that differently. Today, that's flowing to Europe since there is demand in Europe for winter canola seed and our program here in the U.S., it's growing. We'll see how things shake out. I mean, there's gonna be a lot of conversation certainly, but one thing we do know is that we're positioned to support wherever this stuff needs to go and stay at today, some of it's Europe. Clearly, 45Z came out. It's more favorable to soybean oil. But we do think winter canola has a place as well as some of the other novel crops we continue to work on.
Greg Heckman: And I'd say what's encouraging is that we're seeing, you know, the players along the value chain work together with the policymakers to try to get, you know, the same set of facts for everyone to work together. So whether it's the energy industry, the processing industry, the farm groups, we are seeing everyone try to engage on the facts, and we believe that that will be productive over the long term.
Derek Whitfield: Perfect. Thanks for your time.
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Please proceed.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I had two questions. The first one is about some of the nearer-term uncertainties that you've been discussing, and you have, you know, cash crush that looks pretty poor versus a crush curve that gets better throughout the year. You know, what's your degree of confidence, or how do you weigh the risk that maybe some of these uncertainties kind of linger beyond the first quarter? Is there a degree of confidence that this will be more confined to the quarter, or how do you balance those two in your outlook?
Greg Heckman: I'd say when you look at the calendarization that we put together with delivering, you know, the $7.75. Right? We talked about that's approximately. So, you know, we see scenarios where that's got risk and, right? We look at where we're at right now, you know, in the cycles of harvest, got kind of second quarter, first quarter is going to be pretty tough. Second quarter will start to see some benefits from South America. Then as we get in the second half of the year, of course, from North America, perhaps. So I think that's reflected in that, expecting 40% of our earnings in the first half. And it's even more reflective when you think about in the first half, we're only expecting of that 40% for 40% of that to be in the first quarter. So that calendarization kind of shows, you know, what we expect to, you know, to roll out. And then the caveat around that being, look, tariffs, and possible retaliatory measures to the point they'll benefit one region and we'll have to manage that from another region. The one thing this does, it makes planning tougher and it may drive not only farmers but consumers to be more hand-to-mouth. That could make things, you know, delay a little bit more. So that'll be one of the, I think, factors to watch in 2025.
John Neppl: If you might just add that I know we've talked a lot about ovals, but some additional certainty around where things are gonna shake out from a renewable standpoint could have a significant impact on demand for soybean oil. Greg pointed out the assets are there. The capacities are to move, and they're able to take a significant amount of volume of soybean oil when they're running and running hard. So that could change the dynamics pretty quickly. But, again, policy uncertainty, people are very reluctant to book forward, and I think that's reflective of the cash markets as a lot of hand-to-mouth right now on that side because people aren't don't have enough conviction to follow through.
Greg Heckman: The other course is to watch, you know, watch the weather. Right now, it looks favorable for Brazil and how the harvest should develop there. Watching. It's a little dry in Argentina. So we wanna watch that closely. And then, you know, remember, meat economics are very good, and the animal numbers are out there. Soybean meal, priced very well, less competition from wheat and from the mid pros, and so we're at high inclusion rates on the meal side. And then John spoke to the fact about there's a lot of biocapacity out there and regulatory clarity is on the way. We hope there in the second half. And then don't forget globally, while we've got a lot of uncertainty in the U.S., right? Brazil's got fuel in the future. They'll be moving up to B15 on their way to B20. Indonesia's talked about going from B35 and on the way to B40. And then Europe has put some more favorable regulation policy in place for SAF and started to move towards maritime. There's a lot happening globally on the biofuels continuing to kind of quietly develop demand and investments continue to move forward.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. That's super helpful color. I appreciate that. And my other question, you know, I guess I'm I appreciate we just got the 2025 guide, but I'm trying to think about earnings trajectory in this business over the next, I don't know, two or three years, next several years. And obviously, this year has a lot of disruption. A lot of kind of rebalancing. And then you have, you know, everyone can make their own assumption on kind of the pro forma numbers with Viterra, CJ Selecta, but, you know, then you have synergies and you have, you know, returns on these capital projects and maybe less a lack of visibility going forward. Do you see 2025 as an earnings base maybe on a pro forma basis that you should grow from over the next several years or kind of like a troughish type of number and, you know, maybe help us with if there's any of the building blocks that I left out, kind of how you think about the trajectory of the business over the next couple of years. Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Let me start. The one thing would be yes. And that's because think about, you know, we're excited about, you know, Viterra and Bunge Limited together. But I'll tell you just really excited are the teams. Right? They're engaged, and they're anxious. You know, we've continued to be competitors, and so the commercial teams have not been able to do that planning. We're excited about the commercial synergies when we're able to get those teams together and start to do the work as one Bunge Limited here into the future. So from that, that's part of where we are building off of. And then, you know, that'll also provide the cash for us to continue to invest as we go forward.
Operator: This concludes today's question and answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: I'd say thank you very much for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Bunge Limited, and we look forward to speaking to you again soon. Have a great day.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bunge Global SA third quarter 2024 earnings release and conference call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero. After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, please press star then two. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you Operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found at the Investor Center on our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of our non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. I’d like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge’s Chief Executive Officer, and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you Ruth Ann, and good morning everyone. Our team delivered a strong third quarter thanks to their ability to react quickly to shifting market dynamics to capture opportunities as they emerge. Our focused approach to leveraging our global platform enabled us to serve our customers at both ends of the value chain, farmers and consumers. We’re making great progress on integration planning for our announced combination with Viterra. The teams are working well together, confirming our confidence that we will be more complete as one combined company. Their commitment will ensure that we can effectively serve our customers from day one. We also continued to engage with the relevant authorities as we work towards gaining a few remaining regulatory approvals. Since our last call, we received conditional clearance from the European Commission and we’re well through the process of meeting the conditions. Conversations in other jurisdictions are constructive. We do not see any issues that would materially impact the economics of the deal. We expect to close the transaction later this year or early 2025. In addition to progressing on the Viterra transaction, we also completed other strategic priorities, including closing the sale of our interest in our non-core sugar and bio-energy joint venture in Brazil to our partner, BP. Turning to our results, we delivered another quarter of solid adjusted EBIT. We exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Great execution by the team led to stronger results in our core segments. Similar to the second quarter, we saw shifting margin environments across the globe with improved margins in some regions offsetting more muted conditions in others. Since we reported the second quarter, we’ve repurchased $200 million of Bunge shares, making progress against the repurchase plan we outlined following the announcement of the Viterra transaction. Looking ahead, many of the same market dynamics remain in place, which we expect to continue for the rest of the year. Based on what we see in the markets and the forward curves today, we now expect full year adjusted EPS to be at least $9.25. With that, I’ll turn it over to John for a deeper look at our financials and outlook. John?
John Neppl: Thanks Greg and good morning everyone. Let’s turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Reported third quarter earnings per share was $1.56 compared to $2.47 in the third quarter of 2023. Reported results included an unfavorable mark-to-market timing difference of $0.16 per share and negative impact of $0.57 per share primarily related to transaction and integration costs associated with our announced business combination with Viterra. Adjusted EPS was $2.29 in the third quarter versus $2.99 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT was $561 million in the quarter versus $735 million last year. In agribusiness, processing results of $291 million in the quarter were down from last year as higher results in South American and European soy crush were more than offset by lower results in North America, European soft seeds, and Asia. In merchandising, higher results were driven by improved performance in our financial services, ocean freight and global oils businesses, more than offsetting lower results in global grades. Refined and specialty oils performed well but down from a strong prior year as higher results in Asia were more than offset by lower results in North and South America. Results in Europe were in line with last year. In milling, slightly higher results in North America were more than offset by lower results in South America, where higher raw materials costs pressured margins. Corporate and other improved from last year. The decrease in corporate expenses was primarily driven by a lower performance-based compensation. Other results were largely related to Bunge Ventures and our captive insurance programs. In our non-core sugar and bio-energy joint venture, higher sugar and ethanol volumes were more than offset by higher operating costs and lower ethanol prices. Lower results also reflected foreign exchange translation losses on U.S. dollar-denominated debt in the quarter compared to translation gains in the prior year. The first nine months of the year reported income tax expense was $236 million compared to $495 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to lower pre-tax income. Net interest expense of $94 million in the quarter was in line with last year. Let’s turn to Slide 6, where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT trends over the past four years, along with the trailing 12 months. The strong performance over the period reflects a combination of favorable market environment and excellent execution by our team. The recent trend reflects more balanced and less volatile markets translating into lower earnings. Slide 7 details our capital allocation. Year to date, we generated approximately $1.3 billion of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $295 million to sustaining capex, which includes maintenance and environmental health and safety, we have $988 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $287 million in dividends, invested $592 million in growth and productivity-related capex, about two thirds of which relates to our large multi-year greenfield investments, and repurchased $600 million of Bunge shares. This resulted in a use of $491 million of previously retained cash flow. Based on our current progress on our greenfield projects, we now expect that we will end the year toward the higher end of the capex range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, or slightly above. Moving to Slide 8, at quarter end readily marketable inventories, or RMI exceeded our net debt by approximately $2.8 billion. Our adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA, was 0.5 times at the end of the quarter. Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter end, we had committed credit facilities of approximately $8.7 billion, all of which was unused at the end of the quarter, providing us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs. In addition, we had a cash balance of $2.8 billion accumulated in large part as a result of $2 billion in cash proceeds from the U.S. public debt offering that we closed in September. These amounts in addition to $6 billion in term loan commitments that we had secured last year will be used to fund the Viterra transaction. Please turn to Slide 10. The trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC was 13.8%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. OIC was 11.3%. While returns have declined from recent highs, they remain well above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%. Moving to Slide 11, in the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.4 billion and a cash flow yield of 12.3% compared to our cost of equity of 8.2%. Please turn to Slide 12 and our 2024 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account year-to-date results, the current margin environment forward curves and the loss of income due to the sale of our ownership in the sugar JV, we now expect full year 2024 adjusted EPS to be at least $9.25. In agribusiness, full year results are forecasted to be up from our previous outlook, reflecting a better than expected third quarter but down compared to last year. Refined and specialty oils full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook but down compared to last year’s record performance. In milling, full year results are expected to be down from our previous outlook, reflecting the lower than expected third quarter but up from last year. In corporate and other, full year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook. In non-core, full year results are expected to be down considerably from our previous outlook due to the lower than expected third quarter and the loss of income from the sale of our ownership in the sugar JV, which closed on October 1. Additionally, the company currently expects the following for 2024: adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 24%, net interest expense in the range of $285 million to $305 million, capital expenditures in the upper end of the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, and depreciation and amortization of approximately $450 million. With that, I’ll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks John. Before turning to Q&A, I wanted to offer a few closing thoughts. Looking ahead, what impresses me most is our team’s commitment to day-to-day execution, along with continuous improvement. We’ve done a lot of hard work to strengthen our business and operations so that we can continue to provide quality products and services to our customers at both ends of the value chain. We’re always looking for additional opportunities to get better. We’ve spent significant capital improving the facilities and operations across our outstanding global footprint, and our team is making sure those investments pay off in improved efficiency and reliability. For instance, our U.S. plants had the best soy crush performance for a crop year ever, and we continue to run at high utilization rates. We also reached year-to-date record volumes in global rapeseed crushing and refining. In the quarter, we broke ground on an expansion of our palm and specialty oils facility in Avondale, Louisiana that we purchased last year. This facility, which has multi-oil capabilities, builds on our ability to provide specialty oils to our food customers in North America and is already exceeding our initial performance expectations. We’re excited to further grow our operations in this location that has significantly improved our reach across North America In today’s often complicated global environment, strengthening all areas of our business is more important than ever. Our combination with Viterra will further accelerate our diversification across assets, geographies and crops, providing us with more optionality to help address the world’s food security needs. While we always look for opportunities to improve, we are well positioned to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed and fuel to the world. With that, we’ll turn to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess I wanted to start on crush margins - you know, there’s been a lot of concern in the market throughout this year on what would happen with crush margins, but the curve has only strengthened, at least for the U.S. for the rest of this year, and also 2025. I guess the question is how are you thinking about crush margins from here in terms of durability, the ability to capture that margin strength? I don’t know if there are offsets in other regions. Then the press release says that you passed through the 3Q processing strength to the guidance, but I didn’t know if you had made any changes to your assumptions for the fourth quarter.
Greg Heckman: Let me start and John can fill in. I’d say the headline has been demand is good, so we’ve got livestock economics have been good really everywhere except China, where chicken’s been good but pork is bigger and has been the laggard, so very supportive on meal demand. Then soy oils is competitive globally, and some of the support there, of course, is palm, but just overall good demand. We’ve seen Europe, good demand, and part of that is lower soybean meal shipments out of South America. Brazil has seen a little bit of slower spot farmer selling and [indiscernible] some of the logistical commitments down there. Argentina has been margin challenged, but the margins have been good enough to cover fixed costs, so we’ve seen Argentina crushing even with farmers continuing to retain their ownership, kind of waiting for the next round of policy incentives. Then the U.S. continued to improve on strong soybean meal demand, and part of that has been less flows out of Argentina, but it’s been our own big soy crop, and I touched on China, which the margins have been very volatile there, really driven by softer and weak demand. That’s what we’ve seen carry in, and I don’t think the--you know, as usual, we don’t see a lot of visibility beyond the first half, but right now demand feels pretty good for meal and oil.
John Neppl: Yes, and Andrew, maybe just to touch on the outlook for Q4 and whether we’ve had any changes, I think really the only couple of things I’d mention there, one is when we looked at--if you look at the over-performance in our core business in Q3, we think we probably pulled a little bit of earnings out of Q4, just given the market and customers and uncertainty around EUDR. We think maybe we pulled maybe $0.15 out of Q4 into Q3. Then the other one, of course, was the sale of sugar. We took about $0.15 of earnings out of our Q4 forecast.
Andrew Strelzik: Got it, okay. Okay, that’s helpful. Then I guess if I zoom out, and I know you’re not giving ’25 guidance at this point, and obviously a lot of work to do around acquisitions and buybacks going forward as well, but if I just look at the base business at current levels, I guess, crush appears to be above the baseline. You see the refined continues to hold in better, so I guess just from a high level, how would you frame the set-up into 2025, I guess, relative to maybe a normal type of year for Bunge? Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Yes, and I was kind of specifically speaking to soy. I probably should have mentioned soft is probably the one area that what we’ve seen in the last few years on the soft seed side, we’ve got a lot of weather impacting the Black Sea and European sun and rape production, so that’s not only hurt margins but you’ve got a farmer who’s going to be very spot there with a smaller crop. Now in Canada, we also are seeing canola margins continue to be good, but they’re off from the higher margins we enjoyed in the past, and some of that’s due to a smaller crop. Our soft seed crushing is a smaller business, but that’s definitely softer than what we’ve seen the last few years, so that would be part of the offset to the positive environment we’re seeing in soy.
John Neppl: Yes, I think Andrew, in terms of the baseline, how we think about that in ’25, I would say we’ve been--refined and specialty oils have been pretty resilient, and I think probably logically will perform a little better than baseline in ’25. Crush, we’ll see. We’re off to a good start and crush margins are pretty resilient in the first half of the year, so we’ll see how that progresses, probably some opportunity there. But merchandising has been, continues to be a little performing below baseline, so that one, we’ll see what kind of volatility we get in the market and opportunity. And then of course, we’re taking sugar now out of our baseline, but with what we expect to do on share buybacks relative to sugar, that should be net neutral to slightly positive.
Andrew Strelzik: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Salvatore Tiano with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Salvatore Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. I want to ask a little bit about your customers on the fuel side, and specifically, firstly there was an article earlier this week in Bloomberg about how you and some other big crushers are actually slowing down soybean purchases and crushing volumes, because you’re going to see less purchases from your fuel customers, so if you have any comments on that and your strategy there, what you’re seeing in terms of demand in Q4 and perhaps in Q1, as the tax credit plans could change, and also what other feedback you have, I guess. On the other hand, one of the major customers on the fuel side has mentioned that they’re using higher CI score feed stocks right now before they make a more major switch in Q1 to lower CI feed stock, so what are you seeing there? What are your thoughts on this and the risk it holds for next year?
Greg Heckman: Sure, yes. Let me divide that into a couple pieces. Let me talk first about the Bloomberg article - we did see that, and that is not accurate. We continue to have our purchases from farmers be very strong; in fact, if you compare this marketing year, it’s higher than the last several years, so that just wasn’t accurate. As far as the fuel demand and the customers, yes, we do have some uncertainty here in the U.S, and I might start at a high level and finish with the U.S.; but while we’ve had a lot of lack of clarity around U.S. policy, globally things feel better, right? You’ve got Brazil talking--you know, they put in the law and the fuel of the future, so we’re seeing them move from B14 here in ’24 to B15 in ’25, and moving towards B20 in 2030, so they’ll go up 1% annually. You’ve got Indonesia that just went from B35 and committed to go to B40, and then in Europe, there’s some support put in place now for SAF and maritime fuels, and so those have UCO caps, which will then lead to veg oils as well, so I think it feels better overall. Now back to the U.S., with our policy uncertainty and the switch from a blenders credit to a producers credit, and uncertain RVO, what we’ve got out there, we’ve got billions of dollars of assets that are proven technology in the ground on traditional biodiesel, renewable diesel, and even some SAF that’s running at really low capacity utilization because we haven’t got all the policy and the incentives right yet. We remain positive that will get worked out, right, because one of the things that the policymakers said they wanted to see is to make sure that we could have the supply there. I think what the market has shown, it’s done it’s work and we’ve shown that we do have the supply, capacity has been added, the market works, and we’ve been able to provide for that industry, so we remain positive that that will get worked out over the next year and that will be positive for demand from the fuel sector, from the renewable feed stocks here in the U.S.
Salvatore Tiano: Perfect. If I may just follow up, I guess [indiscernible] new credit landscape, if someone can only use lower CI feed stocks, they would fully go away from soybean oil, but the main issue is obviously logistical and supply challenges, so do you have any views on the supply and the supply restrictions and limitations for tallow and used cooking oil, and how much essentially of the feed stock mix this could be next year or the next few years?
Greg Heckman: I think I would start again with if you look over the last few years, the market works, and so we’ve seen the low CI feed stocks as well as the vegetable oils, and as policy shifts, it finds its place to the right demand on the globe. There is more demand coming than any one feed stock can address.
John Neppl: Salvatore, this is John. When you look at 45Z, of course we were hoping that would get finalized this year - it may still into Q1. A big part of that now is pushed from agricultural groups in the U.S., particularly farmers, to even the playing field and maybe provide either preference for U.S.-based supply or restrict the import of UCO and tallow and other feed stocks. That could have a pretty big impact on the farm economy, depending on the decision that’s made, and obviously we just want the U.S. farmer to have an even playing field. We think that’s important to get that right in the upcoming finalization of 45Z, but that would certainly drive how much forward feed stocks come into the U.S. It could be similar to last year. I don’t know if it will--you know, it’s hard to predict whether it’d be more than last year, but certainly if the changes come that I think the farming groups are hoping for, and I think we think is fair, it will certainly provide some tailwind for the products that we supply the industry.
Salvatore Tiano: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. I wanted to just ask on the Viterra, and thanks for the update on expected timing. Just on the business’ recent results, does it affect at all how you look at the longer term earnings power for the business, or should we look at kind of the details you laid out last summer as still largely holding? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: I would say absolutely not. We still have the confidence in this combination, it’s a great fit. They are not in the same place as we are. As we’ve had a chance to work on some of the integration planning, seeing that great team that they’ve got and seeing how these teams are working together, and they are as excited, I think, as all of us are to get this deal closed so we can all work together, because there’s just so much that we can’t do at this point in the process. We’re excited about what it means for the long term. This is going to give us a lot of alternatives and ways to grow and to continue to serve our customers in a very differentiated way, and that’s customers at both ends of the value chain.
John Neppl: And Tom, I’d maybe just add, while we’re a little disappointed that things have taken this long to close, it has given us time to continue--we haven’t stopped and just sat and waited, we’ve been continuing to fine tune our planning and doing some things now that we would have maybe done after close, readiness around transition, around organizational design and integration, of course synergy capture. We’re focused on the things we can control around this transaction, and we’re very excited about that. As we’ve mentioned before, we weren’t totally surprised by Viterra’s first half performance given the broader market, but to Greg’s point, this is about a long term opportunity and we feel very good together about the things we can control, and ultimately the market environment will be what it is as we move forward. But in the long run, we think this is a hit.
Tom Palmer: Okay, thank you for that. Then just one topic that had come up in previous quarters, and you did touch on it earlier, was just the lack of farmer selling in South America, I think, and how that’s maybe--you know, there’s offsets that maybe hurts margin in South America but it does seem to be helping soy crush margins as we look at Europe and North America. Just any thoughts on the pace of farmer selling? Is there a point where that should really pick up as we move towards maybe this new harvest in the first half of ’25? Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Yes, we think that you probably are right - it will be in the first half of ’25, one, as the South America farmer gets a better idea in Argentina of how policy will shake out. Even if something’s communicated here in ’24, there’s not much of the year left to probably make much of a difference here, so I think first half ’25 will be key on that. Then in Brazil, where we’ve got some good rains and planting is really accelerating down there, I think we feel like we’ll see another big crop there in South America, and I think that will give some confidence to the producer. Then here in the U.S., of course, we’re harvesting a real big bean crop right now, and so as we get to the end of that, we’ll see how the producer--they never like a lower price than prior year, but ultimately you’ve got to make some decisions and manage some risk, and we’ll see that, I think, starting to move here in the first half of next year.
Tom Palmer: Right, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. My question is on your growth capex. You’re obviously spending on your growth projects. Help us understand what’s the progress over there, when are the key start-up dates for these growth projects, when do you expect them to come online and start making a material contribution to the EBITDA?
Greg Heckman: Yes, so we have four key large projects underway today, and I think that 2025 will really be the biggest year in terms of spending capex on those, as those projects move toward finalization. I think realistically on those projects, we’re looking at late ’24--I’m sorry, late ’25 commissioning to early ’26, so not probably a lot of impact on ’25 results just given the fact that you’ve got to work through commissioning and bugs as you get these plants up and going. I think really, we’ll start to look for first half ’26 for these to start contributing and expect all of them to be running by second half, so second half of ’26 is really how I’d see the addition to earnings from those projects from a run rate perspective. Then of course, once we complete those projects toward the end of ’25, early ’26, then we’ll start to see a more normalized capex level back half of ’26 and beyond.
Manav Gupta: My follow-up here is a little bit--you’ve also mentioned this, that although the deal has been delayed a little, it’s given you more time to plan, so help us understand now when Viterra does close, do we expect some of those synergies to be realized earlier than expected? How has the timeline of moving the deal allowed you to plan better as you close on it?
Greg Heckman: Yes, it’s really been around the--I’ll say the organizational design and getting things ready and right for day one with no disruption. Unfortunately despite the extended time frame, we still cannot get together commercially, and so we have not been able to accelerate any of the commercial planning and the commercial roles, but what we--you know, our role in the market together, that unfortunately we have to wait until close. But we have been able to spend more time with the teams, make sure we’re getting the right people in the right roles going forward, and I think we feel like a lot of the uncertainty sometimes that can happen right after close, we’re addressing that stuff now so that people have focus and confidence the day we close the transaction, and lower our risk of any kind of disruption in the day-to-day. But again, unfortunately we have not been able to accelerate the commercial planning side, which is really where we think the long term opportunity is.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning, thanks for the question.
Greg Heckman: Morning Heather.
Heather Jones: I had a question on bean oil and meals, but starting with bean oil, given the biofuel policy uncertainty we’ve got in the U.S., demand for bean oil could be very depressed in late Q4 and Q1. I was just curious if you think the export demand could be strong enough to offset that, given soybean oil is attractive price relative to palm and rape. Also, do you see any potential logistical constraints to the U.S. handling that magnitude of exports?
Greg Heckman: Yes, I think you’ve got that right, that soy oil is competitive globally right now against palm and some of the soft oils, and we’ve now seen the U.S. being competitive again. I do think we can handle those logistics because the U.S. was always holding the residual stocks prior to some of the biofuels demand the last few years. We held the residual stocks for the world and we did export as it was needed, so as the market is calling for that, I think we’re in good position to do that and that’s one of the things that we feel good about on the oil demand side globally.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you. Then on meal, that demand has been much stronger than expected this year, and it seems to be because of a big step-up in feed ration inclusion, because animal numbers globally just aren’t up that much. When we look to ’25, I was wondering if you think there’s room for additional sizeable increases in ratio inclusion, assuming that pricing is relatively attractive.
Greg Heckman: Yes, soybean meal demand has been very good, and you’ve got MiD proteins around, you’ve got a wheat crop that’s not as competitive for feeding on the wheat side, and you’ve got the other--if you look historically, when meal gets cheaper, people like to feed it. They like feeding meal, and when they can--when the numbers work and the animal profitability is up, which is the situation we’re in right now, we see the inclusion rates go up, and I think that’s the demand that we have seen this year in the U.S. and globally, so we kind of expect that to continue there into ’25. We can’t see much past the first half, but that’s what we see right now.
John Neppl: Yes, and Heather, I would just add that I think one of our strengths on the commercial side is our ability to market meal globally, and we actually market today more meal than we produce ourselves, so we’ve got a team that’s very steeped in the experience of marketing meal globally and as things change and as market demand ebbs and flows, I think our team is usually right on top of that.
Heather Jones: If I could sneak in a clarifying question, you guys probably have as good visibility as anyone into feed profiles globally. Could we see a situation in ’25 where we have an increase in inclusion rates as much as we did this year, like--I mean, I don’t know if we’re near a cap, or could we see another sizeable step-up?
Greg Heckman: I think you’ve got to continue to watch how it sets up versus the competing, and what we do know right now is less wheat feeding, less MiD proteins, we’ve got some smaller seed crops - you know, you don’t make as much meal in the soft crush, but you’ve got Europe and Black Sea with some smaller seed crops, so some less meal there. Yes, it’s all part of the factors that are setting up the current situation we’ve got, which has been constructive. You’ve all seen it in the numbers.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Hayes with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Hayes: Good morning. Maybe just wanted to ask kind of a follow-up question on the refined side of things. I think there was a comment before to an earlier question about it being resilient and better than baseline in 2025. I think you’re still quite a bit above baseline, where we are right now, so can you kind of help frame, I guess, what a bit better looks like and how we should be thinking about it next year?
John Neppl: Yes, I’ll start and Greg can jump in. Look - I think we certainly are seeing as expected, and what we contemplated in our long term baseline was that refining premiums would moderate and the demand would go back more toward crude edge oil, especially for the energy side. I think what we’ve seen is a very strong, somewhat of a resilient market on the food side - it’s been very good. We had about a $400 million baseline for that business, and as you pointed out, we’ve been performing above that. I think just given our increased capability in our portfolio and what we’ve seen on the food side, plus probably a little bit more resilient demand on energy, I think we feel like we’re set. It’s hard today to predict what that above baseline number is going to be - I think we have to get a better handle on where things are heading from a policy standpoint. These things around 45Z and RVO and things like that could have an impact certainly on even the refining versus crude piece of it, but ultimately we feel pretty good about that business being on probably more solid footing than it’s ever been in total, when you look at the specialty side and that refined piece. Obviously the refining - again, the energy piece of that, we did expect to moderate, but we’ve been very pleased with the food demand.
Stephen Hayes: Got it. Thank you for that color. Then just on the meal side of things, there’s been a bunch of capacity that’s kind of come on in the U.S. this year, understanding you said it’s not fully running yet and it takes some time to kind of hit that run rate. Is the market feeling the impact of this yet, or how should we think about it as even more supply is expected to come on in ’25, and there’s some projects slated for ’26, yourselves included? How should be thinking about the market’s ability to, I guess, absorb the excess meal going forward?
Greg Heckman: Yes, the thing about meal, it’s a very global market. I think John mentioned, we market more than we produce. We continue to make the investments we’ve made, investments in our PNW asset to be able to handle meal here in the U.S. and get it to export, so I think the investments will continue to be made to connect the supply to the demand globally. You know, as you’ve said, those plants, they’re not like flipping a light switch - they do come on, and so they kind of get dovetailed into the demand, and price does its work around the inclusion rates, so we think the market will do its work.
John Neppl: Maybe I’d just add one thing, Stephen. Greg mentioned the PNW, where we’re adding some capacity for export of meal. We’re doing the same in the Gulf, so we have our big project, of course - our expansion with Chevron in the Gulf of Destrehan, our adjacent export terminal, we’re expanding the capacity of that to handle more meal to be exported from the U.S. We’ve anticipated this for two or three years, and the projects are well underway and moving along, and we’ll be well positioned, as well positioned as anybody to get this stuff out in the market where it needs to go internationally.
Stephen Hayes: Thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Yes, good morning. Greg, John, thanks for taking my question. Just a few things to--clarification, I think you said there’s a $0.15 impact on the loss that you need to book for the bioenergy, the disposal. Was that something that you expected to happen in 3Q and now it’s just moved into 4Q for that implicit downgrade of that $0.15? That would be question number one. Then just question number two related to the timing of Viterra and the pending approvals, can you remind us which are the big jurisdictions that are still pending right now?
John Neppl: Yes, I’ll start with sugar and Greg can talk about Viterra timing. We didn’t--we had a forecast the full year for sugar because we really didn’t know when this was going to actually close. The Q3 was simply underperformance, so we didn’t have a good Q3 in sugar, as we highlighted, and then Q4, we lost about $0.15 of earnings that was in our prior forecast because of selling and closing on Aug.1, but we locked that in there until we actually certainty around close. That’s just reflective of the lost earnings for Q4, and then of course as I mentioned, you can see the results for Q3, that we were well below where we expected.
Ben Theurer: Yes, okay. Got it.
John Neppl: Overall, second half probably down $0.35, I would say, between Q3 and Q4 from what we had originally expected.
Ben Theurer: Just sugar?
John Neppl: Just sugar.
Ben Theurer: Okay.
Greg Heckman: With the core business stepping up and covering that in the second half, so it’s a better quality of earnings. We like the way it happened.
Ben Theurer: Well said. Then on the pending approvals?
John Neppl: The regulatory - yes, on the regulatory since the last time we were all together, of course, we got the EU conditional approval, where we’ve got to do some asset sales in Poland and Hungary, so we’re working through that process currently and making good progress. In Canada, you may have seen there’s a new transport minister there - we are engaged with them and making great progress addressing all the questions and closing out the issues. We expect that to be in the relative near term. Then the other, of course, is in China, and we continue to work with the Chinese authorities. We have very productive discussions and able to respond to all their questions, so again feel that that should be hopefully here in the near term. Lastly, look forward to getting the regulatory approvals done, as we said. In those scenarios, we don’t see anything that would be material to the economics of the transaction, and we just cannot wait to put these two great companies together and get these teams to work. Everybody is excited and feels like we’ve got our hands tied behind our backs here, and can’t wait to get to the next stage.
Ben Theurer: Okay, and then Argentina - I mean, obviously that’s a post-close approval process, but there was some news just recently about Argentine soy exporter that you were planning to take over, and that got kind of blocked out of bankruptcy. Has that any consequences on how you think about the post-close approval process in Argentina?
Greg Heckman: No. No, not at all. Of course, we’ve been in Argentina a long time, we work closely with the authorities there. It’s an important operation for us, so the appeal is just part of the process, the legal process down there. We weren’t really surprised by it. It’s kind of a technical issue, and we’ll continue to work through the process. But no, we’ve always thought about those processes working in parallel.
Ben Theurer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question and answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks. Please go ahead.
Greg Heckman: Thank you. Thanks again for joining us today, and we appreciate your interest in Bunge. I want to just close by thanking the team one more time for their dedication. Our performance is a testament to the quality of our people and the culture that we’ve built here at Bunge. It’s allowed us to execute on our day-to-day business, to maintain a relentless drive for continuous improvement, and to make great progress on the integration planning. I’m as excited as ever about the future of Bunge and what we’re going to be able to accomplish together with Viterra. We look forward to speaking with you again soon, and have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning everyone and welcome to the Bunge Global SA Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the floor over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Ma'am please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator and thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investor Center on our website at bunge.com, under Events & Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the team for their dedication and focus. We continue to effectively deliver on our commercial and operational priorities, making excellent progress on integration planning. I'm so impressed by this team's passion and drive, excited by the opportunities to grow our existing business, and look forward to the future combination with Viterra. Two teams are working very well together in the planning process and are identifying in many ways will be a more complete company post close. Regulatory approval process is continuing to progress. While we have the bulk of the approvals required, we are continuing to constructively engage with relevant authorities in the remaining jurisdictions. Based on ongoing discussions, we see no issues that would be material to the economics of the deal, and we expect to receive the remaining approvals and close the transaction in the next several months. Turning to our results, we delivered solid adjusted EBIT, reflecting improved margin environment in some regions during the second half of the quarter, partially offset by more muted conditions than others. Our balanced market requires a different approach. We're very proud of the team for their ability to adapt to deliver. Rest of 2024, I think the dynamics we have discussed are still in place. Demand is good, customers at both ends of the supply chain and largely in the spot market, limits visibility later in the year. We're controlling what we can amid the evolving supply/demand environment in markets around the world. We're tapping into the tremendous work we've done over the past several years to strengthen our business. Based on what we see in the markets and the forward curves today, we now expect full year adjusted EPS of approximately $9.25. I'll now hand the call over to John to walk through our financial results and outlook in more detail, and then we'll close with some additional thoughts. John?
John Neppl: Thanks Greg and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Reported second quarter earnings per share was $0.48 compared to $4.09 in the second quarter of 2023. Reported results included an unfavorable mark-to-market timing difference of $0.82 per share and a negative impact of $0.43 per share related to transaction and integration costs associated with our announced business combination with Viterra. Adjusted EPS was $1.73 in the quarter versus $3.72 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $519 million in the quarter, which is $893 million last year. Agribusiness, processing results of $265 million in the quarter or down from last year as higher results in Europe soy and soft seed crush, but more than offset by lower results in North and South America and Asia. Merchandising, lower results were primarily driven by global grains. Our volumes were more than offset by lower margins. Refined and specialty oils performed well, but down from a strong prior year. Higher results in Asia were more than offset by lower results in North and South America and Europe. Milling, higher results were primarily driven by South America, reflecting higher volumes and margins, both [ph] in the U.S. were in line with the prior year. Corporate and other improved from last year. The decrease in corporate expenses is largely due to lower performance-based compensation. Our results in other were primarily related to our Captive insurance program. In our non-core sugar and bioenergy joint venture, core results were due to lower Brazil ethanol prices, which more than offset higher sugar prices. Results were also negatively impacted by approximately $15 million in foreign exchange translation losses with U.S. dollar-denominated debt. Results in the prior year included a $39 million benefit, reversal of a tax valuation allowance. The first six months of the year, reported income tax expense was $147 million compared to $381 million in the prior year. The decrease is primarily due to lower pre-tax income. Net interest expense of $86 million in the quarter was in line with last year. Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see adjusted EPS and EBIT trend over the past four years, along with the trailing 12 months. Strong performance over the period reflects a combination of favorable market environment and full execution by our team. The more recent trend reflects more balanced and less volatile markets, translating into lower earnings. Slide 7 details our capital allocation. First half of the year, we generated $895 million of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $191 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental, health, and safety, we had $704 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $191 million in dividends, invested $342 million in growth in productivity related CapEx, half of which relates to our large multiyear greenfield investments, and repurchased $400 million of Bunge shares. This resulted in a use of $229 million of previously retained cash flow. We are in progress on our greenfield products. We could end the year with the higher end of our CapEx range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, or perhaps slightly above. However, this would reduce our 2025 expectations. Moving to Slide 8. Quarter end readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $3 billion. Our adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA, was 0.5 times at the end of the quarter. Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter end, we have committed credit facilities of approximately $8.7 billion, which includes $3 billion that will become available to draw upon at the close of the Viterra transaction. With the $5.7 billion available to us currently, all was unused at the end of the quarter, providing sample liquidity to manage on our ongoing capital needs. These amounts are in addition to the $8 billion of term loan commitments that we have secured to fund the Viterra transaction. Please turn to Slide 10. Trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC was 15.2%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. ROIC was 12.2%, well above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%. Moving to Slide 11. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow approximately $1.5 billion, a cash flow yield of 13.7% compared to our cost of equity at 8.2%. Please turn to Slide 12 and our 2024 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account first half results and the current margin environment forward curves, we now expect full year 2024 adjusted EPS of approximately $9.25. Note that this forecast excludes any pending transactions that are expected to close during the year. In the Agribusiness, full year results are forecasted to be in line with our previous outlook, reflecting higher results and processing, largely offset by lower results in merchandising. Notes [ph] are expected to be down compared to last year. The refined and specialty oils full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook, due to a better-than-expected second quarter, but down compared to last year's record performance. The milling, full year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook and up from last year. In corporate and other, full year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook. In non-core, full year results in our sugar and bioenergy joint venture are expected to be down slightly from our previous outlook and down significantly last year. Additionally, company expects the following for 2024; adjusted annual effective tax rate of 22% to 25%; net interest expense in the range of $280 million to $310 million; capital expenditures in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, as I mentioned earlier; and depreciation and amortization of approximately $450 million. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks John. So, before we go to Q&A, I just want to offer a few closing thoughts. As we look ahead, the fundamental drivers of our business remain strong. Long-term demand for our food, feed, and fuel product services continues to increase. With our global platform, we're very well-positioned to find solutions to meet the needs of our customers at both ends of the value chain regardless of the market environment. Our strategic combination with Viterra will help us accelerate our diversification, assets, geographies, and crops, providing us with even more capabilities and optionality to address the world's most pressing food security needs. As I mentioned earlier, both teams have been hard at work planning our integration and we look forward to unlocking this additional organizational capacity post close. We're also progressing on a range of other strategic initiatives that will strengthen our company for the future, including the sale of our interest in the sugar and bioenergy joint venture in Brazil to partner BP. I'm very pleased with the great work the team has done to become a leader in the industry. However, this business is not core to Bunge's long-term strategy, divesting it will allow us to focus those resources on our core businesses. We also recently completed a commercial pilot season in our effort to provide lower-carbon solutions for farmers and in consumers. Working with our partners, Corteva and Chevron, farmers planted over 5,000 acres of winter canola in the Southern U.S. After a successful harvest, the plan is to significantly increase acreage to 35,000 for the next crop year. We hope to build on these promising results to meet consumers' growing demand for energy, creating more environmentally sustainable future, driving additional revenue sources for farmers. In addition, we jointly tested a traceability platform using blockchain technology for sustainable soy with CP Foods, global leader in food and feed committed to nutritious, safe, and traceable products. We successfully shipped several vessels of deforestation-free soybean meal from Brazil to Asia, allowing CP Foods to trace the product from farm to processing and transportation, all the way to destination. This is another example of the work Bone is doing to increase transparency and reliability and end-to-end traceability of our customers fulfill their sustainability commitments. Our focus remains on delivering great value to all stakeholders, while investing to strengthen our business, so that we can provide customers with solutions, not only today, but over the longer term. And while we always look for opportunities to improve, we're well-positioned to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed, and fuel to the world. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we'll begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Theurer: Yes, good morning Greg, John. Thanks for the presentation. And just my first question is just around understanding the drivers behind the guidance and as you look at it. If we go back three months, you sit around $9, roughly 50/50 split, which obviously, if we just do the math, we take $4.50 for the second half, add the $4.70-something now, gets us to $9.25. But clearly, from three months ago, we've seen complete different environment in crush nearby just conditions have changed. So, I just want to understand what are you seeing in the market to what feels to be coming out with a rough conservative guidance just given where crush is right now, what have you been able to lock in or not? How the volume is? And how we should think about the usual fourth quarter skew that seems to be not as pronounced this year as maybe in prior years? So, that's just -- conceptually if you could explain that to us.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Let me start and good morning. But yes, as you kind of laid out, we overperformed in the first half to what we had talked about since we were together last time. Gross margin did improve late in Q2 and that also gave us visibility into Q3 and where we have been able to lock some margins, and that gave us the confidence to roll it through. Now, that being said, Q4 margin curves are very inverted. We've got very little visibility. And while the demand oil and meal remains strong, the end customers, as everyone knows, the farmer vary spot, as well as the consumer vary spot. So, we just don't have much visibility in that Q4. And as you called out, it's historically an important one for us. So, I think had the confidence to roll it through and call it, but that's what we see now and that's why we said the approximate $9.25 million.
John Neppl: And I think, Ben, maybe just to add one. When you look at the second half, while the overall forecast for second half didn't change, we've shifted a little bit more towards Q3, where we were 40/60 before. But not a lot of shift, but probably more like 45/55 at this point. So, a slight shift to Q3 from Q4.
Ben Theurer: Okay, and that's good color. And then just on -- I know you might not be able to talk too much about it, but you've made some comments on the pending regulatory approvals with Viterra, and your conversations imply not any meaningful financial adversities as you potentially have to look into divestitures. Just wanted to see if you could give us a little bit more color on how the negotiations are going and what's like the kind of things you might be asked to do in order to get this deal over the finish line?
Greg Heckman: Sure. The team has been doing great work, and we have the majority of the jurisdictions have all issued clearances. We are currently engaging with the EU, Canada, China and then just a handful of others as we're kind of getting to the end of the process. The team has done a great job on the integration plans, on preparing for the financing, the capital structure and the plans of our leadership team. Those plans are in place. Now, as you know, we have to continue to operate as separate companies until we're able to close the transaction. But as I said, we're making progress, and we expect to include that in the next several months. Many of the current conversations are going on are confidential. But some of those timelines are rolling up on us pretty quiet as things become public, then we'll be able to share those.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thank you and good morning everyone. Maybe first question on the merchandising side Agribusiness. And so you kind of as you alluded crush margin environment has improved in the nearby, but the comments on the merchandising piece were a little bit more tempered. I guess I'd love some additional color on what you're seeing in terms of farmer selling in Brazil, in Argentina, and how those are influencing kind of your outlook for merchandising over the balance of the year. And then I got a follow-up question on the Refined Oil side.
Greg Heckman: Okay. Sure. Yes. So, if you look at Argentina, the crop definitely has recovered, right? 2023 crop was about half of what we're going to get this year. But the selling has been very slow. And part of that, of course, is the shift to lower prices. The producers don't like that. And then with the government policy that really has an economic catalyst to driven and become selling. So, it's been a very, very slow pace there. And the second half is really going to be about the FX and the government policy to see how that develops in Argentina. In Brazil, so you ended up with a combined bean and corn crop that was about 30 million metric tons lower than, I think, what the industry expected. And I think the industry had logistics in place to be able to handle that larger crop as we saw last year in some of the tightness and strains in that. And then you end up with that 30 million metric ton smaller crop and the farmer selling, again, being very spot and very opportunistic as the farmer doesn't like the lower prices. That smaller crop than drove a lot of pressure around the logistics and that's hurt margins and especially in the merchandising. And then when you take the other piece, globally, while the demand is good for meal and oil, the consumer has been rewarded for moving to the spot, right? There aren't the same challenges in the supply chain and worried about delivery. So, they pulled down inventories, they pulled down the length of their supply chain, and they've been rewarded for by the spot if prices have become lower. And so that's been a little bit tougher for the environment in merchandising as well. And then North America, again, slower farmer selling. Again, don't like the lower prices as markets become more balanced on the S&D, although we have seen the livestock margins improving there. This will really be about weather in the Northern Hemisphere. We got soybeans entering kind of a critical window and the producer generally is when they're looking out their door and what they see and how they see that develop here in North America, and you can see how the marketing will continue. And then, of course, we're also watching, in the Northern Hemisphere, the weather and temps on the canola crop there in Canada.
Adam Samuelson: That's really helpful color. And then just on the refined oil side, you talked about raising the outlook largely to reflect the second quarter performance, which the release you cited, Asia being kind of the area of year-on-year strength. Was that what surprised you relative to your expectations three months ago? And just help us think about the forward for why you don't think that strength would be persisting in the second half at quite the same level?
Greg Heckman: We received a little bit of help on the tight cocoa butter supply and our cocoa butter equivalents on our tropical oil side in the RS, so that was somewhat helpful. And then we did see some stronger energy demand, some additional energy demand come in late that we weren't expecting in the U.S. So, that was constructive. And I think when we look at the balance of the year, we don't have that visibility, but we're calling that out in the puts and takes. And I think the lower prices always drive demand, and that's, I think, true not only in the inclusion side on soybean meal, but we're seeing that drive demand in soybean oil for both food and especially on the energy side here.
Adam Samuelson: I appreciate that color. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Heather Jones: Morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Greg Heckman: Good morning.
Heather Jones: I just wanted to ask about your coverage going into Q3 and Q4. Greg, you mentioned the customers and the farmers have been very slow to buy or sell. But just wondering -- because we had the soy crush in the U.S. has been markedly lower than people expected and so you had these rallies. And so as we're thinking about your Q3 and Q4, but particularly Q3, how much of that is covered? And so do you have any exposure to the robust margins that we're seeing at present?
Greg Heckman: Yes, I think if you look at Q2 and kind of the global setup, we were pretty well hedged, and a lot of that strength came very late in the quarter. Now, I'll say the team also did a great job of executing -- as they executed the crush we have on, and then closing out the balance of the open capacity that we had. As we've seen that run up late Q2, we have been able to go ahead and hedge some of Q3 and lock that in. That's what gave us the confidence to roll the overperformance there in the first half, to roll it through the year when we went to $9.25 that being said, in Q3 and Q4, there's really no liquidity yet and very low visibility. So, I think those are the keys that we'll be watching here as things develop for the late Q3 and the balance of Q4.
John Neppl: Yes. Maybe just to add there, Heather, that we're largely covered for Q3 at this point, especially on the canola side. Sun is affected a little bit by crop, so maybe not as much cover there. But really covered on soy as well here as of the end of July.
Heather Jones: Okay. And another on the Argentina side. Just was wondering if you could help us understand, not only more outlook but also what happened in Q2. Because I had repeatedly heard from those in the industry and just read that there were periods during the quarter where cash margins were some of the best that industry has ever experienced. And it was around time when the farmer would sell. But clearly, you all are talking -- your commentary is very different from that. So, I was just wondering if you could help me to understand the difference between those and then how you're thinking about that business for the second half?
Greg Heckman: Yes, I think you're right on the fact that the farmer selling came in some as -- it was slow and it came in kind of drilled out in different surges. That did provide some ability to crush above fixed costs, but I would not say we saw the robust margins that you're -- that you may have picked up. That being the case, it really depends on how the farmer reacts on the second half. Now, the offset of that, right, was lower soybean meal exports that were moving into Europe. And so we continue to see strong margins there in Europe with good demand and less meal imports. That was kind of the other side of the sword.
Heather Jones: Oka, all right. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much. So, firstly, on merchandising, I'm wondering -- I think it was two years ago when you said that your normalized merchandising earnings should be around $75 million to $100 million a quarter. So, we've been below the low end for a few quarters now and even more so this Q2. Has this made you change your normalized earnings outlook? Or is it simply that the ag situation is so bad that you're earning so much below normalized? And when do you expect us to go back to the $75 million to $100 million figure?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Remember, those were our assumptions in the model for our baseline, and we are operating below baseline today. Now, that's always the toughest one to predict. And as those opportunities come up, I think the team does a good job of capitalizing on those. But we've been in a pretty interesting time of transition, right? And when these markets generally transition from higher price into a more balanced S&D, that's when you see this adjustment and the pressure on margins, right? The farmers have good, strong balance sheets. They have a lot of storage available and they don't like selling lower prices. So, they're building inventory, if you will, and seeing how the weather plays out and how the S&Ds play out. And then you've got the consumer, which is actually reducing inventories, shrinking their supply chains and their patience is also being rewarded. So, the market gets much more spot to put pressure on the margins until we get back in balance. And I think we're getting pretty close there now, where some of the puts and takes around what could happen from a weather and what could happen from a demand start to be more of an upside on -- as opportunities develop. But I think that's really what you've seen in the transition of the market going through, and that's what we've been seeing.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And also, I want to ask a little bit about refined products. It continues to be the one segment that quarter-on-quarter, you're -- it looks like you're topping your own expectations. And if you can say to why -- where did things go better than you expected? And also, is it mostly on the fuel side? Is it mostly on the edible oil side?
Greg Heckman: It's been both. Our food customers -- while we're seeing the customers trade down some on the brands and things that they're on -- eating at home as well as the shift of where they're eating away from home, we've probably been maybe a little bit of a beneficiary to that favorable mix for oil demand. And then also when you think about oil demand, it doesn't go one-for-one with the food demand. So, that's been pretty resilient on the food side. And then with the lower price, we've seen some improvement on the energy demand as well. And then lastly, as I was talking about on the tropical side, we've definitely been a benefit of the tighter cocoa butter supply with our cocoa butter equivalents, and helping some of our customers solve problems on the supply side and/or lowering their cost for -- when they reformulate into our products. So, the team has been doing a great job, the technical team and the execution team, working with our customers as they're deal with a little bit of a challenging environment.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Palmer from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the question. I wanted to ask on capital allocation. Are you done with share repo until the Viterra transaction closes? Or might we see something sooner, just given the slightly extended timeline? And if not repo, what's kind of the use of the excess free cash flow? Would it just be for debt?
John Neppl: Thanks Tom, this is John. Yes, I think -- look, we're not going to probably commit to any share repurchases prior to Viterra close, mainly because we've got leverage commitments and targets that we want to hit going into the close process, because we're expecting a ratings upgrade relative to the -- is related to the transaction. But we are still very committed to that program and expect to execute that post close. We did give ourselves an 18-month window post close, but we'll obviously do what makes sense when it makes sense. And I would just add that with the announcement of sugar, we're hoping to close that maybe late this year. Certainly, proceeds from that will -- could play a meaningful role in the repurchase program, increasing it by some meaningful amount of that those proceeds.
Tom Palmer: Great. Thanks for the color there. And then I just wanted to ask on kind of capital plan for the next couple of years. You've got this multiyear CapEx cycle. I think we're getting a little bit longer in the tooth here in terms of price -- will start opening next year. Just any early thoughts on how to think about 2025 CapEx and how it might compare to what we're seeing this year? And again, this is -- I understand for Viterra--
John Neppl: Yes. So, our range -- I think we're going to be at the high end of our range this year. It could be a little bit above the $1.4 billion, depending on how things play out here toward the end of the year on bigger CapEx expenditures. But we do expect next year to be up from that, probably closer to the $2 billion range, $1.9 billion to $2 billion, just given all of these projects are going to really be in full swing in terms of development. Then -- and we should make great progress next year on getting those close to commissioning. But commissioning will really be probably in 2026 on the four major projects that we're working on today, but we'll see a significant drop off. Probably as of today, absent any other opportunities coming along, we do expect CapEx to drop potentially up to 50%. This is all excluding Viterra, but we could see a 50% drop in CapEx in 2026 versus 2025.
Tom Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Manav Gupta: Good morning. My first question is, since the time you announced the Viterra transaction, until now, there has been some financials reported by Viterra. And I'm just trying to understand if those numbers that were reported met your expectations or maybe even exceeded the expectations.
Greg Heckman: Yes. As you know, we've got to run the companies separately until close. So, the Viterra team, I think, continues to do a very good job in running their business. Definitely got the extra strain, as anyone does, of the integration planning as well as all the work being done on the regulatory side. And we're doing that all during a pretty challenging environment. But it's a great platform, the engagement that we have had with their people. We continue to just be very impressed by the quality of their people and the capabilities, and their ability to really step-up with the challenges of all the work that's being done. So, we continue to feel very good about the transaction and really look forward to the future.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up is the divestment of the Non-core business. It had been marked for non-core for some time. So, how did this particular deal can come about? And were you happy with the transaction price?
Greg Heckman: Yes, I'll start and John can finish. But look, we -- very early on when we got here and we're able to put sugar into the joint venture with BP, declared then that we would eventually exit the business when we thought that was the right time for our shareholders and for the stakeholders. And in the meantime BP and ourselves supported that team, which did a fantastic job of really improving that business with the combination that we did there and really becoming an industry leader. And we're very proud of that, but that didn't change our long-term strategy. And so when the timing was right and the values lined up, than we've done the second part of that transaction and to exit. So, we do look to -- as John said, we look forward to closing that transaction hopefully later this year, and releasing those resources, not only the capital but even some of our folks that are focused there in supporting the JV.
John Neppl: And Manav, I'd just add that, yes, we were pretty happy with where we end up from a value standpoint.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Haynes from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Steven Haynes: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to ask a quick one on farmer selling. You alluded, I think, before you -- the idea that it might be a source of upside going forward. I was just hoping maybe you could put it in a little bit of a broader context of like where you think we are in the evolution of farmer selling slowing down through the course of the year. I guess what kind of gives you confidence that it's not going to be kind of a more prolonged slow farmer selling cycle, like we might have seen in some past down-cycles? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Sure. I think if you look at the overall setup, we've been making that transition, right, to a lower price environment. I think the producers are getting used to that. At the same time, as we said, they've definitely built some inventories, and then as the next crops get produced, right? Much bigger crop in Argentina. We still got to develop the crop here in North America, but the weather looks good. And I think as you see that North American crop develop, we'll see some more farmer marketing there. And then as we also know, South American farmers are often watching North American price development and what's happening in the futures market to drive some of those. Currency is still a driver, of course, in Brazil and mostly in Argentina, where the farmers are watching the government very closely for what their policy action will be and any FX activity. So, I think it's all unfolding kind of as would be expected. And what I feel good about is the team remains very focused on executing and ensuring that we manage the risk that's appropriate for the environment that we're in. And pretty proud of how we're executing.
Steven Haynes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Strelzik from BMO. Please go ahead with your question.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. You talked about the inverted curves. And so I was curious, are there internal levers you can pull in an environment where U.S. crush margins get more challenged across operations or, I guess, growth CapEx would probably be more delayed? But any other levers that we should think about that you might have at your disposal as the environment plays out potentially in that inverted way?
Greg Heckman: I would just say, I mean, the one thing that we've seen in the last five years -- all the different things have been thrown at us, we love that we're running a very global platform because we would be over-weighted in one region versus another, this would have been much more challenging. And I don't think that's going to change going forward. So, the optionality and the flexibility that we have in our system to run hardest where the margins are there and to be able to react to whether it's farmer selling or whether it's demand. And then I think the change that we've made in the company and the operating model has allowed the execution and discipline to be much better, which is really key when you get in these tougher markets. So, the team is doing a great job staying focused on the things that we can control as the market develops. And I've got the confidence that as we see the balance of the year play out, that we'll get those opportunities to the bottom-line.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay, that's helpful. And then I guess kind of related to that, as you've gotten a little bit farther out from the really elevated crush margin environment, I know there's been obviously some recent strength, but are you better able to decouple the internal events to the business from the last several years away from kind of the operating environment and the strength of that over the last couple of years? And do you think you've kind of appropriately captured that in the baseline assumptions? Or has your thinking evolved at all? Thanks.
Greg Heckman: I think, one, we're never done, right? We're constantly thinking about continuous improvement. So, whether it's the assets where that are getting the capital, whether it's the debottlenecking or the brownfields or the greenfields, but also thinking about over the long-term, what we believe in what assets may not fit the footprint. It's the investments we're making in our systems and digitalization, and some of the things in the crushing plants that are improvements in the metrics that are a multiyear program. So, I think it's just a very different company than we were in the way that we approach things. And so these are the times, as the markets kind of reset in these transitions, that you really find out how good you're executing. And so we're very, very pleased with the team that -- we're never focused. And we're doing it in a challenged external environment and while renewing an enormous amount of integration planning and providing an enormous amount of information on the regulatory front. So, really proud of the execution.
Andrew Strelzik: Thank you.
John Neppl: I would say, Andrew, that we still feel -- we set out an 850 [ph] baseline a couple of years ago and we're still performing above that, even in a little bit more challenged environment we're in this year. So, to Greg's point earlier, I think we're a different machine than we were. And I think it's -- we're going to be able to show that here despite a little bit more challenging environment. I think we're performing pretty well versus what we had set out as a baseline.
Andrew Strelzik: Great, absolutely. Thank you very much.
Operator: And our next question comes from Carla Casella from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Carla Casella: Hi. My question relates to financing. You got the question about the dividends and buybacks ahead of the Viterra transaction, but are you -- what are you thinking in terms of pre-financing that transaction and how much you may want to come to market for? Or would you wait--
John Neppl: Yes. We've already syndicated out the debt on that, and so we've got the commitments in place to finance the transaction itself. There is some obviously nuances that will take place around some of the Viterra bonds and things ahead of close, but we're pretty much set in terms of the initial allocation of financing and the commitments are all in place. There'll be some fine-tuning post close, I'm sure, but -- and then when we decide exactly how much we need. That could have an effect on the total amount, but it's all pretty much ready to go.
Carla Casella: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll be ending today's question and your session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to CEO, Greg Heckman, for any closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much. Thanks everybody for joining us today. And we'd just like to say we're really excited about the longer term here, bringing the post-close, and bringing Bunge and Viterra together. We're going to be a more complete company. And we're going to have more capabilities to serve our customers in what continues to be a more complex environment. With the population continuing to grow, load and per capita continuing to increase, climate volatility making things more challenging, and what looks like a policy environment to continues with more uncertainty. And customers that all want more transparent and sustainable feedstocks. So, we feel we're very well-positioned and uniquely focused on this space and we really look forward to the future. So, thanks for joining us. Have a great week.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call and presentation. We do thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to Bunge First Quarter 2024 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead. 
Ruth Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found at the Investor Center on our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations.
 Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. 
 On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg. 
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the team for delivering another quarter of strong results, which reflect continued focus and great execution. We're off to a good start in 2024 amid a more balanced market environment than we've experienced over the past few years.
 Our team's capabilities and our global platform, again demonstrated we can navigate shifts in supply and demand with agility and speed. Our focus remains on delivering great value to all stakeholders while investing to strengthen our business so that we can provide customers with solutions not only today but over the longer term. We are making excellent progress on integration planning for our announced combination with Viterra. We're very pleased with how well the teams are working together, and our confidence in our ability to hit the ground running on day 1 has only strengthened as we've moved through the planning process. We still expect the transaction to close midyear, and we continue to engage with the relevant regulatory authorities as we work toward gaining the remaining approvals. 
 We progressed on other growth projects that will improve our ability to supply the renewable fuels market. We announced a strategic partnership with Repsol, a global multi-energy company in Spain, and we broke ground on our previously announced oilseed processing switch plant in Destrehan, Louisiana, with our joint venture partner, Chevron. We also successfully commissioned our state-of-the-art edible oil refinery in India, enabling us to more efficiently serve our food customers in a growing region.  
 Turning to our results. We delivered another solid quarter, driven by strong performance across our core businesses. We also saw good results in our noncore sugar joint venture. In addition, since we reported the fourth quarter,  we repurchased $400 million of Bunge shares, making meaningful progress against the repurchase plan we outlined following the announcement of the Viterra transaction.  
 Looking ahead to the rest of 2024, our visibility into the back half of the year remains limited, and many of the dynamics we discussed last quarter remain in place. We're continuing to manage the evolving supply-demand environment in markets around the world, demonstrating the benefit of the work we've done to strengthen our business. Based on what we see in the markets and the forward curves today, we are maintaining our guidance for full year adjusted EPS of approximately $9. 
 I'll now hand the call over to John to walk through our financial results and outlook in more detail, and then we'll close with some additional thoughts. John? 
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported first quarter earnings per share was $1.68 compared to $4.15 in the first quarter 2023. Our reported results included an unfavorable mark-to-market timing difference of $0.94 per share and a negative impact of $0.42 per share related to transaction and integration costs associated with our announced business combination with Viterra. Adjusted EPS was $3.04 in the quarter versus $3.26 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT was $719 million in the quarter versus $756 million last year.
 In Agribusiness, processing results of $411 million in the quarter were up slightly from last year, as higher results in Europe and Asia crush value chains were partially offset by lower results in North and South America. In merchandising, lower results were primarily driven by our global grains and oils value chains where higher volumes were more than offset by lower margins. Refined and Specialty Oils had a solid quarter, but down from a strong prior year. Higher results in Europe were more than offset by lower results in North America and Asia. Results in South America were in line with last year.
 In Milling, higher results were driven by South America, reflecting improved margins in milling operations and a more favorable origination market environment. Corporate and other improved from last year. The decrease in corporate expenses primarily reflected the timing of performance-based compensation. Higher other results are related to Bunge ventures in our captive insurance program. In our noncore Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture, higher sugar volumes and prices more than offset lower ethanol prices. 
 For the quarter, reported income tax expense was $117 million compared to $183 million in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower pretax income. The higher effective tax rate of approximately 32% in the quarter reflected a discrete tax adjustment related to the Argentine peso devaluation. As a result, we have increased slightly the midpoint of the range of our estimated annual effective tax rate.
 Net interest expense of $66 million in the quarter was down slightly compared to last year due primarily to average debt levels.
 Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT trends over the past 4 years, along with the trailing 12 months. The strong performance reflects our team's continued excellent execution while also delivering on a variety of initiatives to position the company for long-term growth.  
 Slide 7 details our capital allocation. In the first quarter, we generated $514 million of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $101 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety,  we had $413 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $95 million in dividends, invested $135 million in growth in productivity-related CapEx and repurchased $400 million of Bunge shares, achieving our commitment to repurchase $1 billion of shares prior to the closing of our announced combination with Viterra. This resulted in the use of $217 million of previously retained cash flow.  
 Moving to Slide 8. At quarter end Readily Marketable Inventory, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $4 billion. Our adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 0.1x at the end of the first quarter.
 Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter end, we had committed credit facilities of approximately $8.7 billion, which includes $3 billion that will become available to draw upon at the close of the Viterra transaction. Of the $5.7 billion available to us currently, all was unused at quarter end, providing us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs. These amounts are in addition to $8 billion of term loan commitments that we have secured to fund the Viterra transaction. Further, as part of our capital structure planning, we recently doubled the size of our CP program from $1 billion to $2 billion.
 Please turn to Slide 10. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 17.7%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. ROIC was 13.9%, also well above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%.  
 Moving to Slide 11. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.9 billion and a cash flow yield of 16.9%.
 Please turn to Slide 12 and our 2024 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account first quarter results, the current margin environment of forward curves. We continue to expect full year 2024 adjusted EPS of approximately $9. Note that this forecast excludes any pending transactions that are expected to close during the year.
 In Agribusiness, full-year results are forecasted to be similar to our previous outlook and down from last year, primarily due to lower results in processing where margins remain compressed in most regions.
 In Refined and Specialty Oils, full-year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook and down from the record prior year, reflecting a shift in supply environment, particularly in the U.S. In Milling, full-year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook and up from last year. And corporate and other, full-year results are expected to be similar to our previous outlook and up from last year.  
 In noncore, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with our previous outlook and significantly down from last year, reflecting lower Brazil ethanol prices.
 Additionally, the company expects a following for 2024, an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 22% to 25%, net interest expense in the range of $280 million to $310 million, which is down from our previous expectation of $300 million to $330 million; capital expenditures in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion; and depreciation and amortization of approximately $450 million.  
 With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments. 
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. As we look ahead, we remain confident in our team's ability to capture opportunities as we work to find solutions allow us to even better serve the needs of customers at both ends of the value chain, farmers and in consumers.
 We're proud of the work we've done to strategically position our business with the increased efficiency of our global platform. Our combination with Viterra will help us further accelerate our diversification across customers, assets, geographies and crops, providing us with more optionality to help address the world's food security needs.
 This combination will also enhance our role as a bridge between growers and end consumers to adapt and prioritize new sustainability practices that produce low CI products while bringing value back to the farm. For example, we recently announced a $20 million investment in Brazil to more than double our regenerative ag program to 600,000 hectares. The investment would be used to pay premiums to farmers and will also finance the provision of free technical assistance, precision agricultural tools and measurement technologies that help producers adopt techniques to reduce emissions.
 In the Southern U.S., we also successfully established a commercial pilot of winter canola hybrids in partnership with Chevron and Corteva Agriscience. These crops have environmental and soil health benefits similar to cover crops and can be an additional source of revenue for growers, also helping meet sustainability requirements of our end customers.
 We're committed to significantly growing the program for the 2025 harvest season. I continue to be impressed by the innovation, collaboration and commitment of the Bunge team as we work together to deliver on our critical mission to provide essential food, feed and fuel to the world.  
 And with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: So Greg, John, I guess, first question, just thinking about the first quarter results in the context of the full year and an unchanged outlook. Would you characterize the forward kind of environment for the balance of the year is actually weaker than what you had been looking at 3 months ago? Or would you just view this as a just appropriate level of conservatism given limited forward book and kind of where the curve sits today? And kind of with that, can you just maybe give us your view on oilseed processing margins just around the world as you see them today? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. No, we really don't see it differently. What we talked about last time, of course, when we talked about the approximately 9 for the year was really kind of seeing it 50-50 between first half and second half, which we continue to see. What we did see was a little stronger Q1 and some of that will come out of Q2. So Q2 will be a little bit softer, but we still see the halves is about 50-50 and still see the year the same at approximately 9.
 And then as far as current crush as you kind of walk around the world, if you look at soy, the setup right now, farmers of course, are responding to lower prices as we get more in balance on supply and demand. They responded to those lower prices by being pretty stubborn about selling. So you've got higher farmer retention. And that's kind of what happens as you transition from multi-years at higher prices. 
 So the market has gone to very spot, not only for the farmers on selling, but the buyers, right? The buyers of the finished products have now been paid to wait to buy in the spot as prices have moved lower. And the other transition that, of course, we're seeing is you've got a supply chain that really the stresses off of. So as people pull down inventories as they're not really holding those safety inventories anymore.
 So Brazil and Europe have recently improved as we came through Brazil harvest and saw a lot of origination and with the little pushes of origination, we have seen improve have been around FX change and the pace of harvest at the end there in Brazil. So that did help Brazil and Europe.
 Argentina, we are expecting those margins to pick up later in the year. They've been a little better here as we got started on harvest, but that will really be as the producer watches the government, what happens as far as the valuation in Argentina and then any other government programs, and as we see the farmer marketing is there, that will be the key on the margins.
 U.S. has been okay in the nearby. The curves definitely are weaker into Q2 and 3 and then kind of as usual, expecting new crop Q4 the curves get better.
 And then China, crush margins continue to be volatile, kind of similar story you heard last year. Spot has held up okay but very, very low price discovery forward. So the team has been doing a nice job of managing through that.
 And then while soy seeds are down versus last year, but they're still good in Europe and in North America, and that's really led by the strong oil leg and pretty good supply of seeds. So that's kind of how we see things sitting up right now. 
Adam Samuelson: If I can just pick up on that last point on the oil leg. And I'd just love to get your view on renewable diesel demand for vegetable oils and feedstock versus other waste fats and oils. It does seem like supply a waste fat in particular, out of Asia have been accelerating pretty meaningfully. How are you looking at RD feedstock demand kind of over the balance of the year? And how -- does that start to transition to '25 with the implementation of the 45C credit in the U.S. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. And I might start at a slightly higher level on the oil. If you look at palm, some of the benefit on the strength in the soft oil is coming. Palm from a supply has really been flat. And so that growth in palm supply has stopped while domestic demand has continued to grow. So the exportable volumes of palm have been going down globally. So that from a high level is some of the support for oil.
 And then to get more specific to your question around the S&D in North America, yes, it has not been quite as tight in North America as we've seen the low CI feedstocks and primarily UCO, be imported into the U.S. So One of the things that we did talk about in the past is we believe that there was enough supply for the food market as well as the fuel market and that the market would do its work by adding capacity and importing palm to go into food as we saw switching as well as seeing other low CI feedstocks and UCOB imported.
 So I think we've seen that and you've seen while we're continuing to process record amount of vegetable oils into the fuel market, we've seen it a little softer as the RD margins are not as good and the big influx of the UCO. So we've got 1.4 billion gallons coming online here in '24. So we're still on track to have 5 billion gallons in '25. We've got one new plant up and running. We're expecting another plant to come up in Q2 on RD and then another plant in Q4. So there is demand coming here later in the year. 
John Neppl: Adam, I just say -- this is John. In terms of 45C, things are still in process there. I think we're optimistic that veg oil will certainly have a meaningful role going forward. But there's still a few things under -- as you know, under review. So we're like everyone watching that closely. And I think the logical follow-on to that will be would RVO levels get reset in the future because, clearly, the industry is found ample supply for RD and BD and ultimately [ SA ]. So we're hopeful that the EPA sees that as well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. 
Ben Bienvenu: I want to follow up on Adam's question around the guidance and focus on kind of the level of visibility that you expect to have through the year. Recognizing we're in a more balanced market environment, is the byproduct of that, that visibility is inherently reduced through all points of the year? Or are there key milestones and triggers as we move through the year that might enhance your visibility into the back half of the year? And if so, maybe give us some insight into what those things are and when you expect to have that visibility? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You're correct. There's definitely less visibility into this year than we've had for a couple of years. So not much at all kind of beyond 3 months. I think that will change as we see the farmer behavior as things kind of sort out and send the signals, whether that's the progress of the North American crop that then changes the marketing behaviors of the farmer here in North America as they think about that next crop coming off and rolling their stocks and from a marketing.
 As we see the safrinha crop come off in Brazil, and again, farmer making decisions about what they're storing, what they're moving, the logistical challenges in coordination in Brazil. And then in Argentina, it will be the producer who's been marketing the corn and holding the soybeans, which is pretty historical in Argentina. You've got new regime in place there in the government, so the way you see what government programs and if there's valuation.
 So it will be an interesting year. It definitely is a year of transition of the markets as they get more in balance on the supply and demand. And the other -- the end consumer, right, as well. You continue to see the consumer, what we hear from our customers to trade down to private label and store brands from the brands. And then we're finally seeing a little less traffic in foodservice, where they've been more of a switch to QSR and seeing that slow down a little bit and finally seeing a shift back to eating at home.
 So everyone's kind of finding their way here on the supply and demand side. But it feels like we're starting to get it sorted out and we'll see how these crops, finish getting harvested in the southern hemisphere and how we get the crop planted and how it progresses in the Northern Hemisphere. 
Ben Bienvenu: Very good. Makes sense. John, you made a lot of progress on the share repurchase program, $400 million of stock repurchased during 1Q, $1 billion in the last 3 quarters. I believe your goal was to repurchase half of the $2 billion of stock to expected to repurchase by middle of 2024. Given that you're ahead of schedule of it, does that mean we pull forward the timing of the $2 billion repurchase or we pause here in the short term? What's your expectation to the best you can communicate around cadence of the remaining buyback activity? 
John Neppl: Yes. It's going to really depend a little bit on how things progress on the Viterra transaction and timing around that. But I think it's possible we could pull some of that forward. I think it's hard to commit to that today because with the close of the deal, as you know, we've got target leverage ratios we'd like to make sure we hit at the close of that transaction. And we've got other projects in play today as well, not only CapEx, but as you know, we've always got a pipeline of M&A stuff going on.
 So we'll watch it closely. It's an important part of the allocation, and we'll keep looking for opportunities here as we go forward, whether it's before or after the close of this transaction. 
Operator: The next question comes from Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. 
Salvator Tiano: So firstly, I wanted to ask about Canada, I guess, announcement yesterday about their view that the transaction of Viterra would be anticompetitive. I think they said negative for procurement on the west side of Western Canada and anticompetitive on the Eastern side on the production of canola oil and meal. So given their -- I guess, their view, can you talk a little bit firstly about what are the milestones here? And what could be -- how do this impact the transaction's timeline?
 And also, what are the potential outcomes to resolve these issues? Is there a chance that you may have -- you can get away with divesting nothing? Or do you have to negotiate with them and provide some remedies? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I might start kind of at a higher level, we are pleased with the progress we're making. I mean if you look, we got to file in a little 40 jurisdictions and 28 of those have issued unconditional clearances at this point. Of the remaining 13, of course, we've got some of the big ones, U.S., Canada, Brazil, China and the EU. If you remember, Argentina is post-closing review. So while overall, we don't know exactly when we'll get the green light, but we sure haven't seen anything that indicates any material risk to the economics of the deal. 
 From a Canada specific, look, it's good that, that step of the regulatory process is completed and that the Competition Bureau Report as you look through it, the good news in there is they had no concerns with much of what we're doing on the grain purchasing side, the meal sales at ports, the majority of our refined and special oil product sales. So on where there were concerns and topics raised, we look forward to discussing those in greater detail, and we'll be happy to engage as we have been with all the regulators as they raise concerns.
 So when you boil it down, at the end of the day, this transaction is good for Canada, right? Will be more efficient and resilient throughout all of our supply chains.  Markets aren't getting any easier. We'll continue to maintain Canadian leadership in ag and food, and we'll be able to increase our capacity to invest and continue to provide thousands of Canadians with good jobs. So feel good about where we're at, and it's just -- it's -- we don't really see any need for remedies in Canada. It would be too early to speculate on that, but we look forward to engage on the details. 
Salvator Tiano: Okay. Perfect. And I also wanted to ask about the cover crops. You mentioned that the trial this winter went very well. I'm just wondering, at which point do you think you can start commercializing these products and actually start seeing some benefit to the bottom line? And what's kind of the thinking with regard to the economics, like how could this type of products be monetized? 
Gregory Heckman: You broke up right at the beginning. Was the question on winter canola? 
Salvator Tiano: Yes, exactly. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Look, we were in the trial phase, running the pilots on winter canola, and we've been very pleased with the producer reaction. We've been pleased with the production and the performance of the winter canola. And so the plan now will be to scale that up in the coming campaign. And as we get visibility to the uptake by the producer and our ability to scale that up, then we'll eventually get to the point to be able to talk about any, any impact to the financials, but it's a little bit early for that.
 And winter canola and the cover crops, I might add, those, of course, we're building those programs towards -- to serve Destrehan and our expansion there in the Gulf. So that's a little bit off in the future as well. So we've got a little bit of time as we build that capacity. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. 
Steven Haynes: Earlier, we kind of talked a bit about the oil side of the equation. I was just wondering if we could come back to the meal side of it. There's some more crush capacity coming in the U.S. this year as your comments before, Argentina potentially kind of a bit more of a factor in the global market. So how are you thinking about both kind of domestic inclusion and export opportunity for meal in the second half? 
Gregory Heckman: No. Thank you. So far here in '24, soybean, meal demand appears pretty good. I mean the lower prices are doing their work. And I think you called it out there, seeing a higher inclusion. The other thing it feels like profitability for the animal segment has bottomed, and as profitability gets better, we probably expect some expansion there. Right now, global animal numbers are stable. When you look at pork and poultry together, they're roughly flat, with poultry up maybe a little and pork down a little bit. And then if you look globally, the hog margins really are up in all regions except China and the poultry margins are better.
 So I feel like the meal demand is okay there. You talk about Argentina, of course, last year, the rest of the world had to make up for Argentina when it didn't run as that crops harvested and the farmer starts to sell and liquidate the crop. We expect to run harder in Argentina this year, and so it will perform better, and that may come at the expense of some other areas, which could possibly be in Europe. So there will be some trade-offs. 
 But I think that's what we've shown in the last few years is that's the beauty of our global platform is that we can adjust and maximize where the margins are as we run our system and serve our customers. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Palmer with Citi. 
Thomas Palmer: I wanted to just ask on the second quarter, you did note maybe a little bit of incremental softness. Just what's driving that, in particular? Is it certain segments we should be thinking about or certain regions where maybe it's come down a bit? 
John Neppl: Yes, Tom, this is John. If you look at the -- when we cadence the quarter, it's kind of 60%, 40% for the first half. We ended up a little bit more tilted toward Q1 versus Q2. But largely, the makeup of the quarter hasn't really changed so much in total. And even by segment, it's been more timing. And so where we saw a little bit of over-delivery in Q1 across merchandising and processing. We're seeing a little bit of softness in Q2 in those 2 items. So really more of a view on some of that was timing. It's always hard to predict that.
 But we'll see a little bit -- based on our current forecast, we'll see a little bit down in processing, merchandising, in Q2 versus Q1. I think everything else will hold fairly steady. And there's still time here. We're only really right at the end of April. So we've got a couple of months here yet to see how things shake out. 
Thomas Palmer: Understood. And then maybe we could just kind of shift over to 4Q where you do expect a little bit of an uptick, consistent with a quarter ago. What's really driving that? Is there visibility at this point that really guides that? And then is there any read through, I guess, of that as maybe the environment being improved in later this year that kind of pulls into '25? 
Gregory Heckman: A couple of things on Q4, of course, historically in North America. If you look at where our planted acres are, you assume that soybean crop gets grown, you've got new crop coming off. And also with the amount of stock that U.S. producers carrying, the marketing coming up as close to that new crop being harvested and then the new crop harvest.
 And then the other, like we talked about the like UCO has put pressure on the oil market here in North America with those imports. That's not as economical at this point, while at the same time, you've got another plant coming up on the RD side in Q2 and then another plant in Q4. So you kind of feel like that could be constructive for oil demand as we get out there in Q4. 
 And then we talked a little bit earlier about just globally overall with palm fairly tight. That's what's been supported for oils globally, the SMEs are pretty tight everywhere outside of North America and especially with the pull on the soft oils. 
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. 
Heather Jones: I want to stick with oil demand. So Greg, you mentioned about the Chinese UCO. And yes, it seems like that [ arb ] is closed? And also you have soybean oil that seems to be trading at a unusually -- just out of whack relative to historical values relative to palm oil and canola and the animal fats. And so just wondering if you think there is an opportunity for soy to price itself back into food rations or will that take a longer period? 
Gregory Heckman: No, I think one of the things that we have seen from our food customers is as prices have come back, the programs we're working on with them are really driven around driving volume now, whether it's new products or product enhancements. So whereas we saw when we had kind of the inflationary, all the projects were really focused around cost reduction, they're now looking at driving volume.
 The other thing is with the profitability on the animal side, we may see more of that come back into the feed rations as well. So we think we could -- the one thing historically we know, lower prices are generally good for demand. I think you're on the right track. It's how quick will we see it kick in, but I think we'll get some support from both the food and the feed markets. 
Heather Jones: Okay. And then I have a two-part question. So I was just wondering how you all are thinking about the full year. And like you noted, there's little visibility beyond 3 months. But when you're thinking about the full year, how are you thinking about the magnitude of Argentine crush for the year? And I asked because you mentioned that you think U.S. crush margins should be okay. I'm just wondering what you think, with Argentina come into the market with increased meal flows and then several new plants coming on in the next few months. Just wondering, do you think those margins are going to be lifted by the oil side? And just how you're thinking about how those all -- the interplay there? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think there'll be a little bit of a balance, right? Of course, we've put all this in our outlook currently. But some of what we talked earlier with animal profitability, a little bit of an uptake on the meal demand side from some expansion on the animal side. And then we've got on the oil side, we talked about palm situation from a tightness, some demand growth on feed and food side from the lower price.  And then RD continuing to come on. And then the other is seeing whether these other low CI feedstocks at what pace they can continue to be competitive.
 We don't know if some of that was where their stocks being pulled down and they really can't compete at the same pace, or the other thing is, remember, the big picture is that everyone's trying to take carbon out of their liquid fuels supply chain globally. There are projects going on kind of around globally. So some of the low CI feedstocks that have been moving around the globe as projects get developed, then demand develops in country or in continent. So these flows are constantly changing. So we do expect it to be -- continue to be pretty dynamic on the oil side, and we're really glad we're operating from a global footprint, both on meal and oil. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. 
Benjamin Theurer: Greg, John. Just wanted to follow up on just other capital allocation. I mean, obviously, we have the Viterra pending, but I know you have a bunch of other projects pending in terms of growth investments, productivity increase, et cetera. Can you update us as to for the CapEx for this year, which still seems obviously somewhat elevated. What are like some of the projects you have out there? And when do you think they're going to be playing a relevant role as the contribution to the current results. So just around that framework. That would be my first question. 
John Neppl: Sure. Yes. And so Ben, as you know, we've got a number of projects, obviously, going on globally. Greg mentioned the Krishna plant, which is a relatively small one that was commissioned here recently. But in addition to the Destrehan plant expansion that we announced a groundbreaking finally on that a few weeks ago. We've got the other ones that we've mentioned, Morristown SPC plant in Morristown, Indiana underway. Of course, our greenfield oil, specialty oils plant in the Netherlands in Rotterdam, or in Amsterdam, specifically that's underway. And barge unloading expansion in the port in Destrehan, that's going to complement the expansion at Destrehan at the facility.
 Those are -- and then, of course, recently, we had the Avondale plant acquisition that we're also working on an expansion project there. So those are some of the bigger things on the CapEx side because all of those are really underway other than the completion of Krishna. The rest of those really are in process. And Avondale expansion will probably come online a little sooner, but the rest of those are really -- we're talking really 2026 before those are commissioned. 
 Those are all multiyear builds. And so we're still very optimistic about the progress there. They're all on track and things are looking good, but it is going to be probably late '26 before those are up and running. And then, of course, we have CJ Selecta sitting out there on the M&A side that we announced previously that we're hoping to close yet later this year. Whether that happens before or after the Viterra deal is yet to be seen, but that's progressing as well. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. Very clear. And then my second question, within Agribusiness merchandising, how do you think about the cadence of merchandising, because it feels like it was a little softer into the back half of last year and kind of stabilized now into 1Q actually improved sequentially.
 So as we think about it and the onset within your guidance of Agribusiness being down and you said predominantly driven by the processing side, is it fair to assume that like the annual kind of cadence and what you have at like 1Q that would nicely get you to more or less the same levels of last year within merchandising. Is that a good way to think about it? Is this more stable now? Or what are the puts and takes to that business? 
John Neppl: Yes, that's always a tough one. But I -- right now, I'd say we're expecting to be fairly on track with where we were a year ago in merchandising in total. We were off to, as you pointed out, a sequentially good start versus Q3, Q4 of last year. Right now, we're -- we've pulled some of that forward from Q2, so we still call the first half, I'll say, relatively modest, but a good start. And we'll see. We've got a couple of months here to go, so there's always opportunity. 
 And then the second half of the year, we feel like there should be some opportunity out there. I don't think we're at all overly aggressive in our view for the year. It's pretty -- like I said, it's pretty consistent with the year ago. It's just going to be timing quarter-to-quarter. 
Operator: The next question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. 
Andrew Strelzik: I know we've talked a lot about the soybean oil side, but I just wanted to go back to that one more time. And I guess I'm just trying to think about outlets from a demand perspective, given the market seems to be -- investors seem to be a little bit concerned about inclusion in renewable diesel as a feedstock moving forward.
 So I guess my question is more on the export side. Do you see the opportunity for the U.S. to become a more meaningful soybean oil exporter later this year? You talked about the tightness on vegetable oils globally outside the U.S. So do you view that as an opportunity with as South America comes from more online? Or any other outlets from a demand perspective globally as we think about soybean oil supply demand? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. The U.S. does have the ability to switch quickly. I mean if you think about it, prior to RD, we held the residual stocks for the world, and we're there to export as the world needed it and called on oil from the U.S. And then as we were building capacity on the crush side as well as building capacity to import other oils and other low CI feedstocks, right? We pulled stocks down and then drove imports into North America. So I think when you think about the U.S., it will continue to be probably the most dynamic on the oil side to help balance things globally. 
 So again, glad we're operating from a global platform and are able to see those different shifts and be able to respond to help serve our customers and balance our crush margins depending on where we're going to run to maximize those. But should be, should be a pretty dynamic year. And then, of course, we continue to see strong demand in India. I don't think I mentioned that, but that's one of the other keys on the oil side as well. 
Andrew Strelzik: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then I guess I just wanted to ask about the crush capacity expansions that have been announced over the last several years. Obviously, when those announcements were made, for a number of players, the margin environment was much stronger.
 So I guess, do you see risk that some of those plants don't get built as the margin environment has gotten a little bit more compressed, not so much for folks like yourself that have the end market demand built in. But I guess I'm just curious if you're hearing that or if you think there is risk that some of those, that capacity doesn't ever come online? 
Gregory Heckman: Look, I -- when I look at it through our lens, I mean, things definitely got more expensive to build for a period of time, and that's why we slowed down our Destrehan project. Did the work and we're patient to get the cost down before we did build that.
 Now we're building a switch plant. We're building it at a port to help drive export economics on the meal side. We're at a port and in a location where we can receive domestic oil seeds, whether that's going to be -- and being a switch plant, whether it's going to be soy or whether that's going to be winter canola or whether that's going to be a cover crop as we develop things like cover crest or if it makes sense to import seeds. We're at the port and have the ability to do that. We're also doing it at a brownfield site, so we have lower costs, and we're plugging it into our global network.
 Now I will tell you we are really glad that we are doing that. So personally, I wouldn't want to be a stand-alone plant or building a stand-alone plant today just as an investor. We like where our position is. And I guess what we're doing is being very thoughtful where we put capital in the ground that's going to exist for decades is that we're putting it in a place that continues to improve our global footprint for our cost position for the long term. 
John Neppl: Andrew, maybe I'd just add there that as you could imagine, we watch this fairly closely. And those projects that were well underway are going to continue and get completed, but really, anything that was -- that is proposed or early stages, we've seen a number of those put on hold, at least for now. And I think the expectation on our part would be that with where we are today in the margin environment that those things would probably not get done unless things change. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks. 
Gregory Heckman: I just like to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest in Bunge. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. So have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-07 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Global SA Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. 
 I would like now to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead. 
Ruth Wisener: Thank you, Maria, and thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investor Center on our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. 
 I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. 
 Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors.
 On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Greg. 
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. 2023 was a significant year for Bunge with both our continued strong financial performance and progress on our long-term strategy. I want to thank the team for their exceptional execution on our day-to-day business while also focusing on key projects for the future. 
 First and foremost, we announced our pending combination with Viterra to create a premier Agribusiness solutions company. We received overwhelming shareholder approval and our team has been hard at work planning for successful integration when we close the transaction, which we expect to occur later this year. 
 We continue engaging with relevant authorities in countries around the world as we make progress on regulatory approvals. In addition to the Viterra transaction, we announced the planned acquisition of CJ Selecta, a leading fully integrated manufacturer and exporter of soy-based products in Brazil. We broke ground on our soy protein concentrate plant in Morristown, Indiana, with construction on track for a 2025 commissioning. 
 We also completed the acquisition of a state-of-the-art oil refinery in Avondale, Louisiana. This facility, which has multi-oil capabilities, builds on our ability to provide value-added oils to our food customers in North America, and is already exceeding our initial performance expectations.
 And in the next few months, we'll be commissioning our new multi-oil refining and packaging plant in India. These growth initiatives will enable us to meet rising demand for plant-based food and feed ingredients. Investments to enhance our existing footprint are also paying off an improved overall performance. 
 Our team continued to execute on planned capital projects, which when combined with our focus on operational excellence, enabled us to reduce oilseed processing unplanned downtime to a historic low, making better use of our capacity directly hits the bottom line. These investments were also made with an eye towards advancing our work in sustainability. Running our plants more efficiently improves our performance against our science-based targets, and we're committed to continuous improvement of our operations while expanding regenerative agricultural programs and engaging with the industry to do our part to reduce carbon emissions across the entire supply chain.
 We're proud of our team's many accomplishments in 2023, a year in which Bunge was selected to be part of the S&P 500, a landmark moment for our company and reflective of the work we've accomplished to transform our business over the last several years. 
 Looking at the fourth quarter specifically, we delivered strong adjusted EBIT driven by record results in processing and improved results in milling. During the quarter, we continue to return capital to shareholders through stock repurchases and dividends. 
 Looking ahead, as we've been reminded over the past few years, the only constant is change. Each year brings its own set of challenges and opportunities, and the team has shown we can navigate with agility and speed. Based on the current margin environment and forward curves, the market dynamic in 2024 looks to be different than what we experienced in 2023. And as often the case, forward visibility is limited at this point in the year. For the full year, we expect to generate adjusted EPS of approximately $9. John will go through our forecast in more detail. 
 I want to reiterate that the work we've done to transform Bunge has created a company better equipped to operate in any market environment. And with the combination of Bunge and Viterra, we'll continue to improve our global platform making it more efficient and resilient, allowing us to better serve our customers at both ends of the value chain. 
 I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through our financial results and outlook in more detail and I'll then close with some additional thoughts. John? 
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported fourth quarter earnings per share was $4.18 compared to $2.21 in the fourth quarter of 2022. Our reported results included a positive mark-to-market timing difference of $1.08 per share and a negative impact of $0.60 per share primarily related to acquisition and integration costs associated with our announced business combination with Viterra as well as a fixed asset impairment charge. 
 Adjusted EPS was $3.70 in the fourth quarter versus $3.24 in the prior year. Full year 2023 earnings per share was $14.87 versus $10.51 in 2022. Adjusted full year EPS was $13.66 versus a record $13.91 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $881 million in the quarter versus $804 million last year. Agribusiness had a strong close to the year. Processing results in the quarter were up $132 million, primarily related to South America, Europe and Canada, more than offsetting lower results in the U.S., which had a difficult comparison to a particularly strong prior year. 
 Results in Asia were comparable to last year. In Merchandising, results in the quarter were down in all businesses, reflecting lower volatility. Refined and Specialty oils finished a record year with strong fourth quarter results of $212 million. 
 Performance for the quarter was down slightly from last year as higher results in North and South America were more than offset by lower results in Europe and Asia. In Milling, improved results in the quarter were primarily driven by our South American operations, reflecting higher margins due to the combination of lower wheat costs and a more favorable pricing environment. Results in U.S. corn milling also improved. 
 Corporate and Other improved from last year. Higher corporate expenses related to investments and growth initiatives were more than offset by positive results in our captive insurance program and Bunge Ventures. 
 In our non-core Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture, results were lower as higher sugar prices were more than offset by lower ethanol prices. For the quarter, reported income tax expense is $219 million compared to $131 million for the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher pre-tax income and geographic earnings mix. 
 Adjusting for notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, the full year adjusted effective income tax rate was 23% compared to 17% for the prior year. Net interest expense of $115 million in the quarter was up compared to last year, primarily due to higher interest rates. Also impacting the quarter were foreign currency borrowings in certain countries where interest rates were high. However, the incrementally higher borrowing costs were offset with currency hedges reported within EBIT. 
 Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our EPS and EBIT trends adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past 5 years. The strong performance reflects our team's continued excellent execution in a favorable operating environment, while also delivering on a variety of initiatives to position the company for long-term growth. 
 Slide 7 details our capital allocation. In 2023, we generated approximately $2.5 billion of adjusted funds from operations, which was up by approximately $110 million versus '22's record performance. After allocating $488 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety, we had approximately $2 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $383 million in common dividends, invested $634 million in growth in productivity related CapEx, which is up significantly from $249 million last year, and repurchased $600 million of Bunge shares, leaving $361 million of retained cash flow for the year. 
 Moving to Slide 8. We finished 2023 with a total CapEx spend of approximately $1.1 billion and expect to invest $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion in 2024. Our sustaining CapEx has been higher, reflecting post-pandemic catch-up and increased investments in operational and reliability where we're already seeing the benefits through reduced unplanned downtime. Also, our discretionary spend is up due to executing on our pipeline of growth projects, many of which are multiyear investments. We expect continued elevated spend in 2025 as we complete these projects. 
 As shown on Slide 9, at year-end Readily Marketable Inventory, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $3.5 billion. This reflects our use of retained cash flow to fund working capital while reducing debt. Our adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 0.2x at the end of the fourth quarter. 
 Slide 10 highlights our liquidity position. At year-end, all $5.7 billion of our committed credit facilities was unused and available. This provides us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs. 
 Please turn to Slide 11. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 18.4%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. ROIC was 14.3%, also well above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%. 
 Moving to Slide 12. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $2 billion and a cash flow yield of 18.2%. 
 Please turn to Slide 13 and our 2024 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the current margin environment and forward curves, we expect full year 2024 adjusted EPS of approximately $9. Note that this forecast excludes any pending acquisitions that are expected to close during the year. 
 In Agribusiness, full year results were forecasted to be down from last year's record performance, primarily due to lower results in processing where margins have compressed in most regions. Results in merchandising are forecasted to be down slightly from last year. In Refined and Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be down from the record prior year, reflecting an environment of increased supply, particularly in the U.S. In Milling, full year results are expected to be up from last year. And in Corporate and Other full year results were also expected to be up from last year. In Non-core, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be down considerably from last year reflecting lower Brazilian ethanol prices.
 Additionally, the company expects the following for 2024: An adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 25%; net interest expense in the range of $300 million to $330 million; capital expenditures in the range of $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion; and depreciation and amortization of approximately $450 million. 
 With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments. 
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. So we're proud of the work we've done to optimize our business, and we're always looking for ways to drive continuous improvement. We've got a clear set of priorities, continue that work in 2024 and we're confident that we'll end the year as an even stronger Bunge. 
 We're making great progress towards closing our combination with Viterra, which will increase diversification across assets, geographies, and crops, providing us with more optionality and capability to serve customers. And we continue to invest in our people and global infrastructure. Through effective training and proper tools, we can safely and reliably meet our customers' needs. We're also working on a number of initiatives to best equip our team for the future, including strengthening our digital capabilities. We're making these investments to meet the longer-term demand growth for our products and services. And while always looking for opportunities to improve, we are well positioned to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed, and fuel to the world. 
 And with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens. 
Ben Bienvenu: Over the last several years, there's clearly been building tailwinds for the business. You've capitalized on it very nicely. As we get to this point in the cycle, some of those tailwinds certainly moderate as expressed in your guidance. And you noted, Greg, that as usual, but particularly now there's maybe a little bit less visibility into the business looking forward. If you can think through your business segments, can you help us understand where you feel like you have the most visibility versus the lease and some of the key things that you're focused on to maybe gain greater visibility for the year as we move through the year? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes, sure. Thanks, Ben. I think as usual, the first quarter is where we have the most visibility and then it starts to kind of reduce as we go out. Having the global platform, of course, is very helpful. And so as we look across crush today and as we said and we look at the curves and what they give us, they're all inverted with some pretty limited liquidity beyond Q1. And then, we're in that, what we do, have visibility to and you kind of think about history, we're in that transition as markets get a little more balanced on supply and demand, that producers generally don't like selling lower prices, and they've got room to storage. So you see a little bit generally reluctant selling as we transition from the farmer. 
 And then the end consumer, we see them having an incentive to wait. So they're becoming also more short purchased and buying in the spot as prices are balancing and the supply chain is not quite as tight. So, those are some of the key things that we'll watch that, of course, affect both crush and merch and our Refined and Specialty Oil, and Milling, altogether. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Very good. My second question is related to a similar dynamic as we kind of have shifting wins in the cycle, operationally, organizationally, tactically, you all have positioned the business to maximize earnings power as the cycle was accelerating to the upside over the last number of years. Externally, you've done a masterful job of managing expectations, and I think your track record of guiding conservatively as well established at this point. As we get to a slightly different backdrop, how does your focus internally change, if at all? 
 How do the changes that you've made historically positioned you to also maximize earnings power as we see more balanced supply/demand. And then how, if at all, does your external expectation management change in this sort of environment, if at all, versus what we've seen in the last several years? 
Gregory Heckman: Well, I just would start by saying the same things that we've been focused on really work in all environments. And I think we talked as we were going, we were always thinking about trying to build the company for the bottom of the cycle, which you hope you never experienced. But if we have that mindset and we have our costs in position to be the most efficient regardless of where you are in the cycle, that we have our business organized in our operating model to have the most nimble and agile and ability to react to whatever the external factors that we can't control in the market. And that we ensure that we have got our rewards systems in alignment with our stakeholders and with our investors and with our customers at both ends of the value chain that we're kind of -- we're going to operate the same on the things that we can control. 
 And I think we talked about it in the past, this -- you got to continue to think about it. This is a big feed, food, and fuel global infrastructure, right, to serve our customer. And we still have the billions of dollars of assets. We still got the tens of thousands of customers. We've still got the millions of tons of physical flows, and that's the embedded optionality that exists. And so while we don't control the markets, we do control how we manage day-to-day. So we stay focused on what we can control and then unlock that value as we're helping balance supply and demand across our businesses for our customers at both ends of the value chain. And that's just -- that's kind of maniacal focus every day. 
Operator: The next question is from Manav Gupta with UBS. 
Manav Gupta: Congrats on a very strong quarter. You came in well ahead of expectations. So congrats on that. My question here is it's more of a help if you could provide, you have a $9 guidance for 2024, which we think is conservative. But help us understand if Viterra does close on, let's say, July 1, then where could this $9 go based on the current environment? Whatever help you could provide would be highly appreciated. 
John Neppl: Sure, Manav. This is John. I think what we've communicated in the past, I think, our view is on Viterra close in 2024 will be mildly accretive to flat. In the first year, we've got a lot of synergy costs, a lot of integration costs to incur. And certainly for the first 6 to 12 months, there'll be a lot of work around integration and focus on that. I think we love the business, and I think the long term is outstanding, especially when you look at environment like we're going into. But I wouldn't expect a significant impact on the $9 in this year. 
Gregory Heckman: I might add, the 1 thing that we have spoken about is how the businesses are so different with us being much stronger in the processing and then much stronger on the origination, storage handling, and distribution. So if you do have a market that moves more into a contango or a carry that does benefit where you have more storage. So I think that when we talk about the diversification and the crops we handle and in the asset footprints and the geographies, that would be 1 of the things that we'd be thinking about depending on when we close and what the environment looks at when we talk about the outlook at those times. 
Manav Gupta: My quick follow-up here is it looks like the discretionary CapEx for 2024 is going -- probably going to be somewhere between $720 million to $840 million. Help us understand where this money is being spent, the kind of returns? And when do we start seeing these projects come online, so we can start giving you the benefit of earnings associated with this CapEx? 
John Neppl: Sure. Yes. So we embarked really the last year and the year before on some pretty large multiyear projects. And most of those things like are build-out with our Chevron joint venture, our plant in Amsterdam, our new oils plant are specialty proteins plant in Indiana. All those things are -- our plant in India. All of those things are have been multiyear -- well, India is coming on later this year. Most of those are still going to be in build-out phase through 2025. So we really expect them to start contributing in 2026. 
 And we target a mid-teens return on average on most of our projects. Some could be a little lower, some could be higher. So that's the CapEx side. And then certainly, on the M&A with -- as we announce CJ Selecta that we're hoping to close later this year, that 1 -- beauty of that 1 is it will be immediately accretive when we get that 1 executed and closed. But I wouldn't expect too much contribution in 2025 on those because they're really going to be coming online late in the year, and it takes a little bit of time for commissioning. So most of those will start contributing in 2026. 
 And then on the M&A side, we continue to look at a lot of smaller opportunities, not anything of the magnitude of Viterra or CJ Selecta necessarily, but there's a lot of smaller bolt-on opportunities that we're working as well that we'll keep you updated on. 
Operator: The next question is from Ben Theurer with Barclays. 
Benjamin Theurer: Just want to congrats from my side. 
Gregory Heckman: Thank you. 
Benjamin Theurer: Just 2 ones to follow up. So 1 actually associated a little bit with the M&A and the contribution of it, capital allocation in general. Can you just maybe frame to the audience how you think about the buyback left over for the Viterra deal? Because if I remember right, you said you wanted to have done about half of it, of the $2 billion that was announced until the close. So that would leave you with, I guess, some around about $400 million. Just that we can think about, is that something you target for in the first half? 
 And then aside from it, with that contribution and you've laid it out nicely right now on the 2026 and the returns, et cetera, if we would have to go back to somewhere like the mid-cycle EPS framework, remember, a few quarters ago, you've laid this out, and I think you said back they are like $850 million on the base business, but with all the buybacks and accretions and projects and M&A, et cetera, it was more like a $10 and $11. Is that -- does that still hold even if we're thinking about around $9 for 2024, if these projects would be around? 
John Neppl: Sure. So we'll start with share buyback. And the $400 million, I think our expectation right now is we will execute that in the first half of the year. And we've committed to doing at least that $400 million by close of the transaction. So we expect to do that. And then, we'll see from there as we go forward. With respect to our outlook for 2026 and $11, I think we still feel very positive with that and right on track. While the CapEx is maybe been delayed a little bit from a timing standpoint. We got a little bit of a late start on some of these -- as costs went up and we went back and took a look at projects, we've actually picked up pace on the M&A side a little bit. So we feel very good about our trajectory against that $11-plus by 2026 and have no reason to change it at this point. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then a quick follow-up. As we think about the guidance for this year and maybe the magnitude of changes that you're foreseeing right now? I know and Ben brought this up early on about the visibility, and I know about the challenges 2Q onwards. But as you look at it today, where do you think the biggest downside versus 2023 is within, call it, maybe a key for processing merchandising and Refined and Specialty Oils? 
Gregory Heckman: I think, if you look at the big flags, the big put and takes that we're thinking about it at the highest level, of course, the geopolitically and weather, right? And so while we're getting a more balanced S&D situation globally, we're kind of 1 weather event from really tightening things up and that could bring some volatility back. And then the other offset is around it at a high level, if you think about demand. And so lower prices should spur more demand. That's what we've seen historically, and then it's really how quickly we see that. 
 And even if you take an anecdote on the food side, we're seeing all of our food customers innovation projects, which had spent the last 2 years being cost reduction type programs are now really focused on growth. So product development, new products, and line extensions. 
 And then you take the kind of under that umbrella, some of the big drivers, of course, it's the veg oil, S&D in North America, because as we saw it play out in '23 and it will continue in '24. We've got a new industry with new demand building. The market is doing its work, supply is adjusting. And it can be pretty sensitive to that oil pipeline, veg oil prices in North America, which, of course, is very sensitive to the crush margins in North America. 
 And the other, of course, is Argentina, where you've got a weather situation there much better than last year where bean production should maybe be double what last year was and you've got a new government in place. And so how their policies and incentives play out. I think that's a big 1 to watch. And then, of course, you always have got to think about China not only their economy and how it develops the macro just from an overall demand and then, of course, how they think about stocks building. So I think those are the kind of the big flags that we think about. Right now, if you look at the curves and the outlook, people aren't predicting much disruption at this point. 
Operator: The next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: So maybe continuing along that kind of line of questioning. As we think about kind of the approximately $9 EPS, it would seem to imply, give or take $1 billion of segment profit reduction on a year-on-year basis. And just helping -- can you help dimensionalize the segments where that's coming? Presumably merchandising processing is the largest contributor, but at least frame kind of what kind of year-on-year decline you're currently kind of thinking about for Refined Specialty Oils, Sugar just to help put the decline in processing in better context? And then I got a follow-up. 
John Neppl: Yes, Adam, this is John. I think there are really 3 big drivers to the year-over-year change. And the largest is what we're assuming on the processing side, certainly globally. That's probably I'd say, close to 80% of the variance. When you look at the gross variance, we have some things that are going to be up, we expect to be up. But that's a big piece of it. And then the other big drivers are so Refined Specialty Oils being down, from probably a couple of hundred million from where we finished this year in 2024. And then the other 1 is Sugar, we're calling down given ethanol prices and environment in Brazil. But then we have some other things going in the other direction to ultimately get to the change. But certainly, the largest is the Processing segment at this point. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. So I mean within that Processing, if it's 80% or so percent, that implies something like a $70 to $80 -- sorry, $15 to $20 a ton lower kind of global kind of crush margin decline on your footprint. Can you help frame kind of regions where that is kind of a larger kind of headwind versus not and how more North America crush and soy meal and the return of Argentina to the export market in the second quarter, kind of is factoring into your kind of the regional balance of your network? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes, I can -- again, let me start. Let's start on that. Yes. So if you think about -- and maybe back into it from soft seeds, we still expect those to be strong but kind of down slightly. They'll be off some from '23, but should still be good in both Europe and North America. But soy is really the 1 as you've called out. So I think everything will be softer. 
 If you look at the regions, except Argentina, which Argentina was a drag last year to everything, and we had to cover it with the global system. So now you'll see Argentina be better as we get into harvesting Q2, and you start to see the crush come up there. Of course, it will be, as we said, the government policies and how the farmer markets, but that will be key. 
 South America, Brazil continues to currently be strong on new crop, but of course, it's inverted as well where we're seeing farmer liquidity be slower there. And then the EU right now, pretty strong in the spot, and that's been on meal demand. But again, the curves are inverted there as well. 
 In the U.S., while the Q1 is good, of course, we see the curves kind of be that weaker in Q2 and Q3 and then contemplate a better Q4 with the new crop. And then, I think the farmer selling, which I said is just -- it's just slower on all regions, and they'll be very hesitant here until the market kind of settles out and we see some direction. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. 
Steven Haynes: If I could just come back to the guidance for '24 real quick. I was hoping maybe you could just give a bit more color on how you see that maybe phasing out over the course of the year. I would imagine that 1Q maybe has some favorability in it still from the back half of 2024. So I know you don't give quarterly guidance, but if you can maybe help size like your expectations for the first quarter versus the balance of the year, that would be helpful. 
John Neppl: Yes. Steven, this is John. we're looking today, when we look forward at our forecast, we're expecting it to be pretty closely balanced between first half, second half, actually, pretty close to 50-50. And I would say, waiting on the first half of the year, more 60-40, and on the back half of the year kind of the mirror image more of a 40-60. That's kind of how we're seeing the year at this point. 
Steven Haynes: Okay. And then maybe just another quick follow-up on the back half and what you're kind of assuming for the size of the U.S. crop and how to think about maybe what some of the different scenarios are there. I think you alluded to 4Q being a little bit better because of the U.S. crop, but maybe if we have a larger-than-expected crop in the back half, like what do you think that would mean for the outlook that you've currently laid out? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I'd say if you look kind of at a high level, right, we get the Brazil crop coming in probably the bean production being in the mid-150s. And that's versus last year, we were around 160 million metric tons. I mentioned Argentina being production to be around 50 million tons there, which is about double what it was last year. And then I think as that sorts out and the market sends the right signals, we'll see how the acres work here in North America, right, and how many bean acres that we end up with and how the growing season plays itself out. But we do need to have a good growing season here in North America, but have no reason right now to plan on anything else. 
Operator: The next question is from Salvator Tiano of Bank of America. 
Salvator Tiano: Yes. So the first question I want to ask is specifically about the guidance. And I know you mentioned many times the forward curves in most cases are inverted for crush margins. But -- and I understand that's how you give the outlook. But let's say, we're sitting here from 6 months from now. And who do you expect the crush margins to indeed be that low? As you said, liquidity is linked at kind of on the forward curve. So is there a chance that simply things will revert and the outlook for the year may be better? 
Gregory Heckman: Well, I think that's why we've been consistent about using the forward curves and what we currently see in the environment when we do give the outlook because that way, it kind of doesn't flop around depending on our forecasting of what we see in the markets and versus what the public forecasters are saying they see in the market. But that's why I do think those flags that we've called out. Right?
 Weather is always key how that farmer is going to market, the marketing pattern, and how much on-farm storage that they've got to affect that, and how their financial condition is from a liquidity standpoint. 
 And then the big demand drivers, right, as we talked about, how quickly does demand bounce back on the food side, which is the 1 we can see snap back pretty quickly. And on feed, it looks like animal numbers, roughly flat. Chicken's probably up a little bit. Pork might be down a little bit globally. But so the animals are still in place and how quick do they add animals from a demand standpoint. 
 As that profitability has returned in the animal sector, I think they've seen the worst on their profitability is in industry. And then this veg oil market is pretty sensitive. If you look globally, palm is not increasing at the production growth that it had historically. And at the same time, they're adding domestic biofuel demand globally on the palm side. So oil tightening up somewhat from a global perspective, while you are growing biofuels in general, renewable diesel specifically and SAF kind of to come in the future. So you've got a new industry that's trying to decarbonize its liquid fuels, because we can do that with vegetable oils, low-CI feedstocks, and help them do it at scale. And the market has been sending that signal that we can supply those feedstocks, and we've seen quite a bit of demand that will be coming on in that segment. 
 And so that oil leg can really affect the crush and that's why we call that flag out, and that will be a key 1 to watch as well. So it should be a really interesting 12-, 18-month kind of transition here, not only on the crops, but as demand continues to grow as well and as customers kind of move back to trying to drive growth versus cost savings. 
Salvator Tiano: Okay. Perfect. The second question is on merchandising specifically. I guess in Q2 and Q3, it was kind of a wash when you consider the $75 million to $100 million EBITDA you've given in normalized earnings, but Q4 was well below that. Would you say now merchant -- we are an environment on the Ag cycle where merchandising will actually be below that normalized level or are we still mid-cycle and Q4 was just an anomaly? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. So I think we call merch should be slightly down here in '24 versus '23. And right now, that's probably got it slightly below where we're at in our baseline model. But again, merchandising is the toughest 1 to forecast and is the first 1 to react if we get some policy changes that affect flows and/or weather -- any weather issues that affect production. And I'll tell you, as we continue to grow more yield on the same amount of acres, and we're seeing more volatile weather patterns, both dry and wet that affect production and logistics that probably just long term leads to more volatility. So the merchandising will be the 1 that absorbs that on the short-term changes. 
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Palmer with Citi. 
Thomas Palmer: I wanted to ask a little more on the demand pull you're seeing from renewable diesel. I mean, it really has been a kind of key driver over the last couple of years in terms of crushing refined oil. The industry, obviously, responding on the crush side with added capacity in part to support this industry. I guess, what's the visibility in terms of that demand pull at this point in terms of absorbing some of this increased supply that's coming from the added crush capacity? Are we still a little bit in waiting mode? At different points, you've kind of noted that maybe curves aren't showing it, but you are at least in touch with customers who are showing optionality for that increased demand pull on a forward basis? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. We see it continue to grow. I think there's going to be another 1.4 billion gallons of RD capacity come online in the first half of '24. I think some of the complexity, right is, it isn't just a veg oil game as they grow their demand. The market sent some signals when the pipelines got tight. And so we saw UCO imports. And so as we balance some of that supply and demand understanding did we soak up some surpluses and what will be the ongoing rate of some of these imported UCOs and other kind of low-CI feedstocks as the market kind of works to balance itself out as that demand comes on. 
 So it's a bit of no doubt, a complicated picture on that. And then, of course, you've got policy changing, right? As we move from a blender's credit to a producer's credit in '25 and their end markets adjust to that. And then, of course, you've got even things like the card policy where they've signaled that they've got the ability to make changes if the feedstock is available. And now the market is sending signs that the feedstock is available. 
 So we think this will be pretty dynamic. But net-net, we have increased demand that continues to grow globally, and then we'll see what other policy things happen generally kind of around the world and specifically around things like SAF. 
 So the other is how well their new RD operations come up to speed on catalysts and whatnot. Do they need the vegetable oil to be the dilution for some of these other low-CI feedstocks and some of these imported feedstocks? So it also depends kind of how they run and then also the shift that we said, all along, we expect to see at some point as these pretreatment facilities come up and we see some of the refined oil demand move into crude demand. And so you may see it move from refining margins then into the crush margin. So while we like a complex picture to unwind, this 1 has really plenty of moving pieces. 
Thomas Palmer: Yes, totally. Just quickly on the share repo plans. I think as of the October earnings call, you've spent the $134 million on repo taking you to what, $600 million between the back half of the year. Should we -- as we look at this coming year, expect maybe a more balanced cadence because it looks like you kind of stopped at least for the last couple of months of '23, but still have clearly meaningful plans as we look at the time period kind of before Viterra closes. So again, should that be a little more balanced on repo? 
John Neppl: Yes. I think -- well, our expectation is between now and, let's say, midyear, we'll have the other $400 million, but timing on close of Viterra is yet to be determined. But I think we won't wait around until we have news for that. I think we'll put it on a pace here to make sure that we're completed by midyear. 
Operator: The next question is from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. 
Sam Margolin: My question is on refining because it seems like that's the segment where the commodity headwinds are probably the most visible, but it sounds like there's a technology story there for you where you're either gaining share or maybe potentially getting some pricing power. And I wonder if you could just talk about the attributes of the yields in the new refineries that are adding value and how they accrue to the segment growth? And how should we think about that contribution? 
Gregory Heckman: I think on an overall, it's just the team has been running the refineries better. We set some records there in Q4 on volume and capacity utilization in our refineries. So we're just trying to run the system better to meet the demands. And then on our India refinery, that is new multi-oil capabilities as well as packaging, and that's to meet some current demand as well as some growth. We'll be commissioning that in the first half. That's for our Foods business. 
 And then the Avondale refinery, which we bought here in Louisiana, that's really helping on the import of some of the tropical and soft oils to serve our customers with multi oil. And we were really at capacity there in serving our food customers here in North America. So that's freed up capacity and given us some extra capabilities and we also had some equipment headed for another facility that we've already pointed at Avondale, and we're going to expand that facility already. 
 So we'll be doing that work during the year. So that's really about capabilities and flexibility on the food side, which is the other, as John talked about, a little farther out, but our Amsterdam facility, will be kind of the same thing. That's a great specialty oils market over there. We'll have really the most flexibility we think in Europe, we'll have the best carbon footprint and the lowest cost facility when we get that done, but that's just getting underway. 
 So that will be out in '26 before we have the benefits of that. But -- also with these new facilities, they're all improving the carbon footprint versus the facilities that we were running before. So we continue to focus on sustainability as we make those investments as well. 
John Neppl: Yes, Sam, I would add that food is still 75% to 80% of our volume on refined oil. So while energy certainly has been a nice demand for us, food is a big focus. We have very big downstream customers, and they depend on us from a traceability sustainability standpoint and to be able to provide a multi oil. So that's still the primary focus of that RS&O segment. 
Sam Margolin: Okay. That's super helpful. And then just a follow-up on capital allocation and the discretionary CapEx component. I think this year, it feels like it has more of the characteristics of sort of a trough year than maybe something structurally problematic. And so it makes sense that discretionary CapEx is still at the top of your Q. But I mean, is there anything that, the scenario that you can imagine that might cause you to decelerate growth CapEx or any market conditions specifically that you're watching for that could change -- maybe change the mix of your capital allocation and move growth CapEx kind of lower on the priority list? 
John Neppl: Yes. I don't -- I mean, the reality is most of the projects that are in our growth pipeline now are all underway. So the bulk of it won't change, because we're still -- we still believe those are great long-term projects. Certainly, around the fringes as new things come up, we may trade-off between that and M&A, which we have done some of. We've seen some great bolt-on M&A opportunities and have allocated some capital in that direction instead. But I would say largely, our forward track here for '24 and '25 is pretty locked in from a CapEx standpoint. 
Operator: The next question is from Davis Sunderland with Baird. 
Davis Sunderland: Just 1 for me. I was curious about the cost structure for Processing and RS&O. Maybe just how this has evolved as new capacity has come online in the industry? And maybe any comments if you guys could give on variable cost changes over the last few years and how your cost structure compares to competitors would be helpful. 
John Neppl: Sure. This is John. Look, I think, we have not been immune to the inflation that we saw over the last few years relative to kind of started during COVID and worked its way through. But what we've seen recently is energy prices coming off quite a bit, especially in Europe, which has lowered our variable costs over there quite a bit. I think our belief is that we're probably or probably close to the most efficient in the industry are certainly on par with others. And it's as you can imagine, higher cost areas generally is going to be U.S. with inflation and Europe with energy costs and inflation. 
 But we also have some very low-cost production areas. Brazil certainly is an area where costs are much lower than the average and in Asia as well, but highly competitive. And I think, again, we've seen things come off certainly. And I think where we're focused on a lot of our capital recently on the -- especially on the sustaining side, has been focused on improvements in the efficiencies in the plants. I think we'll continue to be able to do a good job of offsetting some of the inflation that we're seeing just naturally. So we feel, I think, pretty good about where we are from an efficiency standpoint right now. 
Operator: The next question is from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. 
Andrew Strelzik: First for me, I was hoping you could compare the current environment in the curves to the $8.50 EPS assumptions in the baseline more broadly? I guess it seems like for the most part, most of the profitability and margin structures are similar to those assumptions, especially on the crush side, if you were able to lock in the first quarter, a little higher. The exceptions maybe you said a little bit weaker on merchandising. And if a couple of hundred million lower unrefined oils is right, and I had the buyback you're -- the math is something like $10 plus, I think. And I understand the volatility of the environment, et cetera. But am I thinking about that correctly? Is there anything that else that's materially weaker than kind of the baseline assumptions? 
John Neppl: Yes, I can start, and Greg can jump in. I think actually, our margin assumptions right now for 2024 are better than the baseline -- marginally better than where we were in the 850 baseline assumptions. So we think that will hold for the year, if not improve. Where we're seeing a little -- and that's probably more on the soft side than the soy side, the higher assumption around margin structure and what we're seeing today. I think where we see the downside versus our baseline is really in merchandising. 
 As we look forward, we have -- Greg pointed out, there's not a lot of visibility going forward in that. And based on how we finished '23, we kept a lower forecast in for them in '24, which is actually lower than what we have in our baseline. But on the other side, RS&O is higher. So those are kind of the big things in terms of the commercial side of it. When you look at the non-business part of it or the other items, interest expense is quite a bit higher than what we had in our baseline, driven by interest rates, certainly. 
 And then a little bit higher effective tax rate as we've seen some tax legislation changes globally. So interest and taxes are higher so on the margin side, soy and soft are higher from an expectation RS&O is higher and then merchandising is lower. So it's kind of how I think about it. 
Gregory Heckman: And probably the only thing on the commercial side that we didn't mention, while the margins on crush are a little higher than the baseline. The volume is just a little bit lower and that's due to -- we exited Russia as a choice. And then in Ukraine, our volume is down with the war ongoing there. 
John Neppl: Yes. And maybe just 1 other thing to add, too. As you're thinking through this share buyback, certainly as we've done more of that than we had in our original baseline model, I think we modeled $250 million a year in our baseline assumption, and we of course, we've accelerated that with the Viterra transaction coming. 
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. Great. That was super helpful. And I guess, maybe my other question, I'm used to thinking about the guidance in terms of a plus and you being asked about upside opportunities you've discussed. Lot of the risks here, and I appreciate the change in the kind of guidance presentation to be approximately $9. But can you talk about where there might be upside opportunities if we're looking for those, where you think the greatest opportunities might lie throughout the year? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think, probably the same key ones, China, always a big factor their economy and if it would speed up from a demand and then how China is going to think about any stock building, because they can definitely make it change on these markets that are really still pretty close in the supply and demand balance, any type of weather situation at all. 
 The balance sheets are pretty tight. We could see increased volatility, and that would also probably drive not only more farmer selling, but it would also drive the consumers to be further out on the curve and do more purchasing and they've gotten comfortable again where we had some just in case inventory building. 
 Everyone's kind of forgotten the supply chain problems, and we've definitely seen customers pulling down stocks in that just-in-time inventory again. So if you saw any concern on S&Ds or supply chain problems and saw a build back that way. The overall growth in demand from the lower prices, whether that's the animal industry adding capacity and/or the consumer responding across feed, food or fuel more quickly to the lower prices. 
 And then Argentina always a very big driver, of course, in the size of their crop, how the farmer is going to commercialize that. And of course, a lot of that will be driven by the government policy and their ability to put the incentives out there in the way they want to with what they're trying to accomplish. And then, of course, importantly, biofuels in general, globally, how that continues to develop policy and how the different feedstocks are weighing off in the global oil balance, we're keeping palm in mind as well. So those are a few of the flags that we're watching carefully, and it should be a really interesting 12 months, 18 months here going forward as we have a number of things transitioning. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks. 
Gregory Heckman: I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today and for your interest. And I guess I'd just like to wrap up by saying we've tried to reflect in our outlook what has changed for '24, but I sure want to also reflect what has not changed. And what hasn't changed, right, is there's long-term growth in demand for the things we make and the services that we provide with them, and that is across all 3 food, feed and fuel markets. 
 The growth in biofuels, that's a near-term issue, and that trend is in place. The improvements in our operating model, those continue and we'll continue to focus on how to make sure that we don't stop with our focus on continuous improvement. Our '26 baseline target remains unchanged. We continue to have a great pipeline of projects and investments with good returns. Our pending acquisitions are on track and our share purchase commitment is ongoing. So those are things that haven't changed. We feel good about what we're doing. Very proud of our team, and we'll continue to stay focused. So thanks for your interest. Look forward to speaking to you again soon. Have a great day. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bunge Limited Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead. 
Ruth Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well.
 I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors.
 On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg. 
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the team for delivering another quarter of outstanding results by performing exceptionally well in this highly dynamic environment. Our team remains focused on executing our day-to-day business, effectively utilizing our global footprint and adapting to changing market conditions to meet the needs of our customers, both farmers and in consumers.
 At the same time, the team continued to make good progress on our integration planning with Viterra. During this process, our teams had the opportunity to work with the Viterra team, reinforcing how similar our cultures are and increasing our confidence in the combination and the value it will create.
 We reached a significant milestone in October, receiving overwhelming shareholder approval for the merger. We continue to engage with the appropriate regulatory agencies and expect to close the transaction in mid-2024. While we will continue to operate as 2 separate companies until we close, we're looking forward to bringing our teams and assets together to create a premier Agribusiness solutions company.
 Turning to the third quarter. We delivered strong operating results, driven by refined and specialty oils and processing. We also saw strong performance in our noncore sugar business John will cover our financial results in more detail.
 In addition, since we reported second quarter results, we repurchased approximately $600 million of Bunge common shares, making meaningful progress against the repurchase plan we outlined following the announcement of the Viterra transaction.
 Looking ahead to the remainder of the year and based on what we see in the market and the forward curves today, we now expect full year 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $12.50  and depending on how market conditions continue to evolve, we see the potential for upside. I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through our financial results and outlook in more detail, and we'll then close with some additional thoughts. John? 
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported third quarter earnings per share was $2.47 compared to $2.49 in the third quarter of 2022. Our reported results include a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $0.14 per share and a negative impact of $0.38 per share, primarily related to acquisition and integration costs associated with our announced business combination agreement with Viterra.
 Adjusted EPS was $2.99 in the third quarter versus $3.45 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, were $735 million in the quarter versus $740 million last year. Agribusiness adjusted results of $472 million were down compared to last year as a slightly higher performance in processing was more than offset by lower results in merchandising.
 In processing, higher results in Brazil soy origination, Asia and North America were largely offset by drought impacted results in Argentina. Results in Europe were in line with last year as improved performance in soft seeds was offset by lower results in soy crush.
 In merchandising, higher results in our global corn value chain, which benefited from the large Brazilian safrinha corn crop were more than offset by lower results in financial services and our global wheat value chain. Higher refining specialty oils results were primarily driven by North America. Higher results in Asia, led by our India business also contributed to the improved performance. Results in South America and Europe were lower.
 In Milling, higher results were primarily driven by our South American operations, reflecting improved margins due to the combination of lower wheat costs and more favorable channel mix. Results in the U.S. were also higher. The increase in corporate expenses primarily reflected investments in growth initiatives as well as performance-related compensation accruals.
 Lower other results were related to Bunge Ventures in our captive insurance program. Better results in our noncore sugar and bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by higher sugar prices, which more than offset lower ethanol prices. Net interest expense of $95 million in the quarter was higher compared to last year, primarily due to higher average variable interest rates.
 For the first 9 months of the year, income tax expense was $495 million compared to $257 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher pretax income in 2023 and as well as a change in geographic earnings mix.
 Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT trends over the past 4 years, along with the trailing 12 months, reflecting our team's continued excellent performance while also delivering on a variety of growth and productivity initiatives.
 Slide 7 details our capital allocation of the nearly $1.9 billion of adjusted funds from operations that we generated year-to-date. After allocating $321 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety, we had approximately $1.6 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $287 million in common dividends, invested $484 million in growth in productivity related CapEx, which is up significantly from $168 million this time last year and repurchased $466 million of Bunge shares, leaving $377 million of retained cash flow.
 In October, we repurchased an additional $134 million of Bunge shares bringing the total amount of repurchases to $600 million since we reported Q2 earnings in early August. This leaves us with approximately $1.4 billion remaining on our existing $2 billion authorization. We expect to complete about half of the authorization prior to the close of the Viterra transaction, with the remainder to be completed within 18 months of that date.
 As shown on Slide 8, at quarter end, Readily Marketable Inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $3.2 billion. This reflects our use of retained cash flow to fund working capital while reducing debt. Our adjusted leverage ratio, which reflects our adjusted net debt to adjusted EBITDA was 0.3x at the end of the third quarter.
 Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter end, all $5.7 billion of our committed credit facilities was unused and available, providing us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs.
 Please turn to Slide 10. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 19%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. ROIC was 14.4%, also well above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%.
 Moving to Slide 11. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $2.1 billion and a cash flow yield of 19.2%. Please turn to Slide 12 on our 2023 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account year-to-date results in the current margin environment and forward curves, we've increased our full year 2023 adjusted EPS outlook to at least $12.50 with potential upside depending on how market conditions evolve over the balance of the year.
 In Agribusiness, full year results are forecasted to be up from the prior year outlook and in line with last year, as higher results in processing are largely offset by lower results in merchandising. In Refined specialty oils, full year results are expected to be up from our prior outlook and last year's record performance.
 In Milling, full year results are expected to be in line with our prior outlook and significantly down from a strong prior year. In Corporate and Other results are expected to be down from our prior forecast and last year. In noncore, full year results in our Sugar and Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be up from our prior outlook and higher than last year. Additionally, the company expects a falling for 2023, an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 21% to 23%, net interest expense in the range of $340 million to $360 million, which is down from our prior outlook of $350 million to $370 million.
 Capital expenditures in the range of $1 billion to $1.2 billion and depreciation and amortization of approximately $425 million, which is up $10 million from our prior outlook. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments. 
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few thoughts. So looking at the longer term, the fundamental drivers of our business remain in place. Global population continues to grow and the need for sustainable solutions to meet that demand means the world will continue to look to Bunge to supply essential products and services to the feed, food and fuel industries.
 Our strategic combination with Viterra will help us accelerate our long-term growth with greater diversification across customers, assets, geographies and crops, we're creating a platform with enhanced efficiencies, connectivity and capabilities across value chains. This will provide us with more optionality and allow us to even better serve the needs of both farmers and in consumers regardless of market environment.
 In addition, we're continuing to progress on our other important growth initiatives, including enhancing our footprint with targeted greenfield and bolt-on acquisitions, deepening our relationships with customers at both ends of the value chain, strengthening our digital capabilities and investing in innovative and sustainability-oriented programs and products.
 In Brazil, we reached an agreement to acquire CJ Selecta, a leading manufacturer and exporter of soy protein concentrate in Brazil. Construction is also progressing well on our soy protein concentrate plant in Morristown, Indiana, and we're nearly ready to begin serving customers from our new highly efficient multi-oil facility in India.
 To continue to help our customers meet the demand for sustainability and low CI crops, we're executing on regenerative agricultural projects with multiple customers in multiple countries, helping to build sustainable, integrated supply chains and expand global regenerative agricultural practices.
 For instance, tomorrow, Bunge and CP Food, a leading Asian feed and food company, will announce a collaboration to develop a black chain solution for the traceability of deforestation free soy from Brazil. We're proud of the progress we're making, but also know there's still much to do as we continue positioning Bunge to deliver on our critical mission of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential food, feed and fuel to the world.
 I continue to be impressed by the energy, collaboration, innovation and commitment of the Bunge team as we work together and with key partners to find solutions to the world's most pressing food security issues. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. 
Andrew Strelzik: So I guess my first one, you alluded to some of the upside opportunities for the year. And when you talked last quarter about some of them, I believe there was the thinking was that there's even more upside really was more in 4Q than in 3Q. You talked about merchandising opportunities, dislocations, potentially China. Can you talk about how those are shaping up relative to what you were thinking 3 months ago or some of those opportunities have evolved at all where you're seeing the upside potential? 
Gregory Heckman: Sure. And I'd just start by saying the solid execution by the team has really been the key here. It continues to be really dynamic, but the ability to deliver the strong Q3 and then give us the confidence to raise the years this fantastic execution. So we've seen crush margins improve recently and that's really been on the back of soybean demand improving. That's allowed us to go ahead and lock in a lot of Q4 on the crush side. We're, of course, not seeing that same visibility into the Q1 and Q2. We do expect that to kind of develop over the first quarter -- I'm sorry, as to develop for the first quarter as we go through Q4. But overall, we're still on the back of a really tight situation globally, and we expected that to play out right as we got to the end of Argentina with the crop really about less than half of last year. And so we did have to call on crush for the rest of the globe to step in and provide that.
 We continue to also see strong oil demand in North America, and that's both from food as well as fuel. And that has, of course, driven the opportunities, not only while crush has been volatile, but gross margin have been volatile, but actually been very strong, and we've seen it pulling oil for reformulation and pulling imports. So I think that's -- those are going to kind of be the drivers that we'll continue to see here in Q4. 
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. Great. That's super helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up to that, as we think out to next year, and I'm certainly not asking for guidance. But I guess I'm just curious how you think about what's durable from this year and what's not. Certainly, there's a lot of conversation in the market about U.S. crush margins given the curve. Refined oils has been kind of consistently stronger than you anticipated. Brazil's going to have another big crop. So how are you thinking about -- what could be similar or different in '24 versus '23? 
Gregory Heckman: You bet. I think what will be similar is until we get another look at the South American crop. And while the weather patterns look like they're setting up favorable for South America with an El Nino. That's really not how the planning is starting. So we do need to see that weather happen and see a good crop. But if you can get strong crops. We had a record in Brazil. If we see another record crop in Brazil and then see the crop, I think the U.S. data think that we could see a crop in Argentina on soybeans even back above 22 levels, but that would be about twice what we saw for production this year. That starts to make South America, again, very competitive globally on soy exports as well as exports to China, but it's on meal and oil. So that will be the one we watch, but remember, we're not going to get that until April or later. So this tightness will continue through Q1.
 And so as we get more visibility, the first half, we'll see we'll be able to kind of lock that in and then see how weather plays out here in the second half. And the others ultimately on China, where we look at soybean imports probably to be flat and corn imports to be up. But China is a very savvy buyer and we've seen it can really depend on prices when they'll reload stock. So I think any surprises there could be to the upside on volume and be supportive also on the merch side. 
Operator: Next question is from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc. 
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask about the buyback. You made good progress already, more than $450 million in the quarter, and it looks like more kind of since the end of quarter close. When you think about kind of your goal of $2 billion within 18 months of the Viterra closing. Is that time line getting pulled forward? And how are you thinking about kind of balancing cash flow as it relates to deploying the cash flows to buyback? 
John Neppl: Yes. Look, I think as of now, we're keeping the time line fairly steady. Now that could certainly accelerate given the steps we've made already. But when you look at 2024, we've got a pretty robust pipeline of CapEx projects to execute. We had significant increases here in CapEx and a lot of that relates to some big greenfield projects that are underway, and we'll have similar or maybe even slightly higher CapEx next year related to that. We announced CJ Selecta, that will close in 2024. That's going to be a draw as well. We'll see how things shake out on the cash generation side as we go into the year. And then we'll balance that, obviously, with share buybacks and other M&A opportunities that might come up. But ultimately, as we get near the close of the Viterra transaction, we do want to try to target certain leverage ratio at close, and so that might impact timing as well. But whether we pull it forward or not, we still remain committed to hitting the $2 billion. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. And then, Greg, just to revisit Andrew's question around next year. You made a comment that you expect the crush curves to firm in the first half of next year or into 1Q as we move through the fourth quarter. Could you talk about some of the drivers that you see at play there? And then I guess just panning out and thinking about 2024, you mentioned some of the positives or potential upside drivers to strengthen the year. Could you just kind of stack on each side of the ledger, the potential positives and negatives that you guys are paying attention to as of now, so we can be mindful of them. 
Gregory Heckman: Sure. I'd say in the first half, the tightness that we expect and then we talked about the size of the South American crop. Of course, remember what we saw this year and that is kind of good for our global footprint. And while being pretty balanced globally has helped us deliver our most complete footprint is South America and especially Brazil. So the record crop there was good for our export system as well as our crushing system. It made South America more competitive versus North America on bean exports, which kept some more beans at home in the U.S., which actually -- our crush franchise is bigger than our export franchise in North America. So again, that was positive for our crush franchise.
 So if you see another record crop there in South America, will have that same benefit in Brazil. And then Argentina, which has been a drag this year would be a bigger contributor next year. So those are where we're watching the weather. I think when you think about '24 and the things that create the uncertainty or less visibility in the second half, right, with geopolitically, policies, the conflicts that are going on, I mean those are the things that can create dislocations in the crops and in the oil flows. What I will say is I've got absolute confidence in our team to execute by staying focused on the things that we could control. Of course, you've got the government policies around biofuels and that's RD and eventually SAF being developed.
 But the one thing that we've seen it definitely appears the regulators want these markets to develop. And as we show that we've got the supply there, I think we'll -- we believe that policies can even be adjusted to ramp up demand. So exactly it's -- the channel is up and to the right. There'll be some volatility in the supply and demand as those markets sort themselves out, but it is new demand to this industry and it's firmly in place.
 And then I touched on the weather, right? We've got to watch El Nino. It should be good for South America. We're not seeing that right now. And then what it does to river levels in the U.S. when we're dry and we've seen this year, that was another thing that didn't make the U.S. as competitive on exports with the low river levels, which again hurt export but benefited crushing and then processing. And then China always tough to predict, but a very important customer for beans and corn.
 And lastly, on the merchandising piece, it kind of ties in around serving our crushing, serving our third-party customers and then just merch overall in corn, wheat and our freight opportunities. So this dislocation, there can be upside there. A lot of confidence in the team to execute, but it definitely gets a little less clear in the second half. 
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Fair enough. Great. Congratulations on the quarter. Thank. 
Gregory Heckman: Thank you so much. 
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. 
Manav Gupta: I wanted to ask you -- I understand you're still negotiating your way through the Viterra deal. But have you had a chance to speak with the bigger shareholders and present a proposition where they could become long-time shareholders of Bunge so they can hold on to the stock even once the lock-in period is over. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Let me start, John. You can finish. Look, I think one of the things that we were really excited about the Viterra deal and what's great is they've got 2 great shareholders that really know this business in Glencore in the Canadian pension funds in CPP and BCI. So they wanted equity. In fact, they wanted more equity than we ultimately gave them and they want the ability to buy more equity for the long term because they believe in the power of the combination. They believe in the industry, on the important essential role the industry plays and they want to be able to add on to that investment. So that is all laid out in the agreement.
 They are going to have 2 board seats each, so they'll have 4 of our 12 board seats will be from our new shareholders. So we're really excited to be able to get not only the teams together and the asset bases together, once we are able to close this transaction. But we're excited to bring those new Board members in and bring that experience in and that knowledge to help drive this business. So just excited about really all aspects of the combination. 
Manav Gupta: Perfect. My quick follow-up here is, I wanted to understand a little better what you see as a demand for refined versus unrefined soybean oil. And the reason I'm asking this question is, some of these new units are coming up with PTUs, A, the PTUs are not up to the mark, they're struggling. And B, what we have heard from some of the producers is that the PTU would be more for tallow and some of the other very hard-to-process feedstocks. They may not be running unrefined soybean oil through it. So just trying to understand that even with the PTUs, is there a possibility that we continue to see some demand growth on the refined soybean oil side? 
John Neppl: Yes. This is John. I think we have anticipated over the long run that producer -- RD producers would shift ultimately to crude soybean oil away from refined, but it has been slower than expected. And I think that it's really more right now about there is new -- as the new RD production comes on, it may have pretreatment capability, but the existing units haven't necessarily transitioned. So the demand we have today for refined as we expect to be fairly steady for a while, even if there's growth as the new production comes on and has pretreatment. But certainly, we've heard some similar things and we believe we can be a great solution either way, whether it's refined or crude soybean oil. And also, as we've said before, we think we have a place in the supply chain around low CI feedstocks as well, and we'll be -- continue to work on that, so that we can provide our energy customers with everything they need. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. And I'd just add one thing. You said that, that margin, right, it will move around between our value chain. You may see some of that move from refined back into the crush with the demand for crude oil. And then I would just also say you hit on an important part that yes, it does take some time to get these units up running and get the catalyst dialed in. And what we hear from some of the folks as they handle some of these other oils that are more difficult, part of that is using the refined oil for a dilution. So we play a role long term even as they bring in other feedstocks. 
Operator: The next question is from Ben Theurer with Barclays. 
Benjamin Theurer: Greg, John, congrats on the results. 
John Neppl: Thank you, Ben. 
Benjamin Theurer: So just quickly following up on that acquisition you announced in Brazil, CJ Selecta. Is there any more detail you can provide, i.e., like how much you're going to pay for that so that we can kind of factor that in within our capital allocation assumptions for next year? I care you disclose that number? 
John Neppl: Yes, it's about $600 million, Ben. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. So obviously, in light of that, and thanks for that clarification and putting it into context from a CapEx perspective. So you said $1 billion to $1.2 billion, maybe a bit more next year, we get the $600 million that gets us maybe to close to $2 billion, add on a little bit of buyback. So if we think about the cash flow generation and your dividend policy, which in the past, you've tried to increase that. How should we think about that going forward? Just given the cash outlay you're going to have for that CJ Selecta acquisition plus CapEx plus the buybacks. Fair to assume the dividend might not be on the growth side next year? 
John Neppl: Well, I don't think we're ready to say that yet. I think we are committed to our dividend as an important part of our return to shareholders. And as we look forward, we'll assess that with everything we have going on and with our outlook, timing of the share buyback. We mentioned that our goal is to get the other $400 million done by the time we close the transaction, but that gives us some time to take a hard look. And historically, we review that in Q1, and then we had generally adjust that when we get toward May. So we'll do the same thing this year.
 We'll take a look. It's probably too early to tell, but we certainly have a lot of good opportunities for capital allocation. So it's a good problem to have because we've got a lot of great opportunities ahead of us. So -- but again, early, but we are committed to our dividend as well. We know that's important to our shareholders. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. Perfect. And then on Argentina, you've mentioned it a couple of times with like the expectation of, well, hopefully getting maybe better supply, et cetera. But obviously, there's also the political risk lingering in with the upcoming elections and a little bit of the surprise outcome over the last weekend. Can you help us understand in between the 2 extremes, what the potential impact could be for the industry as a whole and for Bunge in specific? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I'd probably start by saying I'm not a great political procrastinator. So I will make a forecast -- I will say, we've been in Argentina a very long time. And so we have worked closely with the government. Agriculture is a very important industry. We've worked with a lot of different regimes to help them accomplish their goals. And I think regardless of who's in charge following the November election. It's not a light switch. It doesn't happen overnight. It takes a while to effectuate change and we want to be a good partner to the government and we'll be there. 
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. I guess, that's as much you can say for now. Congrats. 
Gregory Heckman: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Maybe going back to the refining and specialty oils. I mean, this business performance you raised the outlook again. It's been a pretty consistent source of upside for a couple of years at this juncture. And as we look at the more recent kind of performance doesn't seem to imply the South America business operating at its peak, particularly in Brazil. And so I'm just trying to -- as you think about the medium term in refined and specialty oils, and I understand that some of the refining premium in the U.S. might go to crush over time depending on how the pretreatment works.
 But how -- are you taking a more constructive medium-term view of the earnings potential here? Or what would hold you back from maybe kind of further updating kind of the medium-term outlook or profit contribution expectations from this business unit. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. One thing, and I should probably clarify or remind everyone of, I mean, that's a great global business, and we have done a lot of work the last few years to really improve everything, how we're integrated with our value chains on the risk management, how we're working with customers and our customer segmentation, how we're working with customers on innovation. And with the supply chain problems that the industries went through as well as a lot of switching on the oils. Now remember, over 80% still goes to food, even though there's 20% going to fuel or to feed as we're seeing some of that reformulation. But the food industry is very strong there. We added that Avondale refinery in Louisiana this year and we integrated that right into the network, and that's allowing us to import additional seed and tropical oils and serve our food customers here in North America.
 So overall, the energy demand is important, but there's a great strong underlying business there that's executing very well for our customers. And that's both the brands that are the CPG brands, some of the famous brands that you know well as well as in the food service space as well. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just going over back to the CJ Selecta acquisition. Can you just talk about how kind of -- you already have a relationship with Imcopa, who I believe is also one of the major Soy protein concentrate producers in Brazil. So how does the Selecta acquisition kind of fit with kind of relationships that you already have with one of the other kind of major players in that market? And I guess more broadly, how do you think about the long-term growth of that category of ingredient longer term? 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think it's a great fit, right, for us to run our programs, whether it's working with producers to add value on the -- running the non-GMO programs or even on the GMO programs that allows us -- Selecta is a big supplier to the feed industry and the aquaculture, which continues to have nice growth. So we see them definitely as complementary. And then, of course, as we bring Morristown up. And what we want to do strategically, right, is have a great footprint in North America and South America with a low-cost position with that direct connection to farmers to build those transparent, verifiable supply chains for our customers and ultimately lower CI products and grow with that market because it's going to grow, all meats been soft, but the kind of traditional use of as extending in traditional meat continues to be strong.
 We're seeing growth in dairy. We're seeing growth in pet. And then as we said, growth in the aquaculture. So this is another  of one of those that just long term is a place we have a right to win. It's a natural adjacency. It also adding Selecta. That was kind of the last area in Brazil we didn't have much of an origination footprint, and we want to be able to serve all of our producers. And then, of course, with our partner, UPL, with Origio, we'll be able to bring some of those regenerative practices and other practices to our farmers. So really, it's about continuing to build out our footprint where we've got those gaps and do what we're good at and stay really focused. 
Operator: The next question comes from Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. 
Salvator Tiano: Yes. So firstly, I wanted to also ask about the CJ acquisition. If I heard correctly, you mentioned it was $600 million. And firstly, I want to clarify because I think some reports from Korea, the price was under $400 million, $350 million or so. So what's the difference between what the seller said and the price you mentioned? And given that it is a substantial acquisition, can you discuss a little bit some of the metrics, perhaps the expected contribution to profitability, the volumes that are being processed or anything else that's relevant? 
John Neppl: Yes. First thing, Salvator is the Korean owners that announced only own 65% of the JV. So they were just reporting on their proceeds they were going to receive in the transaction. With respect to the overall, how to think about it, we're expecting early on low teens return, but getting to mid-teen returns on that project, and it will be accretive day 1. In terms of what we can do with it, I mean, I think our goal is to grow that over time, as Greg kind of talked about the markets that we should be able to serve out of that asset. It's very complementary to what we do today, but also a growing European market, for example, has been a destination for that plant, in that operation. And so we're pretty optimistic about it. But it will be -- we think day 1, a very good accretive project for us. 
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And I just wanted to follow up a little bit and ask about international crush margins that haven't really been great. And if you can just give us an update where are things today in your key non-U.S. regions versus where they were on average for Q3? 
Gregory Heckman: Sure. If you look at China, crush margins have been volatile all year there. It's very spot. But our team has done a fantastic job. We've had a very good year in China, a better year than last year. And Q3, we actually a great coordination between our industrial and commercial logistics team ran record volumes for us. And so animal numbers continue to hold in China. So while it continue to be very spot, it looks like some of that will carry into Q4. We talked about Argentina. Of course, you've got about 0 farmer selling right now there. So until we get to new crop. Argentina continues to be a nonevent, very tough situation. And then we've seen margins improve in Brazil, and that's really good global demand and the back end of what was that record crop. Now the farmer has been a little sporadic on old crop selling South American farmers were watching and the weather situation developed in North America to ensure that there was going to be a crop there. But then as that crop kind of came home in North America, then we saw some better selling and new crop selling has been pretty slow. So that will be the key to watch there as well.
 In Brazil, I think long term, we switched in April from B10 to B12 and then each year we'll add 1% demand. So we're starting to feel that as well. And then look, North America, there's definitely been a lot of volatility in the crush margins, and we've seen that in oil as we've added this energy demand. That oil pipeline is pretty sensitive, right? We've seen it kind of draw down stocks and get pretty tight. We've seen it loosen up what people had opportunities running. And I think that will continue to be that way. But there is strong oil demand, and now we're seeing the meal demand start to return, and that's really to serve the rest of the world with meal not coming out of Argentina. And then if you look at soft margins, they really remained good globally, and that's the strong oil demand, and it's also been good seat supply, if you look in Europe and some of that's Ukraine where you're seeing switch to Sunseed at the expense of corn or if you look in Canada, where we've seen the canola crop get a little bigger than anyone expected and production has been better there. So that's been supportive as well. 
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Palmer with JPMorgan. 
Thomas Palmer: Maybe I'll follow up on soybean oil and kind of what you're seeing. I know you just referenced it, but we have seen some pricing weakness as we look out over the past month or 2 in the U.S. Do you think this is -- is anything in terms of eroding demand? Is it more supply driven? And kind of how do you see this playing out over the next couple of quarters or so? Because it did sound like you're pretty positive on overall demand picture, but at least what we're seeing in pricing would suggest some degree of imbalance. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. As we said, I think the long-term fundamental drivers there of more demand. Food has held in there. In fuel, we know that demand is going to grow as we see RD projects continue to come online. It will be a little choppy depending on how things are running. Crush is running hard. We've got some new crush coming online and the market will have to do some adjustment. But global stocks of oil are fairly balanced. If you look palm still from a production on how is producing probably going to get tighter in first half and tighten up the global oil situation. And the nearby softness, some of that was driven around RINs in that, and then the meal demand stepped in. And so they will continue to be a bit of a battle on whether meal or oil is going to carry the crush. I don't think it's going to be a straight line to either one as we move forward. 
Thomas Palmer: And then just on the M&A side, you do have in your presentation, the reference to smaller scale M&A. Just any update in terms of businesses or assets that might make sense, areas of your business. And then what are you seeing in terms of seller expectations? Do you think they appropriately reflect market conditions in the interest rate environment? 
Gregory Heckman: Well, I'd just say, look, we're going to stay really disciplined, right? And we're so not going to do anything that would create any slowdown or conflict to get the Viterra deal closed and through the regulatory process. So that's number one. But otherwise, our targets continue to be in those areas where we need to fill in some strengths where we see the long-term growth and where we have a right to win. And that's why CJ Selecta was a great example. It's been a target for years. And quite frankly, it's how we think about things. Our team, we're constantly updating and challenging our list and developing those relationships. That when those right assets do come available at the right price, we want to do those deals. And we've had a chance to do deals along the way that weren't at the right price, and we've stayed patient and we will continue to be disciplined and then do them when they're available at the right price. 
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. 
Sam Margolin: I want to go back to Viterra, if I could, to start in the grains market. You said -- you mentioned that there's some opportunities right now. I think you're maybe referring to like market structure of corn. It's pretty significantly in contango. And it seems like Viterra has an opportunity to generate a lot of cash between now and when the deal closes and might be material to their capital structure at the time of the close. And I wonder if you can talk about whether Viterra's operations within this dynamic are part of your conversations with them as you talk about the merger that you referenced. 
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Yes. Unfortunately, we still have to operate separately until we can get the deal closed. So we continue to be competitors. But when we did talk about the combination as we think about the future, when we get the opportunity to run these business together, one of the things we're most excited about, right, is that our assets are in different places. And our strengths being processing and then there's being origination in handling and storage and distribution is a great offset. And I think you've called out exactly right, part of the diversification that comes in that combination is with all their storage, storage when you get into a carrier contango it's definitely good for their system, and that's part of the diversification that we'll get with that combination. So yes, the big crops definitely should be good for their system looking outside in here. 
Sam Margolin: Okay. Sorry, that was a little bit of a tough one. This one might be more straightforward. You could probably sense that there's a lot of attention and maybe even investor anxiety just around board crush and the volatility. I mean board crush is always volatile, right? Sometimes it's higher than it is now. But recently, when it has been, it's sort of in a really deep backwardation. And now the crush curve is actually pretty stable, and that seems like it might be kind of a better operating environment for you as opposed to kind of a really high front month crush and then and then lower out on the curve. I mean can you talk about how market structure might be influencing your outlook for crush here and some of your earlier comments? 
Gregory Heckman: Sam, there's probably 2 things to think about. One, the ag markets and the crush in the curve, the most liquidity is always in the first 90 days, the first quarter and then the second quarter out, some of that visibility in liquidity is there, but not as much, and that's kind of historical with these markets. So yes, when the market is such that we're getting more signals, there's more liquidity and more visibility a little farther out. That's a better operating environment. Now the other I would say is the board crush is part of the calculation, of course, the cash crush ultimately is what -- how we execute each of those legs in the cash market. It's ultimately the money that we bring to the bottom line for all of our stakeholders.
 And I think what you've seen in the execution, even after we get ourselves hedged out on the Board, ultimately, it's getting hedged out on the cash and how the teams execute right up until when we receive the beans and ship the oil and ship the meal there's opportunity to continue to upgrade and maximize what our ultimate realized crush value is. And that's why I think the team has been doing a fantastic job. If there ends up being upside in Q4, the drivers will be what we have opened and to see crush margins improve as we locked it in, but it will also be in the quality of the execution around the cash legs that are still open or as we see some dislocation and changes in our global footprint. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. 
Steven Haynes: Wanted to just come back to maybe the soy oil part of the equation for a second and the kind of some of the weakness in the D4 RINs. And maybe if you could just provide some thoughts on why right now, it seems like some of the weakness in the RINs market is kind of flowing back into soybean oil rather than kind of compression like compressing RD margins? And then you also talked about the possibility of some policy. Can you just maybe help balance some of this out. I mean do you have a rough time line for when you think that could take shape? And what kind of yes, policy adjustments, which you expect? 
John Neppl: Yes. This is John. Look, I think related to D4 RINs, certainly, some of that has to do with the relatively low RVO that came out and then you have biodiesel being imported into the U.S. that's carrying RINs with it. And so the market feels a little heavier right now. But ultimately, I think the policy change that's coming in 2025, where we switched from a blenders credit to a producer's credit will -- should have a positive impact for us and for RIN values at that point. So we'll be watching that closely. And then ultimately, what does EPA do with RVO levels.
 California implied that they'll take a harder look at what production capability is and adjust their target blending requirements in California based on the industry's ability to produce RD -- if the RVO -- if the EPA takes a similar stance, then maybe that will be positive as well, that's to be seen, certainly. But we think the industry is certainly capable of producing a lot more than what the RVO would imply. And so we'll be watching that going forward as well. But ultimately, I think 2024 will be a bit of a transition year. Here, we'll see how things shake out. But I think long term, we're still very positive on the direction. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks. 
Gregory Heckman: All right. Thank you. I'd like to thank everyone for joining us today, and I appreciate your interest and support of Bunge. Again, I'd like to thank the team for great execution and just the focus on the things that we can't control and what continues to be a complicated world. But we continue to be confident in our ability to execute. Look forward to seeing you again. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bunge Limited Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note today’s event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator and thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I’d like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge’s Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I’ll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the team for their dedication and focus throughout the quarter. Our performance proves that we can execute on big strategic moves like entering into our business combination agreement with Viterra while continuing to keep our eye on the ball operationally. We clearly had a lot going on over the past several quarters, and this team stayed sharp in our day-to-day business, delivering outstanding results and continuing to serve our customers at both ends of the value chain. At the same time, we capitalized on this unique opportunity to enhance the Bunge franchise for the future. John and I, along with the entire leadership team, are extremely proud of this work. We continue to make progress on our combination with Viterra and filed our preliminary proxy statement in connection with the proposed transaction last week. We’re excited to bring our teams and assets together to create a premier Agribusiness solutions company built to address some of the most pressing needs of the 21st century across food, feed, and fuel. Turning to the second quarter, it was a dynamic environment and our team showed agility. They did a great job of managing against the downside and being smart with the opportunities that were available. In particular, we were able to use our footprint and value chain connectivity to optimize margins as market conditions changed later in the quarter. While volatility can provide opportunities, it’s difficult to predict the timing and where within the value chain those opportunities for upside will appear. However, our ability to execute in rapidly changing environments gives us confidence that we can create value over the long-term. We also saw benefits from our investments in maintenance and productivity with improved reliability and reduced the amount of unplanned downtime across our platform. Looking ahead to the remainder of the year, and based on the forward curves today and on the market environment, which from a macro and geopolitical environment is as geopolitically complex as we’ve ever seen, we’re increasing our full-year adjusted EPS outlook to at least $11.75 per share. I’ll hand the call over to John now to walk through our financial results and outlook in more detail, and we’ll then close with some additional thoughts. John?
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let’s turn to the earnings highlights on slide 5. Our reported second quarter earnings per share was $4.09 compared to $1.34 in the second quarter of 2022. Our reported results included a positive mark-to-market timing difference of $0.59 per share and a negative impact of $0.22 per share related to one-time items. Adjusted EPS was $3.72 in the quarter versus $2.97 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $893 million in the quarter versus $709 million last year. Agribusiness adjusted results of $674 million were up compared to last year. In processing, higher results in the quarter reflected better year-over-year performance across all value chains, driven in part by strong Brazil soybean origination, which contributed to higher crush results in Brazil and our destination crush operations in Europe and Asia. In the U.S., results were also higher as we entered the quarter with a significant portion of our capacity locked in at higher margins. In merchandising, higher results in global oils and grains were more than offset by lower results in our financial services and ocean freight operations, which had difficult comparisons to a particularly strong prior year.  Refined and Speciality oils continued its trend of strong performance though results were slightly lower than last year. Our results in North America driven by food service and fuel demand were offset by slightly lower results across Europe, South America and Asia. In Milling, low results in the quarter were primarily driven by our South American operations, which were negatively impacted by the small Argentine wheat crop. Segment results in the prior year benefited from effective risk management of our supply chains during a period of high market volatility. The increase in corporate expenses in the quarter primarily reflected planned investments in growth and productivity related initiatives that will pay off in future periods. Lower other results related to our captive insurance program and Bunge Ventures. Results on our non-core sugar and bioenergy joint venture included a $39 million benefit from the reversal of evaluation allowance. In addition, improved results reflected higher sugar prices that more than offset lower ethanol prices. Adjusting for notable items, net interest expense is $78 million in the quarter was down slightly compared to last year, as higher average variable rates were offset by higher interest income. For the six months of the year, income tax expense was $381 million compared to $144 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to higher pre-tax income in 2023, as well as a change in geographic earnings mix. Let’s turn to slide 6 where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT trends over the past four years, along with the trailer 12 months. Our team continues to deliver excellent performance, especially when considering the rapidly changing market conditions we have faced, while also executing on a variety of internal initiatives to improve our capabilities. Slide 7 details our capital allocation of the approximately $1.4 billion of adjusted funds from operations that we have generated year-to-date. After allocating $181 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety, we had approximately $1.2 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $180 million in common dividends, and invested $360 million in growth and productivity related CapEx, leaving approximately $630 million in retain cash flow. We have not purchased any shares this year as a result of our discussions to combine with Viterra. However, we recently announced that our board has expanded our existing share repurchased program to $2 billion. We want to be in the market as soon as possible, and we expect that a meaningful portion of these repurchases will be executed prior to the close of the Viterra transaction, with remainder to be completed within 18 months of that date. As shown in Slide 8, at quarter-end Readily-Marketable Inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $3.6 billion. This reflects our use of retained cash flow to fund working capital while reducing debt. Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter-end all $5.7 billion of our committed credit facilities was unused and unavailable, providing a sample liquidity to manage our on-going capital needs. And working with our key banking partners, we also recently secured $8 billion in the form of term loan commitments to fund our combination with Viterra. Please turn to Slide 10. The trailing 12 months suggested ROIC was 20.3%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost to capital 7.7%. ROIC was 15.1%, also well above our weighted average cost to capital 7%. Moving to Slide 11, for the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $2.1 billion and a cash flow yield of 19.2%. Please turn to Slide 12 and our 2023 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the first half of the year results and the current margin environment in four curves, we have increased our full year 2023 adjusted EPS outlook to at least $11.75 per share. In Agribusiness, full year results are forecasted to be down from last year, though slightly better than our prior outlook, as higher results in processing are more than offset by low results in merchandising. However, depending on how market conditions evolve over the remainder of the year, there could be upside to our segment outlook. In Refined Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be up from our prior outlook and in line with last year’s record performance. In Milling, full year results are expected to be lower than our prior outlook and significantly down from a strong prior year. In Corporate and other results are expected to be in line with last year. In Non-Core full year results in our sugar and bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with the last year. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2023; an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 24%, net interest expense in the range of $350 million to $370 million dollars, which is down from our prior outlook of $360 million to $390 million. Capital expenditures in the range are $1 billion to $1.2 billion, which is up to $200 million from our prior outlook reflecting the purchase of a U.S. oil refinery during the second quarter and depreciation amortization of approximately $415 million. With that, I’ll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing our top strategic priorities to better serve the needs of customers, both farmers and in consumers, regardless of the market environment. Over the last several years, we’ve seen more volatility in the market, and we’re all managing through challenges, including food security, market access, and then increasing demand for sustainable food feed and fuel production. As a world’s population continues to grow, it will take a collective effort in the industry, to more efficiently address these challenges, and Bunge has an important role to play. Together with Viterra, we will be able to utilize our combined platforms and capabilities to more broadly and rapidly expand our work to support sustainable and transparent value chains. This includes promoting sustainable practices such as low carbon product streams, the acceleration of regenerative agriculture to reduce GHG emissions, and importantly, full end-to-end traceability across major crops. During the quarter, we announced the creation of a regenerative agricultural program in Brazil, in partnership with Orígeo, to support Brazilian farmers in the transition to low carbon agriculture, offering technical support tools, products, and services. The program has already enrolled large scale farmers, covering more than 250,000 hectares. We also launched a strategic alliance in commercial agreement with Nutrien Ag Solutions to support U.S. farmers in the implementation of sustainable farming practices that will help increase the development of lower carbon products. This alliance will further strengthen Bunge’s connection with farmers in the U.S. and create value for participants across all our value chains. We continue to evaluate and execute on our pipeline of bolt-on M&A opportunities as we work through the process of combining with Viterra. And overall, we’re well positioned to deliver on our purpose of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver essential and sustainable food, feed, and fuel to the world while always looking for ways to improve. And with that, we’ll turn to Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Today’s first question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Theurer: Good morning, Greg, John congrats on the very strong results first of all.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, Ben.
Benjamin Theurer: So it’s like a kind of two-sided question. Obviously, thanks for the clarity on the guidance increase in which you’re implying into it. But in the commentary in the release, you talk about the potential upside depending on market conditions. And I really like to understand and maybe ask you to select a little bit on the upside. What are factors that could drive that earnings higher and what’s the potential here? Also in light of like just the general market conditions you’ve talked about the geopolitical stress. We talked about weather. There’s is El Nino coming in. So how does this all kind of combine and play a role to potentially help you boost earnings above what is that at least $11.75 target? Thank you.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Let me start here and John can add in if I miss anything here. Look, I think we feel good about the at least $11.75. And, we’re also trying to evaluate the landscape on what’s the size of the plus as we go forward. But if you look, the meal and oil demand drivers continue to be intact. You look globally and between pork and poultry, the numbers are stable. It looks like wheat is not going to be as competitive as it’s a little tighter. So that should help meal as far as inclusion in the rations. And just generally, food and fuel demand for oil both remain solid. So when you think about the upside rate, merchandising is always the one that’s tough to forecast. Not only the timing of it, but where within the value chain and within those opportunities are going to happen. But look, I think what we’ve seen the last four years and the challenges and again here in this last quarter that this team does a heck of a job when the opportunities there on bringing it home and executing. And so we’ll continue to focus on that. China, I think there’s still the opportunity for improved demand there with the recovery. So that’s one we’re watching. And then we’re now seeing the dislocation from the small crop in Argentina start to play out here in the second half. And we’re having to call on capacity in the rest of the world. So with that dislocation really, how will crush margins play out? So that’ll be a key to watch with a little bit possible upside there. And then lastly, I think we saw it just starting the last time we all talked was the RD capacity starting to run better, seeing a little stronger demand for oil here in the U.S. And that’s continued. So we’ll be watching closely how they run in the second half. So I think those are some of the key flags. And of course, weather is always out there. We’ve got to make this crop in North America. That’s important. And then, of course, the humanitarian corridor now closed again, making it more difficult to get those supplies out of Ukraine and creating more volatility in dislocation. Of course, the market will do its job and try to bring what it can out over land. But that situation could change, pretty, pretty rapidly. So that’s another one we continue to watch.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben, I’d also add that coming into Q3; we were fairly covered in terms of crush. So upside, if there’s upside in crush, it’s more likely to come in Q4, where we’re a lot more open in terms of our capacity. And margins are pretty weak in Brazil right now. And so we’ll keep an eye on that as well. Any improvement there obviously is going to be helpful.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay. And then just one quick follow up. You talked about the renewable diesel capacity. I mean, obviously, we got the final decision from EPA. How do you feel about like the final decision, no major change to what came out back November, December, but just like the market itself and how that’s going to play a role for the demand go forward for the feedstock you’re providing?
John Neppl: Yes, I think when you, Ben, this is John, when you look forward, and one of the things we’ve done is modeled kind of the look based on RVO thresholds, it’s still things are pretty tight going forward, based on what’s been announced in terms of crush capacity, and what’s going to be needed in terms of feedstock. What I would consider fairly modest capacity utilization numbers in the RD industry, things are still going to be very tight. So we feel pretty good about where it’s headed. We obviously do a lot of business in the energy space and feel good about and feel good about the volume increase that we’re seeing and the commitment to that. And, and so we’re still bullish.
Benjamin Theurer: Perfect. Thanks. I’ll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Salvator Tiano: Yes, thank you very much. So firstly, I just wanted to ask about the processing business performed extremely well. If you can tell us a little bit about your expectations, was this, did this performance come more from higher crush margins? Or was it the better trading environment in Brazil for oilseeds that helps you there?
Gregory Heckman: Yes, a little bit of both. If you look when we came into the quarter, the team had done a pretty good job of getting us the capacity hedged out during some of the crush margins. So when things got weaker there for a period of time during the quarter, we didn’t have to participate. And then the team, I think, did a very good job on what capacity we did have open on being very patient. And what we saw in the numbers and as Argentina crush was slowing down, that we felt things had to recover. So they also did a great job with the capacity we did have open to being very patient and hedging that out late in the quarter as things were covered. We also the tail end of the soybean harvest there in South America and our origination footprint down there as you know is very good. The team did a great job. Also we not only got the benefit in the origination in an hour crushing in Brazil but of course that feeds our destination crush in Europe and in Asia and China and Vietnam. So we got the benefit as well in crushing there. And then it’s of course as we got into the the corn harvest and in Brazil right on the back of the big bean harvest we had talked about things we thought were going to be pretty stressed from a logistics storage and handling and our footprint is set up to handle that domestic demand as well as that export demand and the team did a very good job managing that not only in the bean origination but then on the exports on the corn side and the corn value chain executed very well. So it’s just real good execution across the opportunities.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. Thank you. And I also wanted to ask a little bit about the Refining Speciality Oils business I just feel demand was good, can you especially North America can you let us know a little bit how does your end market, how do you end markets look today versus a few years ago when we think about the food versus fuel demand?
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Look, the RSO and the specialty oils, specialty fats and oils team continues to do a great job serving our customers there. Over 80% of our oil still is going into the food channels even though the fuel is growing and very important to us. And I think we're benefiting from what we saw on the back of the pandemic and the supply chain challenges that we were there for our customers. And so we've grown with those key customers, and we continue to help innovate and supply them as we're seeing some of these value chains switch around with the growth in the fuel demand. I think you remember we have our new refinery that we bought from Fuji down in Louisiana that’s been a great addition here in North America continuing to serve our food customers and the teams done a great job of kind of getting that folded into our network and providing different seed and tropical oils to those customers as we bring all those food customers on and get them approved, so we’ve been excited about that. And just overall the environment in North America has remained strong. We’ve seen some channel switching right, we’ve seen a little bit of switch from packaged foods into the QR [Ph] or packaged foods from the brands maybe in the private label. And we’ve seen some switching on the food service side more into the QSR, but that’s not necessarily negative total overall volume for us in oil demand but the consumer is doing a little bit of switching, but overall demand continues to be there.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And if I may just ask a little bit also for more clarity on as we think about your oil volumes that do go into renewable diesel in general and renewable fuels, how do you compare the volumes that are sold as crude oil versus the volume that you’ll sell as refined and is there a shift in the positive quarters to what’s selling more refined oil towards fuel versus crude oil.
Gregory Heckman: I know I think as the industry’s come up right there hasn’t been as much pre-treatment built in the beginning. So we haven’t seen any big changes in the mix of refined versus crude. I think we’ve all talked about that going forward in the coming years we expect maybe to see some of that switch move from refined and move back to see the amount of crude growth. I mean that doesn’t mean refined will go down, but you may see the crude demand grow as pre-treatment comes in but the demand for oil overall increased. But I think that’s we’re looking out 24 and beyond don’t really see any big switch here in 23. I don’t think in our book.
Salvator Tiano: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our question today comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey thanks good morning and congrats on the exceptional quarter. I want to ask a little bit about the kind of another follow-up question on the processing business just because 2Q was so exceptional. When you looked at the back half of the year the curves are quite constructive it looks as though as you said the Spider-Man factors from meal and oil are positive, can you tease out a little more as you look to the back half, what in the second quarter was kind of unique to the second quarter that’s maybe inherently difficult to predict recurring in the back-half versus just uncertainty broadly for the segment.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, well, I think in the second quarter, of course, we had the last of the Brazilian harvest, right? The origination there. And I think the focus really here in the second half comes to Argentina where you had to crop that was, 44 million tons in 2022 and here in 2023 it’s probably in the low 20s. And so we’re going to really feel that that crush missing in Argentina, that export of meal and oil. So that will be the key how that plays out here for the balance of Q3 and Q4. And then continuing to make the crop in North America and seeing the, the bean crop come in for Q4 to support the crush margins there in the U.S. And the other is, it looks like, some of the global demand and primarily demand to China being filled by South America that keeps the beans home in the U.S., which is probably constructive to crush there. So those are, be some of the key things to watch as well.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Fair enough. My second question is a little bit longer term oriented. You guys filed your proxy statement late last week there were a number of interesting things in there. The long-term forecast that you presented, I’m curious, if you could give us some context around kind of the, the confidence level in those forecast, recognizing it’s hard to forecast the business of a long time period, but presumably, those were presented to the board, as justification for the, the value of the criteria deal. Can you talk a little about the assumptions that went into those forecast, they, they look pretty constructive. And then second in the proxy, there were some incremental synergies that you called out as well, and kind of to the extent that you can shed light on how you arrived at the synergies above and beyond the 250 million would be of interest as well.
John Neppl: Sure. Ben, I can take that. Yes in terms of the, in terms of the long range forecast, our forecast is there’s principally what we rolled out a year ago in our strategic financial model in terms of getting to the $12 a share by 2026, the $11 to $12, the 11 plus the upside, probably into ‘26 and ‘27. So very much the basis of our forecast was driven off of that same, the same outlook, and we still feel like that’s largely intact. And so we didn’t have to do a lot of recreation to, to develop this forward numbers we already had them, and obviously tweaked those a little bit here and there but largely right on track. With respect to Viterra, they don’t, they don’t do, they didn’t have a forward forecast, they don’t do one. So we, we did put something together that we felt was a pretty good indication of baseline for them over the next several years, and obviously, our goal would be to outperform, outperform that as we move forward. In terms of the synergies, we had, we had disclosed 250 million at the time we made the announcement, that was focused solely on cost. In the proxy, we also included about $80 million of what we would call kind of operating synergies so things around logistics and procurement and things that weren’t purely cost-related, but where we, we saw some opportunity from an operational standpoint, but none of that includes what we, what we consider commercial synergies, the way we’re going to operate going forward and the opportunity that combined company is going to have from a commercial standpoint transaction standpoint. So still, a bigger number than what we used in our modeling and what we used in the announcement and what we used in our original accretion calculation, but still not including the upside that we see in the commercial side going forward.
Ben Bienvenu: Well, that’s great. Thanks so much, Greg, John I appreciate you taking my questions.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks Ben.
Operator: Thank you .And our next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead.
Manav Gupta: So guys, my question relates to an announcement you made about a month ago, where you are acquiring some businesses in Argentina, with your partner Chevron. So help us understand the, the thought process behind this acquisition. And the broader question is Chevron obviously wants to go much bigger in sustainable aviation fuel. They will need a lot of feedstock. So do you see your partnership with Chevron extending beyond where it is right now?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. We love our partnership with Chevron. It has -- we’re just at the beginning of that relationship. But we’re very like-minded about each leveraging our strengths individually as well as collectively. And I think that’s an example of an opportunity that we identified to invest in another novel seed that could create a low CI feedstock for, as you say, not only renewable diesel, but maybe long-term sustainable aviation fuel. And so you’ll see us continue to look for those opportunities, not just in North America, but globally, as shown by the Argentine investment, to do things that meet the needs of the marketplace because we can serve both food and fuel. The market will work. There will continue to be innovation. And we’re just really pleased to have a partner like Chevron to look at a number of these opportunities with.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say to Manav, I’d add on top of that, that SAF absolutely is a long-term focus. And I think a lot of what we’re doing today with Chevron on the renewable diesel side will very much support a transition to SAF over time as they look to do that. We’ll be right here providing the necessary feedstock, both soybean oil and more and more low CI feedstocks as well.
Manav Gupta: We agree. It looks like a great partnership. My quick follow-up is we have seen a very strong rebound in the soy cost spread in the U.S. The other regions are responding, but at a slower pace. So help us understand a little bit better why has the U.S. crush spread rebounded so much faster than other places?
Gregory Heckman: Well, I think some of it how the farmer marketing responded. We saw some weather concerns. You saw the markets rally on those weather concerns, and that created an opportunity for the producer to market somewhere of their crop. So that made the beans available here even though we’re in the old crop. And then, of course, the mill and oil demand has hung in there. As we talked about, the animal numbers are still there. Animal profitability has improved a little bit. And then on the oil side, the food demand, why we’re seeing channel switching, the food demand has hung in there and the energy demand is growing, so just a good demand environment.
Manav Gupta: Thank you for the detailed responses.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you, good morning, everyone. Maybe just following up on Manav’s last question and you alluded to in the prepared remarks about Brazil crush margins and maybe still being not the forward curves being a little bit less robust. What do you think is holding back Brazil at this juncture from seeing the margin -- the crush margin strength that you’re seeing in North America? Argentina export competition won’t be there. The oil demand seems to be healthy. So what’s holding back Brazil in particular because it does seem to be an important source of upside to or the plus in the second half guidance?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Brazil has been pretty good until recently. So I think we’re encouraged as we see less pressure from Argentina here in the second half. Look, we’ve got an election coming up and devaluation is possible. But we really are starting to feel the shortage of beans there in Argentina, and we’re not going to feel it just in Brazil, but overall. So I think we’re encouraged for Q4. But the global system, it will be more than just Brazil has got to step up. We got lower energy costs in Europe, and there’ll be less pressure from being an oil exports out of Argentina in Europe as well. So I think it’s an encouraging setup.
John Neppl: Yes. I think on top of that, Adam, we have really good strong farm origination in Q2. And since then that has slowed down a bit, and we’ll see how it transpires as we go through the balance of the year, whether liquidity will be there or not in Q4. And to Greg’s point earlier, soybean oil is a little heavy in Brazil right now. But demand to B12, we’ll see how that plays out the balance of the year. But certainly an area where things line up, there could be some upside.
Adam Samuelson: All right. That’s very helpful. And if I could just ask a follow-up on the origination side for Brazil on corn. And certainly, that was or appear to be a nice contributor in the second quarter. Just can you be clear on what is actually assumed from a corn origination perspective in the second half of the year? We see that with a large crop and still some of the logistics pressures, that, that should be a pretty healthy contributor both absolute and year-over-year in second half that didn’t quite have last year.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, it was definitely helped contribute there in Q2. And then, of course, we saw some of the demand shift to Brazil from the U.S. as that as that corn crop was harvested and the markets adjusted. That, of course, is in our forecast for the book that we’ve got on and what we expect from execution is in our forecast for the second half, although as always with merchandising, we’re forecasting what we can see. And as things shift around, there could be some continued upside that the team will take advantage of as we get other dislocations. And as things play out in the Ukraine as well and as we get the final development of what’s the size of that U.S. crop going to be.
Adam Samuelson: That’s all very helpful. I’ll pass it on, thanks.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, Adam.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hey thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask a question on your JV on the West Coast with plans to triple mill capacity in the coming years and given that it’s on the West Coast probably eliminates some destinations. But where are you kind of expecting that soy yield to end up? And more specifically, is it kind of targeting China? Or just kind of any thoughts generally on where you see some excess soymeal production from the U.S. finding its way overseas.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. It’s definitely the Asian demand in general. And as a reminder, one of the great things about our team, we’ve got a lot of capillarity and granularity in our meal distribution and merchandising. Today, we market more meal than we produce. We actually have to buy market in from the market to serve our customers. So we’re excited about that investment out of Longview to add meal handling capacity. So we’re going to be able to handle more. It also makes us more efficient, which will help serve those end customers and also provide a market as some of the additional crush comes on here in the U.S and where already, we talked about the Destrehan, where we’ll be expanding with our Chevron JV. Our crush there will have swing to soft. But we’re -- if you remember right, we’re right there at New Orleans. So again able to export that meal and so this is kind of a parallel investment if you think about it in the P&W to get that meal that naturally flows off the West into those Asian demand markets.
Steven Haynes: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question today comes from Thomas Palmer of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning and thanks for the question. Your tone has been quite positive I think today with a few call-outs about what could drive upside to guidance. So I don’t think there are any major concerns maybe in the second half. But at the same time, you just beat by over $1 on the EPS side. Low end of your guidance was boosted by $0.75. So I thought I’d at least ask, relative to your expectations, are there emerging risks that we should be monitoring as we look towards the second half of the year?
Gregory Heckman: I think we’re always managing the volatility and the dislocation, the things that went into our thought were; one, there was probably some of that earnings that fell in Q2. There might have been a little bit of timing from Q3. So that’s maybe why 100% of that didn’t transfer into the year. And then look, you can have two extreme of volatility, right? This humanitarian corridor getting that supply out of Ukraine efficiently, not only the volume, but what it costs and the effect that has on the other origins in the world market to feed demand. You still got the weather situation playing out in North America, what will that supply be on the corn and the bean side. And then, of course, just the overall how the China demand continue to develop. And then you’ve got Argentina with the election cycle with a possible devaluation. So when I said that if you look at it from a macroeconomic as well as the geopolitical standpoint, I don’t think we’ve probably ever seen quite as complex environment, and then you can go ahead and throw interest rates and the effect on FX and how that can affect exports as well. It’s a pretty interesting dynamic environment. We’re really glad that we’ve got this great global footprint to operate from. And the great team that’s running it. And I think that’s what we’ve shown that whatever the challenge the team has been doing a great job of delivering. But there’s definitely a few uncertainties here in the second half.
John Neppl: Yes. And I think Tom, given how we came into the quarter coming into Q3 with quite a bit of our crush locked in Q3, probably won’t get the upside maybe if the market tightens and crush margins move up. Of course, Q4 is fairly open, but that’s been where there’s been the least amount of liquidity. And Brazil is still not super strong there. But again, areas where we take the curves and then if things improve, it’s going to provide us some upside.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thanks for that. And just maybe a follow-up on the flow-through of earnings on these moving pieces. As we think about just the cadence of the second half of the year. If we think about the lower end of your guidance, is there favorability? I mean it seems like if things go better, right, it would be weighted to that fourth quarter. But if it’s just kind of more of that baseline guidance, how balanced would it be between the two quarters?
John Neppl: Yes, we’re weighted a little more towards fourth quarter today. So just the way we put the forecast in today, it’s already weighted a bit to Q4 just given what we know about Q3 and what we see. It’s probably close to 40, 60, maybe low 40s, high 50s between Q3 and Q4 is kind of how we think about it.
Thomas Palmer: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Andrew Strelzik with BMO. Please go ahead.
Andrew Strelzik: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. And you just touched on some of this. But I guess your first half earnings is typically over the last decade or so, like 30% or 40% of what you would generate on an annual basis. Last year was around 50%, and the guidance this year at the $11.75 would be more like 60%. So at the risk of being redundant, I guess, I mean, does it make sense that this year would be so much more first half weighted absent kind of particularly poor U.S. crop understanding. You just called out maybe a little bit of timing shift between 2Q and 3Q, but more broadly than that.
John Neppl: Yes, Andrew, I can start, and Greg can pop in here. Look I think yes, last year we were a little closer to 50-50. We were weighted still a little bit more toward the first half of the year. But every year is different. I think the dynamics are we feel really good about the first half that we had, and it’s really probably more an indication of uncertainty in the second half than it is any sort of an unusual trend of earnings between first half, second half. I think just looking at, as Greg alluded to the geopolitical uncertainty, crops playing out, weaker forward curves in some parts of the world that we’re hoping firm up. That’s just kind of how things look today. But I think I wouldn’t point to or I don’t know that we can point to any shift sort of in the global market that caused us to earn more in the first half other than to Greg’s point, we pulled a little bit probably forward just given the strong origination results in Brazil and how that impacted our crush in Europe and China. But we’ll see. I think that we hope to have some upside, and we’ll keep watching things.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay. That’s helpful, thank you. And then my other question. You referenced still looking at bolt-on M&A and obviously, you’ve been spending a lot of growth capital that you’d expected to come on really in 2025. So I guess, number one, with maybe a better operating environment, how is the M&A market right now? How do those opportunities look? And number two given the strong environment, does it change the timeline for returns on those capital projects? Does it pull them forward? Are you still thinking that 2025 is really kind of the timeline to which you would start to realize that? Thanks.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say -- I’ll start and then Greg can hop in here. But I would say our capital, our CapEx pipeline, our growth capital is still pretty much on track in terms of timing. It is going to be 2025, 2026 as we start to realize those projects, a lot of them are big multiyear builds, but we still feel very good about those. We’re constantly challenging our assumptions and our view of those projects and still feel very good about what we have in the pipeline. In terms of the M&A side, obviously, our number one priority is Viterra, getting ready for Viterra on the integration planning side and thinking about how the organizations are going to run together. We’re doing some preplanning on our side, getting ready for that. That’s our number one priority. But at the same time, we’re still finding a good pipeline of smaller bolt-on M&A things. And as we said before, that hasn’t changed our view of the CapEx and growth pipeline on the smaller bolt-on M&A. Viterra is going to be additive to that. So we continue to be active there. There’s a lot of things going on, maybe not all of them actionable. But certainly, we continue to be pretty busy on that front as well.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think John pretty much covered it. Just the one thing you asked from an environment. We’re definitely -- the complexity that we’ve spoken to is definitely for everyone, as well as you’ve got the highest interest rate environment than anyone has seen for a long time. And so that is creating some opportunities on the bolt-on M&A and things to look at. But as John said, Viterra is absolutely our number one priority, and we won’t let anything get in the way of that.
Andrew Strelzik: Great. Thank you very much.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead.
Sam Margolin: Hi, everybody. Got a follow-up on U.S. crush, and maybe I’ll phrase it in a little bit of a different way. But you’ve referred a number of times on the call to some crop uncertainty in the U.S. and the effect of this soybean supply uncertainty seems to be accruing to oil because as you say, that’s where the demand is. And so I don’t know that seems like it might be a paradigm shift or something to flag whereas normally, you would expect a low soybean crop to compress the crush because you don’t have enough input. Do you see it that way? Or is this something that you’ve seen before with light crops or crop uncertainty? Or is it -- is there maybe nothing to see here?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think the demand historically, right, oil has kind of been the laggard and meal in North America and Meal has been the driver for a long time. And with this switch and additional demand from energy now, biofuels in general, but renewable diesel specifically, we’re now seeing oil carry a higher share and we kind of think that is there to -- that’s there to stay. But the market is going to do its work as that crop comes on. And the global market, we’re already seeing, it will probably be more fed that demand from South American beans where more of the U.S. beans will probably stay at home, and that will help balance the crush and the demand for the meal and the oil.
Sam Margolin: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up. You manage the volatility in crush really well. You talked about how you had a the high degree of your exposure locked in and the back end of the year is a little more open. But the curve is, like you say, it’s pretty strong. Is it -- would you say, and maybe you don’t want to give us away for competitive reasons, but is this kind of $1.40 to $1.60 level in the forward crush sort of a smash hedge and you’re only limited by liquidity or would you play for upside?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Look, I’m really proud of the team being very thoughtful, right on the earnings at risk in the assets. And that’s not only the crushing, but the milling as well as our export assets. And when those margins are there, and we’re constantly evaluating this, not only the public information, but our proprietary information and looking at the S&Ds. And you’re right, there is more liquidity close in than there is further out. But when those margins are there, we’ll hedge them out. And I feel like the team is very focused on managing our risk, and we continue to stay focused. It depends on our earnings power, and it also depends on the environment that we’re operating in. And we always push everything through those two lenses. So real proud of the team staying absolutely focused on managing the risk in these assets.
John Neppl: Sam, I’d just add that we talk about the coverage in general terms. But obviously, it’s by geography. So by value chain is how we see the opportunity. So it can vary between value chains. So the U.S. versus South America versus Europe or destination crush in China. Coverage can vary depending on how we see the market going forward or how we see the forward curve. So -- but all in all, to Greg’s point, I think we’ve been -- the team has done a great job of taking the opportunities when they’re there. Liquidity sometimes can be a constraint. But generally speaking, I think the discipline that we practice in the organization has shown to be very successful.
Sam Margolin: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Robert Moskow with CD Colin. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, there. Maybe just a couple of follow-ups. You mentioned the demand outlook in China is still kind of up in the air. I want to know, do you have any more color on what you see in demand in China currently, restaurant versus just packaged food demand or livestock, and then a quick follow-up.
Gregory Heckman: Yes, the animal numbers have continued to hold up despite there being some margin compression there. The customers have been very spot. And I think one of our team talked about the margins that are being like an accordion. They’re kind of up and down. But the way we’re set up over there and support that business, the team is very agile. And so we’ve been able to lock those margins when they are there. From a demand standpoint, we think there continues to be some additional growth. I think our kind of anecdotal, what our team on the ground sees is the domestic demand is kind of back. What we’re really lacking are the places that we serve that are more tourists or business travellers and the traffic there still we’re seeing as down, although the domestic traffic is up. So that’s where the upside would have to come from.
Robert Moskow: Got it. And I don’t know if I’ve heard you talk about this recently, but in a higher interest rate environment, I would imagine your balance sheet is a real competitive advantage. And I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about how you’ve used it in your procurement practices in Brazil, how it’s helped you maybe even in second quarter. And also, how does it impact the growers? Are their balance sheets impacted by rising debt costs? And does it make them more willing sellers?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I’ll maybe talk to the macro, and maybe John will drill in a little bit. But I think it -- you’re exactly right. It is a competitive advantage for us. We are a nonbank lender, the relationship that we have with our origination customers as well as our consuming customers, right? Their facilities don’t move. Our facilities don’t move. These are long-term relationships, and we want to help them be successful. The other thing is if you look at the last few years with some of the commodity finance things that have happened in the market, the banks have backed off on some of the commodity financing and then with higher interest rates and tighter credit from a competitive standpoint, there aren’t as many alternatives for people. So we do play that role as one of the services, whether it’s with some of our minority investments with our resellers, if it’s with our long-term origination farmer partners or even our end users. So our balance sheet, and John and team do a great job of protecting that and ensuring that we’ve got the liquidity to operate because in this business, it’s very different than an industrial business. The working capital is, it’s like electricity. It is a bit the blood in the veins of this business, and it’s an important thing. And that’s why we focus on ROIC and the team is constantly focused on making sure they do get a return on that working capital.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just add, Rob, that as we’ve strengthened our credit profile over the last couple of years, the industry, it’s helped us from an advantage standpoint because the industry and the market structure is ultimately going to be on average interest rates. And to the extent that we can borrow money cheaper than others, it should and does give us somewhat of an advantage in terms of being able to fund the RMI that Greg talked about and as well provide the financing to the producers with the appropriate spread on it. And ultimately, we feel like through the Viterra acquisition, obviously, we’ve -- that’s been -- that’s also viewed as very credit positive for us. So again, should extend that advantage that we have in the market to borrow money cheaper and maintain that liquidity that we need.
Robert Moskow: And the farmers themselves, has this influenced their willingness to sell at all? Or is it not like that?
John Neppl: Well, they’re ultimately economic animals, and the cost of carry certainly is important to them. And the market structure, we’ll have that cost to carry in it. But certainly, I think what it’s done for us is tighten our relationship with the farmers. I don’t know Greg, do you want to add anything else there?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. No, we’re always not only originating for our in-country demand, but were those markets that destination markets, right, out of Brazil where we’re serving Europe and our Asian markets in China and Vietnam. So our ability to provide that liquidity and even like 24, we haven’t seen much marketing on the farmers yet, but when they’re there, we have the capacity to be there when they want to go to market and when they want to hedge their risk. So we want to stay focused on helping our customers, not only in consumers, but our customer, the farmer be successful, manage their risk in this environment and help them accomplish their profitability goals and their growth.
Robert Moskow: That’s great. Thank you.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Brian Wright at Roth MKM. Please go ahead.
Brian Wright: Thanks good morning. Can you provide an update on the Viterra regulatory approval process? And maybe some color on your term milestones and pathways for this process?
Gregory Heckman: So yes, we’re early on. I think we talked about we just filed the proxy, and we are doing the regulatory filings. So early on in the process. But we continue to engage, and the asset bases are very highly complementary. So we look forward to engaging on the facts.
Brian Wright: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I’d like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in Bunge. We’re really excited about where we’re at in the stage of the company and the path of growth that we’re on, and we look forward to speaking with you next time. Have a great week.
Operator: Thank you, sir. This concludes today’s conference call. We thank you all for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 14:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited First Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator and thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the team for their continued focus and strong execution. While the volatility in the quarter was less than we experienced last year, we're still in a highly dynamic operating environment. The resiliency of our team are deep partnerships with customers across the value chain and our global platform enabled us to deliver another quarter of strong results. Our focus is on continuing to invest in strengthening our business so that we can provide customers from farmers to end consumers with solutions to some of the most pressing challenges facing them not only today but as we look ahead. The work we have done to improve and integrate our operational, commercial and risk management approach has enabled us to effectively manage through supply disruptions, severe weather impacts the lingering effects of the pandemic and the volatility in financial markets. When we execute and capitalize on the options our global footprint provides us along with our team's commitment to quality, service and innovation, we create value for all of our stakeholders. In short, we continue to demonstrate that our team and our diverse platform give us the ability to succeed in any operating environment and help our customers do the same. Turning to the first quarter; while many of the factors that drove extreme volatility this time last year are still in place, markets have stabilized somewhat. Our numbers this quarter reflect performance that was among the best in first quarters in Bunge's history, although down from prior year's record results which reflected those major market dislocations. Adjusted core segment EBIT in the first quarter benefited from a record performance in Refined & Specialty oils, offset by lower results in the remaining core segments. This is an industry that requires a long-term view and we're managing our business to maximize our earnings power over long periods of time. Our EPS over the last 4 years demonstrates the impact of the team's hard work to drive operational performance, optimize our portfolio and strengthen our financial discipline. Looking ahead and based on what we see in the market and the forward curves today, we are reaffirming our guidance for full year adjusted EPS to be at least $11. I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through financial results in detail and we'll then close with some additional thoughts on the remainder of the year. John?
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported first quarter earnings per share was $4.15 compared to $4.48 in the first quarter of 2022. Our reported results included a positive mark-to-market timing difference of $0.84 per share and a positive impact of $0.05 per share related to onetime items. Adjusted EPS was $3.26 in the quarter versus $426 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $756 million in the quarter versus $858 million last year. Agribusiness started the year off well. However, results were down from last year's particularly strong performance. In processing, lower results in the quarter were primarily driven by soy crush. Improved performances in North America and Brazil which benefited from strong protein and oil demand and reduced Argentine exports were more than offset by lower results in Argentina, Europe and Asia. In merchandising, results were lower in the quarter as margins declined from last year's levels which were impacted by market disruptions due to tight supplies and the war in Ukraine. Refined and specialty oils also started the year off on a strong note. All regions performed well with notable year-over-year improvements in North America and South America, both of which benefited from strong food and renewable fuel demand as well as effective utilization of our distribution network. In Milling, lower results were driven by South America where the small Argentine wheat crop negatively impacted our local upstream merchandising. This was partially offset by stronger structural margins in our milling operations in Brazil. Results in the U.S. were down slightly. Segment results in the prior year benefited from very strong South American origination margins during a period of high market volatility. The increase in corporate expenses in the quarter was largely driven by growth-related initiatives, offset in part by an increase in other results primarily related to Bunge Ventures. Lower results in our noncore sugar and bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by lower Brazilian ethanol prices and higher costs. Adjusting for notable items, net interest expense of $69 million in the quarter was up compared to last year, primarily due to higher variable interest rates, partially offset by higher investments in interest-bearing cash instruments and lower average debt levels. For the quarter, reported income tax expense was $183 million compared to $108 million in the prior year. The increase was primarily due to a change in geographic earnings mix as well as higher tax benefits in 2022 from releases of valuation allowances in Europe and Asia. Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our adjusted EPS and EBIT trends over the past 4 years, along with the trailing 12 months. This performance trend not only reflects the strength and resiliency of our global network of integrated assets and capabilities but also demonstrates the outstanding performance and agility of our team to adjust to the changing market conditions. Slide 7 details our capital allocation of the $625 million of adjusted funds from operations that we generated in the first quarter. After allocating $86 million of sustaining CapEx which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety. We had approximately $540 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $94 million in common dividends and invested $87 million in growth in productivity CapEx, leaving approximately $360 million of retained cash flow. During the first quarter, we did not repurchase shares. As we have discussed previously, we have a balanced approach to capital allocation and share repurchases are absolutely a component of that mix. However, they have been on hold over the last 2 quarters as we've been actively engaged in a variety of discussions to expand our global platform, scale and core capabilities. As we have been in the past, we will be disciplined and make the right decisions as quickly as possible. We believe our stock is undervalued and look forward to getting back in the market to continue our share repurchase program as soon as possible. As shown on Slide 8, at quarter end, readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $4.5 billion. This reflects our use of retained cash flow and proceeds from portfolio actions to fund working capital while reducing debt. Slide 9 highlights our liquidity position. At quarter end, all $5.7 billion of our committed credit facilities was unused and available, providing us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs. Please turn to Slide 10. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 19.8%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 7.7%. ROIC was 14.4%, also well above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%. At the end of the quarter, we had an unusually large cash balance of approximately $3 billion most of which is expected to be used toward repayment of upcoming debt maturities and increased working capital during the second quarter. When adjusting for this, the trailing 12-month ROIC and adjusted ROIC for the quarter were more in line with the previous 12-month period. Note that we increased both our WACC and adjusted WACC from 6% and 6.6%, respectively, to 7% to 7.7%, respectively, reflecting the current higher interest rate environment. Moving to Slide 11. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of over $1.9 billion and a cash flow yield of 18.2%. Similarly, we increased our cost of equity from 7% to 8.2%, reflecting the more recent market environment. Please turn to Slide 12 and our 2023 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account first quarter results and the current margin environment of forward curves. We continue to expect full year 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $11 per share. In Agribusiness, full year results are forecasted to be down from last year with slightly higher results in processing but more than offset by lower results in merchandising. However, depending on how market conditions evolve over the remainder of the year, there could be upside to our segment outlook. In Refined specialty oils, based on our stronger-than-expected first quarter performance, full year results are expected to be up from our prior outlook but still below last year's record performance. In Milling, full year results are now expected to be down from our prior forecast, reflecting a more challenging than expected first quarter. In Corporate and Other, results are expected to be in line with last year. In noncore, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with last year. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2023: an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 24%; net interest expense in the range of $360 million to $390 million which is down from our previous expectation; capital expenditures in the range of $800 million to $1 billion and depreciation; and amortization of approximately $415 million. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. Looking ahead, we're focused on investing to grow the business so we can increase our ability to serve our farmers and consumers regardless of the environment we're operating in. In the first quarter, we made strategic investments in our growth areas, including focusing on core origination and crush operations, expanding our innovative refined and specialty oil products and solutions and increasing our participation in renewable feedstocks and plant-based proteins. As part of our culture of continuous improvement, investments we made in our origination and crush operations are already showing results. Improvements in maintenance and reliability processes reduced overall unplanned downtime to a record low for the company. Our energy reduction projects are showing strong results and we put through record volumes in our ports in Brazil by adjusting our product mix to improve efficiency. Within Refined & specialty oils, in April, we announced the acquisition of Fuji Oil's newly constructed port-based refinery in Louisiana. This is part of our long-term strategy to expand our specialty oils business, by increasing our ability to serve our food customers with a variety of feedstocks. The team did a fantastic job of onboarding our new colleagues and we've already started serving food customers from that facility. Investing in innovation and technologies that support low-carbon initiatives are also a key part of our strategy. We've increased our participation in renewable feedstocks announcing a collaboration with Chevron and Cortiva AgroSciences to introduce proprietary winter canola hybrids to produce plant-based oils with lower carbon profiles. This creates new revenue opportunities for farmers with a sustainable crop rotation. Our goal is to increase the availability of vegetable oil feedstocks serving the growing demand for the domestic renewable fuels market. It is also another step in our commitment to creating clear paths to support decarbonization. We also announced a multiyear collaboration with Corteva to develop and commercialize soybean varieties that create new value for soybean farmers and feed customers. The protein meal from these varieties is expected to reduce the use of synthetic additives, lower costs and shrink their carbon footprint. This is another example of how our role as the global leader in oilseed processing uniquely positions us to leverage upstream and downstream partnerships with leading and innovative industry players to unlock value for our customers along the value chain. Executing our growth strategy will enable us to deliver on our purpose of connecting farmers to consumers to deliver sustainable and essential food, feed and fuel to the world. Many of the investments and partnerships we've announced, along with others in our pipeline, offer new tools and solutions to connect farmers with markets that value sustainable operations and production. And with that, we'll turn to the Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to start just with the guidance. You maintained the guidance of at least $11 this year. Obviously, the operating backdrop has been dynamic to start the year. And I think the composition of it looks a bit different now for the year versus when we last heard from you to start this year. So maybe if you could talk to us a little bit about kind of the shape of that at least $11. And you talked about the potential for guidance to be conservative depending on how the landscape evolves for the balance of this year. So maybe if you could talk a little bit about both the opportunities and threats you see in guidance.
Greg Heckman: Okay. Maybe I'll let John talk to the shape of it and then I'll kind of talk to the opportunity.
John Neppl: Yes. Thanks, Ben. Yes, when we look at the year, we had a good -- obviously, a good start to the year in Q1 and you did see some softness in the curves in Q2 but we had largely hedged heading into Q2. So the impact on us in Q2 won't be as significant as maybe what the curves may imply. But we are seeing a little bit of softness in Q2 versus where we were before but we we've seen upside more in Q4. So we're probably slightly skewing the earnings from where we were last quarter at maybe 55-45. We're a little bit maybe less than the first half more in a second but still expecting over 50% of the earnings in the first half. But again, with the improvement out in the back end and a little bit more visibility, we felt like we could take Q4 up to offset any softness in Q2.
Greg Heckman: Yes. And I'd say, if you kind of step back and why we feel good about the at least $11. I think it's really the size of the plus is what we'll be trying to figure out the rest of the year. If you look at the meal and oil demand drivers are definitely continue to be in place for the full year. If you look at global poultry and pork, those numbers are stable and in total, a little higher. The food and fuel demand for oil continues to remain very solid. And then when you think about the upside, right, merchandising, that's always the toughest 1 for us to forecast. We're not exactly sure of the timing or where along the value chain that, that's going to fall. But what we are confident in is that our team has the ability when those opportunities are there to execute against them. And it continues to be a pretty complicated placed globally, right? We've got a real crop problem in Argentina which is going to cost some dislocations and tighten things up globally in merchandising flows as well as in crushing. And then, of course, we still -- we're off to a good start but very early in the soybean planning here in North America. We still need to make a big crop in North America. And then the other right, China is the demand is improving. So we'll continue to watch that and see how much better that gets. And then I mentioned Argentina on crush, that dislocation is in place. It is going to call on crush around the globe and I think it will really be how those margins play out over the year. And then lastly, the U.S. R&D capacity, we're starting to see them catch up where they had been a little bit slow, bringing online some of the capacity that's in place. But those orders are starting to come in as well as some of the new RD capacity that is coming up here in the second half. And we're starting that position with a better book of sales on in our refining specialty oils in not only in the fuel side but in the food side as well as that continues to develop. And then you look at B12 just kicked off. We went from B10 to B12 in Brazil here in April as that begins to play out. And then the big Brazil bean crop, of course, that's helped margins in China. It's a crushing margins in Brazil and it's helping crushing margins in Europe as well as the less pressure from oil and meal shipping out of Argentina. And then as far as our merchandising and port business, it looks like we've got a big corn crop coming in Brazil. So that could be pretty favorable, too. So there's just a lot of moving pieces. We don't have visibility to exactly what they'll be. But frankly, versus when we talked 90 days ago, I think we feel definitely more confident in the at least $11 today than we did last time we rolled together.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, very good. Very helpful. My second question is related to the sugar business. I know we've been talking about this and asking you about this for a while. Can you give us any update to the extent you can on the potential time line for sale? Does this very strong sugar price market globally positively influence the potential price you might realize for that business? And maybe just more pointedly, do you think that's a 2023 event the sale?
John Neppl: Yes, Ben, it's hard to predict timing. We continue to work on that business. We've made it clear that long term, it's not core. And so we are still actively working on that; sometimes it just takes time, a lot of nuances when you have a partner and others involved. But fortunately, in the near term, margins are very good. Sugar prices are high and we think the business is going to perform extremely well until we don't own it. And we're hopeful to be able to pull some cash dividends out of that here going forward and continue to manage it and run it like we own it until we don't.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Congrats on the results. Just following up on the guidance piece and maybe digging a little bit into the refinement specialty oils. It was clearly a very strong start to the year, around about $50 million, up just in absolute terms but you're still guiding for like results to come in softer for the year. So help us understand what you're seeing in the market where you see the risks to not reach that a little over $800 million level you basically have in the last year. So what are the risks within that? And how realistic do you think those risks are? That would be my first question.
Greg Heckman: Sure, let me start. Yes, I think you've called out another area where we think we have some possibility for upside. Yes, it's very strong in Q4 and Q1. But as we came out of Q1, right, you'd seen palm supplies coming back globally. And so the global oil supply was definitely a little bit heavier. We've seen the RD industry, having trouble with startups and some of the capacity that is in shape. And so things were definitely a little softer at the end of the quarter and that was kind of how things fell for RSO. Now I would repeat that we've got our strongest sales book on for the balance of the year with both food and fuel customers with about 80% of our volume still goes to the food industry. That's generally a very good situation for as we book out the balance of the year. So we're -- I think, thinking that Palm will kind of tighten up as the balance of the year and oil demand continues to be there as the RD demand comes up. And even why we were a little concerned about recessionary concerns, our place kind of in the middle of the value chain, we don't feel those same impacts. And then we haven't seen demand come off on the food side. We have seen some switching from brands to private label. We've seen some switching in channels, maybe more QSR volume coming our way. But net-net, the volume continues to be in place. So, I think it's hard to see but we're pretty constructive. The challenge where we don't have as good a visibility Europe is probably the place on the softseed side, where we're a little concerned and maybe a little softer year-over-year. But I think the rest of it looks pretty good.
Benjamin Theurer: Okay, perfect. And then my second question is just around CapEx. And I mean, obviously, you reiterated the $800 million to about $1 billion guidance. You're running a little behind on a quarterly basis but clearly up versus last year. So how should we think about the CapEx throughout the year? And what are like kind of the scenarios to get to the higher versus the lower end of these CapEx plans? And what's the focus of that CapEx?
John Neppl: Yes. Look, I think we're starting to see some good momentum on the projects. And we do believe and I think right now, we got a good shot at being at the high end of that range in terms of CapEx for the year. Obviously, a lot of things got to keep rolling ahead. But we're finally getting in line on the cost side. We're getting projects that have been maybe a little bit slower to start, are now underway and we've cleared ground and some things. So optimistic that we can really get rolling on the CapEx side. And a good chunk of that is going to be on larger projects. We've got a handful of what we kind of talked call internally mega projects but it's the bigger ones, some of which we've talked about, certainly, the projects related to our Chevron JV Morristown, the Rotterdam plant in Europe that we've talked about, our Krishna plant in India which should be up and running here a little bit later this year. We're getting close on that one, a lot of those projects. And then, of course, we've got a number of debottlenecking projects and Greg alluded to some of those. And the benefits we've been seeing on some of those but those continue. So looking good on that front, I think. And then I would say out beyond this year, probably next year, if we can keep the momentum going, a shot of probably being a little bit higher next year on CapEx.
Operator: Our next question comes from Salvator Tiano with Bank of America.
Salvator Tiano: So firstly, I wanted to ask a little bit about the working capital, very big inflow in Q1 which is not also traditional seasonality. What I guess drove that? And also, how should we think now about the about working capital and operating cash flow for 2023 in total?
John Neppl: Yes. I think, look, from a working capital standpoint, usually, Q2 is our peak. And so as we see the harvest in Brazil and kind of things getting full swing and farmers get paid. We should see a working capital increase over the second quarter and typically peak. But you can see we were down year-over-year in terms of working capital usage and a lot of that is driven by prices. And so that's the big driver really of even more than volume generally is our commodity prices. We do, I would say, at this point, probably expect to be lower year-over-year overall for the year. And post Q2, it will taper off in Q3 and -- and then in Q4, typically, it can taper off a little bit because we pay a lot of the U.S. farmers even during harvest, they defer payments into the following year. But again, I would say year-over-year right now, our bias would be that working capital is going to be down a bit. So it will be a net cash generation for us from a cash flow from operations standpoint, although when we talk about funds from operations and free cash flow, we set aside the changes in working capital and we don't include that in our FFO calculation.
Salvator Tiano: Okay, perfect. And I wanted to also follow up on the comment you made earlier, essentially if I understood correctly, you're more confident right now in your guidance that your 90 days ago. And I found that a little bit surprising because when you think what has happened in the meantime, lower crop prices, potential for a good -- really good harvest in the U.S. and perhaps next year in Latin America and of course, the crush margins. I would have thought that it would -- we would see exactly the opposite, meaning that no matter how conservative your guidance would have been you have less confidence today versus 9 days ago. So can you elaborate a little bit on that? And what is essentially helping you despite market conditions getting worse, have more confidence today?
Greg Heckman: Sure. I think it starts with the global footprint that we've got and the team, the job they're doing executing. So if you look at our global crush footprint, while it's going to be definitely tough in Argentina with the size of that crop down from last year at 4 million metric tons to what could be $27 million that's going to call on capacity to run in the rest of the world to provide that meal and oil and we're well positioned there. And then the big crop in Brazil allows us to feed that crushing and has helped those margins. The other thing I want to make the comment versus 90 days ago, the other thing that we know, right, we executed very well during Q1. And then if you remember, we're always more liquidity in the next quarter and especially in the next 30 days. So while things are softer here, our team did a good job of managing the risk, managing the earnings at risk in our assets in getting this nearby softness hedged up. So we have some visibility on how we'll perform through here in the second quarter. And then, the curves have actually improved in the back half, especially in Q4. And so as we replenish the beans in North America and we've got to make that crop but I think that's expected and the acres will be there. And then what we're seeing from demand and what the markets are telling us and occurs in demand for meal and oil improving that, that outlook has improved as well. So -- and then, of course, the big corn crop that's going to need to be handled right on the back of a big bean crop in South America for our distribution, merchandising system that, that should also be -- put us in a good position. So, just we've got more visibility to not only what has been executed, what we have hedged and what we expect to be coming.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley.
Steven Haynes: I wanted to ask a follow-up on, I guess, the comment about kind of in lieu share repurchases, maybe reinvesting back in the business and building out the platform a bit more. I mean, can you give us a little bit of color about how you're kind of thinking about the various buckets that you've broken out in terms of sizing that? And then maybe from a geographic perspective also, where you would be looking to invest more and less.
John Neppl: Yes, Yes. I'll start and Greg can jump in, if needed. Look, in terms of share repurchases, I think it continues to be an important part of our allocation. And we have $300 million remaining on our current authorization that we'd like to -- we'd hope to get used up this year. We'll see. That would be our goal and then seek further authorization there. And going forward, we believe needs to be a continued part of our allocation strategy. In terms of capital allocation in general, I think we really look to strengthen across our broader platform, not only in crushing origination and continuing to look for opportunities there to consolidate the industry where we can, focus on expanding that in areas where we're weak. Potentially improving our origination strength, getting closer to the farmer which really fits well into our regen ag and some of the other efforts we're putting there. Also continuing to look for opportunities as we demonstrated with the Fuji plant, refiner specialty oils business which is an important part of our business going forward. That was a great acquisition example is something where we have a bolt-on that is up and running right away. Continuing to look at obviously through these capital projects, expanding our plant-based protein and so really kind of expanding all the way across our core businesses. From a geographic standpoint, I'd say largely North and South America at this point, just given some of the dynamics elsewhere. But as you know, we've got 2 plants a plant in Europe under construction and a plant in India that's being wrapped up here soon. So, it is spread out across the globe but I'd say probably more bent towards North and South America at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS.
Manav Gupta: I just wanted to follow up first on the March 14 announcement, you working with Chevron and Cortiva to develop produce winter canola, Help us understand where this partnership is heading which are the key milestones we should look at. And again, it looks very promising. So when should we start giving you some credit in your earnings for this kind of work that you're doing with Chevron and Cortiva?
Greg Heckman: We're really excited to be working with those 2 great partners. I think it's a great example of us connecting the value chain to really help make change at scale in developing renewable feedstocks. So this -- like many of these programs will develop as these seed varieties become available, then we commercialize them with the farmers. And then, of course, we've announced that we're expanding our crushing facility at Destrehan and of course, we have the investment in cover Crest as well. So these novel seeds and as you know, soft seed has a higher percent oil, we'll have switch capacity industry so that not only to feed it, whether it makes sense with soy or whether it makes sense with CoverCress or whether it makes sense with softseed canola domestically or being there on the port if it makes sense globally to be able to bring softseed globally. That's the kind of flexibility we want to build into our system when we invest. And that's not only on feeding it with the seed but also to the point that the exports that meal is calling on demand globally as meal is buying its way into the rations more heavily that we are setting there at the port, so we can feed those customers globally. So, it won't be a light switch or a big stair step. It will be continually and we'll continue to report on that as we move forward over time. And then, of course, the other project we talked about with Corteva which we're very excited and that's a multiyear program that has been going on for a period of time and it's getting to the point where we and Corteva decided it was time to talk a little bit about it. But that could be really exciting. Again, it's a profit opportunity for the farmers to grow a soybean that has a different amino acid profile when we then turn it into meal and that will create value for the farmer and it will create value for the feed manufacturer versus the synthetic amino acid. So that one is a little further out but really exciting on the magnitude that it can be. But I think it just shows the investment that we're making in the business for the long term and it's in our core strength. It's where we really deserve to win and we're excited that our great partners have recognized that and we're committed to helping them be successful and the end customers be successful.
Manav Gupta: Perfect. And just some more details. I mean you initially mentioned about this refinery you have acquired from Fuji. Why is this the right strategic fit for you guys? What are the benefits of it? Can you help us understand why this was the right transaction for you guys?
Greg Heckman: Sure. We're super excited about this. And as we said, we plugged it right into the network. There's a great team down there that's now part of our team and we're already serving customers out of that plant we had already -- we're out of capacity domestically on the tropical oil side. So this was a great fit for our network just to continue to grow with customers and serve them with additional solutions and alternatives. We already have plans to expand that plant. We had some equipment already ordered that was headed for a different location that we are going to point in there and we're going to significantly expand that plant and much faster than we could with a greenfield. So that's how it fits in. And if you think all the oil flows that are changing because of biofuels in general and renewable diesel specifically, that that's going to be needed to continue to import some of these different oils on the tropical side and serve our customers as they reformulate; so really excited about the role that will play in our solutions.
Operator: Our next question is from Thomas Palmer with JPMorgan.
Thomas Palmer: Based on your volume disclosures, I think a challenge both merchandising and in milling has been the availability of corn and wheat in your regions. Just any visibility as to when the volume picture might get a little better for those products. I mean you just alluded to a better corn crop, for instance? Do we start seeing benefits of this in the second quarter? Or is it a bit more second half weighted?
John Neppl: Maybe, Tom, I can maybe touch on what's been kind of the drag from a volume standpoint versus the prior year and then Greg can touch on kind of the outlook. But if you look at -- from a volume perspective, particularly on the crush side, volume was down versus last year, really driven by Ukraine shutting down for the full quarter versus last year, we operated part of the quarter with high energy costs, Europe in general for soft seeds we maybe didn't run at full utilization this year. On the merchandising side, where we had a bigger volume decline, you look at the global kind of global corn flows were not as robust. That was probably the biggest area where volume was down. The margins just weren't there to handle a lot. And we just didn't have the same sort of export opportunities as we did last year. And then, really looking at on the milling side, Mexico milling, we had ownership of for part of the quarter last year or most of the quarter. And this year, of course, it's out of the numbers. So those were the big drivers from a volume standpoint year-over-year. But maybe, Greg, one comment on kind of the outlook here?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think in Brazil, right, the initial shock here in Q1 from the smaller Argentine crop and some of the challenges that we expect to see on the quality there as well, where our South American wheat milling business is set up, Argentina is a real important supplier to that so that can make a difference year-to-year. But we reflected the challenge in Q4 and then are rolling that forward in the balance of the year. So the big change, of course, won't be next year until that crop comes off and seeing where that opportunity comes. As far as in North America, our core milling business did have good demand and good yields. And then, of course, we'll the quality of the new crop in North America will be key later in the year. But they've done a great job in our North America core billing business with lower unplanned downtime. And then we had some nice key customer wins and getting some new business. So kind of plugging along and continue to feel good about that.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks for the detail. And then, maybe on the question side. So you've kind of alluded to this at various points on the call but maybe I'll ask a little more explicitly. Can we just get a recap of what you're seeing directionally in different parts of the world today from a crush margin standpoint? And then which regions are kind of showing the biggest rebounds as we think about the back half of the year at this point?
Greg Heckman: Sure. If you take soy in total, right now, '23 structural margins in total look in line with '22. So while we see U.S., it's down slightly versus an exceptional year last year. China, the curve looks similar. Now that's been a bit of a roller coaster right. Last year was tough. Margins were better early in China and then start to get soft but now with the new Brazilian bean crop coming off, those margins are improving again. Now there's not much liquidity in the China market. It's always pretty spot and fairly volatile. But the team is doing a good job. So I think that that's similar with maybe some upside. Brazil, the curve is up versus last year. And of course, that's on the back of both the record Brazilian bean crop as well as the lower Argentine production. And then, of course, Argentina is the drag by itself. The curve is much lower with what's going on there with the small crop hurt by weather. And so volumes will be lower there all year that has to be picked up by the rest of the system. And then the EU definitely looks better than last year. Energy prices have moderated. And then, of course, there's less exports of Argentine meal into that market which helps help margins there as well. And then in softseed, the curves are up versus 2022 and that's in both North America and Europe. So improvement in the soft seed side; that's really unseed supply is really a driver.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Andrew Strelzik with BMO.
Andrew Strelzik: Maybe my first one to start. I heard your comments on the renewable diesel demand that you're seeing. I'd love if you could elaborate on that. I think you said you're seeing some catch-up and maybe some demand from new capacity. So anything else you can share on that? And in light of that, do you think that the futures curves are accurately reflecting where crush margins could go in the back half? I mean you mentioned some improvement in 4Q. We know what's going on in Argentina. I mean do you think that whether or not that was a fair representation?
Greg Heckman: Yes. On the oil demand, yes, it had been a little heavy here at the end of the quarter domestically. And a lot of that was they were having start-up problems. Some of the R&D guys -- and of course, they're a good size and that can make a difference in logistics. But even in the last week to 10 days, we've seen those orders come in, not only on schedule but some actually looking to have some of that volume shipped early. So that's a real change. That feels different. And so that's coming on. So it feels like they're getting the bugs out of the system. And I don't know what other drivers on profitability within their system is driving that. But it feels broad-based. It's more than just one of them. Yes, we never -- we use the curbs to forecast. We never say we're smarter than the curves and that's what they tell us today. But I think we feel good about the setup and we've got to develop the North American crop but right now, the demand looks to be there. And we know we've got the big crop in Brazil and now we see if we can make the crop here in North America. But feel good about how things are setting up.
John Neppl: Yes. In terms of Andrew, the R&D side, renewable diesel side, things have probably been a little slower in terms of the ramp-up of some of that. There have been some operational issues at some of the renewable diesel facilities some of the transformation of some of the plants has taken a little bit longer. But we think the long-term fundamentals are still there and the long-term trend is still there. We've got revised RVO coming out here in June and we'll see where that goes. But I think we're hopeful that's favorable to the industry. But again, we're starting to feel some tightness on the oil demand side. It's been I think first quarter reflected a little bit of heaviness on the oil side. Not that the demand wasn't there. There was just a lot of oil in the market. But I think the view is that we're going to see some improvement here as we go forward.
Andrew Strelzik: Okay, great. That was super helpful. And then my other question is -- maybe if I could try to press a little bit on the magnitude of the plus and how that's evolving. I guess a couple of pieces. Number one, how was 1Q versus your internal expectations? Obviously, we see where it was versus the Street but relative to what you were thinking. 2Q, you've maybe muted some of the softness, 4Q getting better. So on the ag side, seems stable. I would assume refined maybe outweighs milling the improvement versus the decline just given the sizes of those segments? And then obviously, interest is a little bit of a help. So can you maybe put all of that together in terms of the magnitude of the plus? I hate to maybe parse that so finally but any color would be great.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think if you take the chunks, right, we don't expect as much volatility in milling as we talked on refined and specialty oils, we feel that's pretty conservative based on the momentum we've had and the setup of how much we have on the books for the balance of the year here in North America and what we expect to come on in R&D. And then on the crush, I mean I mentioned Argentina but what really makes this year different and it's hard to get at the magnitude of it is that crop is under 30 million metric tons, right? They're saying now maybe 27 and there's some quality problems in Argentina. So that's going to run here during harvest and then really pull back in Argentina and that's going to be worse than we've seen. And then we still haven't seen how farmer retention is going to play out. The farmer is seeing a shrinking crop, they're watching the government to see what the soy dollar 3.0 or what next are there going to be larger government incentives. And that's -- even with a small crop, that's changing how they're commercializing that crop which has a big impact. So this is going to play out until the next Argentine crop comes out. I mean we even saw beans moving from Brazil to Argentina, early, that's going to stop. So that makes the second half really tough there. So I think that's the 1 that's tough to call. And then as we said, China, demand improving? And how much will that demand improve and not only for the soybean demand but on the corn demand. And then even their demand outside of the ag commodities will have an effect on the ocean freight market which can kind of bleed over and have a big fact on dislocation in margins and opportunity in the ag commodities business from the ocean flows; so lot of moving pieces. And generally, some of that dislocation and uncertainty ends up creating problems that we've got to help solve for our customers; so that's how we're seeing it.
John Neppl: Yes. And Andrew, maybe on the calendarization question, I think we were largely in line in Q1 with kind of where we saw things so there were no real surprises there. I think as we look at and I kind of alluded to it earlier, a little bit softer maybe than where we looked at it last call. Still skewed slightly towards the first half but strength and some improvement in the curves in Q4 gave us confidence to increase our number for Q4, kind of how we look at it internally. So that's why we felt like we were in good shape in terms of the full year.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So my first question is, I want to come back to the capital allocation discussion. And I guess I appreciate the you may have been blacked out and restricted from kind of open market repurchases in the quarter as you were last quarter. But more philosophically, John, Greg, how with the net debt where it is and the leverage where it is, I mean and where your internal kind of cash from operations after dividends, after funding growth CapEx has meaningfully exceeded cash usage over the last 2 years. How do we think about the excess capital balance that you guys are sitting on hat this point? I mean just think about the $300 million of target for this year on buybacks and it just seems like it pales in comparison to the balance sheet and the underlying cash generation of the business, both retrospectively and prospectively. And just kind of how do we just think about your comfort in kind of running with that much excess capital?
John Neppl: Yes. Look, Adam, I don't think our long-term model is to be sitting on such a low leverage ratio and so much cash availability. I think the -- what we've been as disciplined about how we how we look at it. Certainly, from a share buyback standpoint, when we looked at our 5-year plan, we were going to commit to at least $250 million a year, $250 million worth of a year. I think certainly, if the opportunities are will exceed that when we can. We've got a lot of capital projects underway. We're continuing to look at a lot of M&A opportunities and growth opportunities. We have some -- just one small thing. We have some bonds we're going to pay off here shortly, utilize a little bit of that capital and we expect working capital to grow here in Q2. But as you look over the long run, for sure, I think we're well below where we think we'll operate long term from a leverage standpoint. But again, it's staying disciplined in putting that money to work in the right places which, again, will be a combination of M&A, the big pipeline of CapEx that we have underway that we'll see -- you'll see continued higher than historical CapEx over the next couple of years. And then there's small bolt-on things and debottlenecking, all those things where we'll invest. So -- but again, share buyback, an important part of that and will continue to be as we go forward.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then, I guess a second on the market outlook. And you talked a bunch about kind of the outlook for soy crush around the world. from a demand side for meal, how do you -- how do we think about wheat as a competing kind of feed protein, it's getting a lot more competitive price wise with meal. Meal supply is tight with Argentina out of the market. Are you seeing kind of substitutions into wheat? And how do you think about that impacting kind of meal demand this year?
Greg Heckman: We've seen a little bit. But net-net, if you look at the increase in poultry numbers and pork basically flattish. We believe the demand is there. And soybean meal and protein meals in total. They're a big part of the ratio and the market does its work to get it priced in to where it needs to be on the volume. So we feel comfortable with it.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Salvator Tiano with Bank of America.
Salvator Tiano: I just want to go back a little bit before you mentioned a little bit that in terms of where you want to expand and you had already given some indications with your prior presentation last summer. Mainly you want to expand, if I heard correctly, in origination because to the farmer in North and South America and generally remain the Americas. So as we're thinking, you mentioned that you are in active discussions on M&A. And I know you cannot talk about specifics but when you think about a bigger move, how important would it be to how -- to expand your crushing actually footprint or refining footprint which has been the focus of growth for a couple of years versus just the origination. Is it important for any big moves to have such assets or it doesn't -- or it's not a deal breaker?
Greg Heckman: Look, number one, we're going to remain disciplined. And one of the things that we like is that we do have all of those areas, all those levers to pull, whether it's in the origination and crush operations in the refined and specialty oils in the renewable feedstocks are in our plant-based protein. So we can be disciplined about where we put that to work. And it's an interesting environment right now, right? You've got higher interest rates. You continue to have global dislocations. You continue to have weather disruptions. And frankly, we're seeing some deals that we've seen earlier that didn't develop over the past few years. So things are changing and that's exciting. But the other thing that's really interesting is the farmer in getting some of the value that all of our customers, feed, food and fuel customers all want a lower carbon footprint. They all want lower carbon intensity products and to really make change at scale. We've got to drive that value to give the consumer what they want, drive it down due to the farmers so they can make changes that are sustainable, that are repetitive and that they can do it at scale. And that's how we're really going to make a difference. So that farmer touch has always been really important to serve our processing and to serve our other customers with our merchandising business but it's also getting even more important to drive that value to the farmer and work with them around lower carbon intensity products, renewable feedstocks and frankly, regenerative ag. So -- and we're on the front end of that. This is a completely different focus within even 3 years ago. So as it develops, we've got to continue to kind of turn the dial and turn the focus. But exciting time for Bunge. We've shown we can execute. So we know we can do -- when we find the right deals to be disciplined, we know we can execute against them. We've got the money to put to work. We've got the capital in the dry powder but we'll continue to be disciplined and we'll pull all the levers of value creation, including share buybacks. So we're excited about it. We like where we are. We like the way the team is performing and really looking forward here to the balance of the year.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. And just one last one. You made the comment that you're investing in a crushing facility to make it more flexible, Take, for example, the pennies are Crest will be producing at some point? I'm just wondering, as you invest more into making your crushing plants more feedstock flexible, how does this affect margins overall, perhaps it makes it a little bit more capital intensive? I don't know if it has an impact on margins. And also as we think about crops overall, including the one Cabrera developing. What do you -- how do you think the new market will play out in terms of margins versus traditional oil is like an all and soybeans.
Greg Heckman: Yes. We've got some switch plants today and it goes into the analysis. It's part of the analysis. If you're going to have a switch plan, it does have some incremental cost to have that flexibility but that's because we believe that optionality you'll get paid for that optionality and for that flexibility. So that's where the switch plants for ourselves and other players in the industry globally where those switch plants exist today. And with the changes with where winter canola can be grown, as CoverCrest gets developed, as other novel seeds get developed, globally, the numbers will tell us where to put that softseed crush or where to put that flexible crush it can flex between soy and soft and make those returns. But our return standards are the same regardless.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for closing remarks. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: We'd just like to thank everybody for joining us today. Thank you for your interest in Bunge and we look forward to speaking with you again soon. Have a great day.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-08 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. Please note this event is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Drew [ph], and thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We capped off another exceptional year for Bunge with a solid fourth quarter performance. Our continued strong results speak to the flexibility of our platform and team, which, as I've said before, are built to adjust and even excel in volatile times. In this year that had more than its share of ups and downs, our team proved their ability to help our customers, both farmers and end users globally, manage risks and navigate food security issues against the backdrop of regional conflict, weather impacts and many other factors. I want to thank the team for their continued dedication to strong execution, which allowed us to build on our positive momentum and deliver our fourth consecutive year of earnings growth. We're focused on our mission and it shows in our financial results. Looking at the fourth quarter numbers. Adjusted core segment EBIT came in above last year's results, largely driven by strong performance across all regions in Refined and Specialty Oils. John will go into our results in more detail, but I want to note our performance reflects our rigorous and disciplined approach to the business, including our focus on operating costs and the returns on capital we're investing. Looking ahead to 2023, we expect the market environment to be similar to 2022, with many of the same drivers still in place, that includes a globally tight crop supply, strong demand for our core protein meal and vegetable oil products and the continued impact to global trade of commodity price volatility and supply chain disruptions. We also expect to see global demand for feedstocks and related services for renewable fuels continue to grow. Based on what we see in the market and the forward curves today, we expect full year adjusted EPS of at least $11 per share for 2023. And with that, I'll hand the call over to John to walk through the results and the outlook in more detail.
John Neppl : Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide five. Our reported fourth quarter earnings per share was $2.21 compared to $1.52 in the fourth quarter of 2021. Our reported results included a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $0.56 per share and a negative impact of $0.47 per share related to onetime items. Adjusted EPS was $3.24 in the fourth quarter versus $3.49 in the prior year. Full year results for 2022 were $10.51 versus $13.64 in 2021. Adjusted full year EPS was $13.91 versus $12.93 in the prior year, an increase of nearly $1 per share. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $804 million in the quarter versus $766 million last year. Agribusiness finished with an outstanding year with another strong quarter that was in line with last year. In processing, results were primarily driven by North America, which benefited from the combination of large soy and canola crops and strong meal and oil demand. Partially offsetting this strong performance were lower results in Europe and South America. Europe was negatively impacted by higher energy costs and lower volume that included increased planned downtime and the idling of our operations in Ukraine. In South America, tight bean supplies reduced margins. In merchandising, higher results in global grains were more than offset by lower results in global oils marketing, which had a particularly strong prior year. Refined and Specialty Oils finished another record year with strong fourth quarter results of $222 million, up $68 million compared to last year. All regions performed well in the fourth quarter, benefiting from strong food and renewable fuel demand with notable year-over-year improvements in Europe, Asia and South America. In Milling, the loss in the quarter was primarily driven by lower origination volume and high supply chain costs, reflecting the small Argentine wheat crop that negatively impacted our merchandising operations. Results in the prior year benefited from contributions from our Mexico wheat mills, which we sold in the third quarter of 2022. Corporate and Other was in line with last year. A decrease in corporate expense is primarily related to the timing of performance-based compensation accruals, was offset by results in our captive insurance program and lower results in Bunge Ventures. Improved results in our noncore Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by higher sugar prices, which more than offset lower ethanol margins. For the quarter, reported income tax expense was $131 million compared to $64 million for the prior year. The increase was due to higher pretax income and a year-to-date adjustment in actual geographic earnings mix. Adjusting for notable items and mark-to-market timing, the effective tax rate for the full year was 17% compared to approximately 16% for the prior year. Net interest expense of $76 million in the quarter was up compared to last year due to higher interest rates, partially offset by lower average debt levels. Also impacting the quarter were foreign currency borrowings in certain countries where interest rates were high. However, the incrementally higher borrowing costs were fully offset with currency hedges reported in gross margin. Let's turn to Slide six, where you can see our positive EPS and EBIT trends adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past five years. This not only demonstrates the power of our global asset networking capabilities, but also the continued outstanding performance by our team. Each of these years brought a different set of rapidly changing circumstances and the team successfully navigated through them, while also executing on numerous company initiatives. As shown on Slide seven, our full year addressable SG&A increased modestly year-over-year, reflecting a resumption of more normal business activities as well as increasing investments to strengthen our capabilities and to drive growth, particularly in technology. We expect higher SG&A in 2023 related to these initiatives, which we have considered in our outlook. Slide eight details our capital allocation of the approximately $2.4 billion of adjusted funds from operations that we generated in 2022. After allocating $306 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental, health and safety and $8 million to preferred dividends on shares now converted to common equity, we had approximately $2 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $341 million in common dividends, invested $249 million in growth and productivity CapEx and repurchased $200 million of common shares. The approximately $1.3 billion of retained cash flow was invested in additional working capital and toward reducing debt. As we laid out in our earnings growth framework in the second quarter of last year, we expect to repurchase about $250 million of stock each year, but actual amounts could vary. During 2023, we expect to deplete the remaining $300 million of our existing $500 million program which was announced in October 2021 and approve an additional share repurchase program. Moving to Slide nine. We finished 2022 with a total CapEx spend of $555 million, which was about $50 million lower than we expected in our Q3 forecast. The primary drivers of the reduction were supply chain delays on long lead time equipment as well as additional project planning time, as we look more closely for opportunities to offset inflationary pressures. We expect continued delays in 2023, which are reflected in our current outlook. Lead times for simpler equipment and parts are showing signs of normalizing. However, due to increased project costs, we are reassessing the scope and timing of certain discretionary investments. As shown on Slide 10, at year-end, readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $3.2 billion. This reflects our use of retained cash flow and proceeds from portfolio actions to fund working capital while reducing debt. Slide 11 highlights our liquidity position. At year-end, all $6.7 billion of our committed credit facilities was unused and available. This provides us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs. Please turn to Slide 12. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 21.6%, well above our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 15%, also well above our weighted average cost of capital of 6%. The spread between ROIC and adjusted ROIC reflects how we use RMI in our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Moving to Slide 13. For the year, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $2.1 billion and a cash flow yield of 20%. Please turn to Slide 14 and our 2023 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the current margin environment and forward curves, we expect full year 2023 adjusted EPS of at least $11 per share. In Agribusiness, full year results that are forecasted to be down from last year as slightly higher results in processing are more than offset by lower results in merchandising, which had a very strong prior year. While we are not forecasting the same magnitude of margin-enhancing opportunities that we captured in the past year, we do see potential upside to our outlook if strong demand and tight commodity supplies continue throughout the year. In Refined and Specialty Oils, we expect a favorable environment to continue in 2023. However, we expect segment results to be modestly down from 2022's record year, which reflect very strong results in all regions. In Milling, full year results are expected to be down from last year, but in line with historical performance. In Corporate and Other, results are expected to be in line with last year. In Non-core, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with last year. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2023: an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 24%. However, note that this will ultimately be driven by geographic earnings mix of the company. Net interest expense in the range of $380 million to $410 million. Capital expenditures in the range of $800 million to $1 billion, down slightly from our earlier expectation of just over $1 billion due to the reasons discussed earlier, and depreciation and amortization of approximately $415 million. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. This past year demonstrated the critical role we play in global food security and maintaining flows of crops from farmers to consumers. To ensure we can continue to deliver, we further strengthened our core business and built relationships with partners whose capabilities complement Bunge's. For example, our Origeo joint venture with UPL began operating in the fourth quarter, providing end-to-end solutions to farmers in Brazil. We also announced a partnership with BZ Group in France to strengthen our global platform by connecting with BZ's network of independent farmers to bring more opportunities and flexible solutions to them and end users globally. During 2022, we made great progress on our commitment to finding innovative, sustainable solutions in the renewable space, including our JV with Chevron, our partnership with CoverCress, and our JV with Olleco. We continue to innovating and investing in plant-based lipids and proteins at our R&D and innovation facilities, our team is working alongside customers as they create unique solutions with plant-based ingredients. We continued investing in data science and technology to better connect farmers and consumers by making our operations even more efficient in delivering real-time insights to help us manage our business. And science and technology are also key, as we continue to make great strides in our sustainability efforts. Thanks to expanding satellite monitoring, we were able to announce this week that through the Bunge sustainable partnership, we have now achieved traceability and monitoring for 80% of our indirect supply chain in the Brazilian Cerrado. This is in addition to our ability to trace 100% of direct purchases in the priority regions of South America. Improving traceability through our indirect sources of product is a critical step in meeting our industry-leading goal of achieving deforestation-free supply chains in 2025. While we're proud of the progress we've made, a more sustainable tomorrow requires everyone across the value chain to work together. Bunge's approach will continue to be grounded in solid science, proven technologies, incredible methodologies. With our critical place in the global food supply chain, we look forward to continuing to engage with other companies and organizations in the food and agricultural sectors to find new solutions, and importantly, connect with tens of thousands of farmers around the world on these critical issues. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. 
Adam Samuelson : Hi, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So Greg, John, I guess the first question is really on capital allocation. And I just -- company didn't buy back any stock in the quarter. The kind of net debt is half your readily marketable inventories or about nearly half of your readily marketable inventories. CapEx is actually taking longer to kind of to ramp.  And so I just would love to get your thoughts on kind of what -- kind of where the dry powder -- why the dry powder is just sitting there? And the context of where you see risk-adjusted returns that could be higher than buying back your own stock at kind of the levels of where it's been trading at for the last few months?
John Neppl: Yes, I think, Adam, as we look forward and kind of back to my comments, we do expect to -- we didn't get all of the $250 million bought last year that we kind of laid out in our strategic plan. But we absolutely expect to be caught up on that this year and seek authorization for an additional plan. We are committed to share buyback. As I said, we didn't -- obviously, didn't get it done last year at the 250 level. But that is going to continue to be an important part of our allocation, and we do expect to make up some ground here in 2023.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. All right. I think that's helpful. I think I guess I would still just push back or maybe get your further thoughts. I mean how you think about your balance sheet capacity at this juncture? It would seem like there's a -- has there been acquisition opportunities that may have may or may not have kind of not have come through as you might have hoped for at some point in 2022? I'm just trying to get a sense of with the balance sheet where it is, kind of seems like the cash is there?
John Neppl: Yes. Well, we're always looking at opportunities and have been for a number of years. And I think as we were in fourth quarter, looking at a lot of opportunities, we just thought it was prudent not to step into the market at that point. But again, I mean, going forward, I agree with you, we think our balance sheet is extremely strong, and we're well positioned to get more aggressive on the buyback side.
Adam Samuelson: Okay.
Greg Heckman: And I'd just add, we're looking at a bigger portfolio of opportunities than we've seen in a long time. And yes, some of them are going to happen and some of them aren't, but we're going to stay disciplined. I think that's the point I wanted to make.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Maybe just on the outlook for 2023 and just you talked about potential sources of upside in Agribusiness if commodity markets kind of remain tight. Can you just give us some framework on certainly the processing side and kind of where you see kind of crush margins around the world, as we sit here today? And kind of particular geographies that you think will be are the areas that are more likely sources of upside at this juncture?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes, let me start here. Yes, if you look at the outlook of at least $11, that's up $1.50 from the call we made at the same time last year. And so I think if we frame that up, it's the favorable environment that we saw in '22 is carrying in with continued strong demand for both meal and oil. We continue to see tight S&Ds, and we expect the volatility to continue here this year.  So the other thing is we've continued to get more reps in our operating model, right? We continue to improve the data transparency. And what we've got with the tight Argentine crop with the dryness there, that crop is probably going to be in the mid-30s versus 44 last years and that tightness will continue all year and the curves are reflecting that. And so as you know, in the outlook, we're always looking at the curves, and so they've given us more visibility this year because of the Argentine situation. And then we've got more done in our RSO book in both food and fuel than we did a year ago. So I think that's the visibility versus a year ago that gave us the confidence to call the at least 11 at this point.
Adam Samuelson: And that’s all I have. I’ll pass it on. Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead. 
Benjamin Theurer: Perfect. Thank you very much. Good morning, Greg, John. So actually, just following up on that on the guidance. Obviously, impressive on RPO, what you were able to deliver in '22 and the outlook is definitely encouraging for '23. Fair to assume better than '21. But help us understand what has changed so much in RPO versus your baseline guidance from just a few months ago where you basically looked into a significantly lower level were basically a double here. So what is it in the market that's been driving it so much higher? And how do you actually think of this environment going forward also in light of what you published back in July, August when it came to the baseline update?
Greg Heckman: Yes. The RS&O segment continues to be very strong. And what we saw was really driven by all regions globally. Now North America, of course, has been the big driver with what we're seeing in the renewable green diesel. But really biofuels globally continue to grow, and I think that's why we saw improvement from all regions. So the food demand has stayed strong and that is even without -- China coming out of COVID, we're starting to see a little bit of improvement in oil demand there that could improve throughout the year from a global S&D. But know, the teams continue to do a very nice job. And even on the food side, where there's been some inflation, you think about our tech services people working with customers as they reformulate to try to work with inflation. So there's just a lot going on there, both with the food and the fuel demand.
John Neppl: But I would add, Ben, that our call down next year right now is principally outside the U.S. And I think we feel very good about the S&D in the U.S. It's -- we had an exceptional year in 2022 globally. And we're not calling maybe the same level outside the U.S. is what we saw this year.  And then relative back to the -- our strategic financial plan, we knew RSO, the whole Refined and Specialty Oils business was going to over perform or perform very well here in the near term. But over time, we modeled in, in our baseline that refining premiums would decline eventually.  Now what we're seeing is projects taking longer to happen and possibly a longer runway on the strong margins that we built in ultimately. So we feel pretty good about where we are now, and we'll just watch long-term what happens with refining capacity.
Benjamin Theurer: Perfect. Very clear. Thank you very much. And then second question is really just about the general flex, obviously, that we're going to have within the guidance. And one of that is that if you could elaborate maybe a little more detail on the tax rate, which obviously is a relatively wide range, but also significantly higher than in the last two years. Is that all geographic mix or what's behind that higher, call it, midpoint 5% to 6% higher tax rate that you're seeing for this year versus the last two years?
John Neppl: Yes. The biggest single driver is our assumption around geographic mix. We do expect in Brazil, for example, taxable income to be much higher in 2023, and that's one of our highest-rated jurisdictions in terms of tax rate. We also had, over the last couple of years, as we've cleared off some historical audits, we've had some onetime valuation releases that impacted our effective tax rate. But it is a wide range at this point because of the mix of geography, it's sometimes a little difficult early in the year to predict, but we'll fine-tune that as we move through the year.
Benjamin Theurer: Perfect. Well, thank you very much and congrats on a very strong 2022.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
John Neppl: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Manav Gupta with UBS. Please go ahead. 
Manav Gupta: So I just have 1 quick question. On December 15, you made an announcement that you are looking to invest in a new protein concentrate facility. I think $550 million was the CapEx. Help us understand why this investment? Why is it a good strategic fit? And then what kind of earnings uplift can you expect from this investment? And I'll turn it off over after that.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I'll start on the strategy, and I'll let John talk to the numbers. But no, look, we continue to see growth in the plant protein space. We're already serving customers with the lipids, which are the specialty fats and oils that give the taste and the mouth feel and the bite to a lot of those products. And we are on the plant protein side, we are a commodity supplier today of many of those products. So this is a natural adjacency. This is a natural valuing up of our commodity streams similar to what we're doing in [indiscernible] and some other areas. So we're a natural. We have a right to win. We can be in a cost competitive position. And frankly, we've got our customers asking for us to be there as a supplier and they want to work with us. And that's why we already did last year a multimillion dollar improvement in our innovation and R&D facility, and we're already working with customers, putting our lipids with plant proteins and developing new and different products. So we're excited about this. We've also seen as that space continues to develop, I don't think of it as not just all meats, it's all plant protein opportunities, whether it's nondairy, whether it's plant butters and that trend is in place, and it's up to the ripe. And the other thing I think we've seen shake out in the last two years is that soy is going to be the winner. And soy is going to be the winner from a cost basis, from a taste, from a functionality and frankly, that's a good outcome for Bunge.
John Neppl: Yes. And in terms of returns, any projects like this, we look for a minimum of 12% to 15% return. So you can kind of model that in. But this project won't be completed until roughly sometime in 2025. So it's going to take a bit of time from a development standpoint, getting that all wrapped up and then getting the construction actually completed.
Manav Gupta: Thank you so much. And congrats on a great quarter.
John Neppl: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Palmer with JPMorgan. Please go ahead. 
Thomas Palmer: Thanks and good morning. I wanted to ask on just the expected cadence of earnings in '23. Does the outlook you kind of lay out assume stronger earnings, for instance, in the first half of the year and then some erosion in the back half? Are there segments where earnings might be more lumpy than in others?
John Neppl: Yes. I would say the way we're looking at it right now, Tom, is when we look at the -- at least $11, I'd say our bias is a little bit skewed toward the first half of the year and then within the first half a little bit toward the first quarter. So that's kind of how I think about it, if I was laying it out. And obviously, where we think the biggest opportunity is going to be is in merchandising, and that's always difficult to predict the timing and the magnitude, but that could very well be realized a little lumpier or could be over the year kind of evenly. It's just going to depend on opportunities. But at this time, I'd bias a little toward the first half and a little bit toward first quarter inside the first half. But we will be in our first quarter will be lower than last year. We had an extremely strong last year first quarter, I think, north of $4 a share.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you for finding that. And then I just wanted to maybe ask on the CapEx piece. So the presentation and then your comments, you noted the reassessment of scope and timing of some projects due to a recent spike in costs. A couple of quarters ago, you laid out this longer-term CapEx -- I guess it's combined CapEx and M&A ultimately of $3.3 billion. Is that number still intact? Does that need to have moving pieces where the M&A component maybe is less? I'm just trying to understand if that longer-term investment is also adjusted given that reference spike in costs?
John Neppl: Yes, we have not yet canceled any project that we had on that list. The timing is -- we're assessing timing. We're also assessing the design of some of those projects, given the inflationary pressures, looking for value engineering ways to make it more efficient. But ultimately, that plan is still pretty much intact. I think we still feel pretty good about the timing on the commissioning down the road. So we haven't yet adjusted our long-term view on those. So at this point, we're still holding to what we had, but we'll see as we go forward.
Greg Heckman: And I think the other thing you want to keep in mind, I don't think it's specific to Bunge or even specific to this industry. It's more expensive to build things, whether it's the labor or the equipment and the interest cost or and it's taking longer to build things. But what that has done for our installed asset base, right, is keeping margins higher and it's keeping the environment stronger for a longer period of time. So I think that allows us to have the discipline, do these projects the right way and still build them. So it's probably pushed out the amount of time that we're able to kind of over earn versus the model because of the environment and then the projects will just come in a little bit later.
John Neppl: Yes. Maybe one other thing to add, Tom, would be that we've been able to keep largely on track with our maintenance-type projects. And when you're in a margin environment like we are right now globally, it's important to keep your assets running smoothly. So we're pretty pleased, at least, that we've been able to stay on track and on time with all of our key maintenance projects.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thanks for the details. 
Greg Heckman: You bet. 
Operator: The next question comes from Salvator Tiano with Bank of America. Please go ahead. 
Salvator Tiano: Yes. Thank you very much, Greg and John. So my first question is on the Argentinian drought and you didn't mention the impact on crush margins. So I'm just wondering a little bit if you can provide some more details on this impact, both in Latin America crush margins, but also how it is impacting globally margins and meal and oil prices? And also, if you can comment a little bit on what you're seeing on trade flows there? Because we've been reading that recently Argentina is starting to actually importing soybeans from Brazil to start making use of its spare crushing capacity. Thank you very much.
John Neppl: Sure. No, you're exactly right. You've got to look at the entire global setup. And I think that's one of the things that's allowed us to perform in a variety of different situations the last few years is the great diversification and it's the best risk management is the geographical footprint of Bunge. So as we look at Argentina, you're right, the curves are going to be much lower it's going to be very stressed from a crush margins and volumes are going to be lower because of the weather, right? That crop is small all year. To your comment, you're hearing some beans moving into Argentina. We've heard those rumors as well that some people getting positioned when it's close, that they're securing supplies for safety. So I think that's how tight people think the S&Ds are going to be. What that means to the rest of the world is that we see soy margins in total going to be about the same in '23 as is in '22. We think the U.S. could be down slightly. The curve is currently down, right, versus last year, but that will continue to play out. China was a very tough last year with the COVID zero policy, and as it started to come out of COVID, we've seen a little better oil demand. We've seen the curves start to improve as well as the spot margins. So we'll watch that. That will be a key one to watch how that demand accelerates here for the balance of the year as they come out of COVID, but it definitely looks better than last year. Brazil is up versus last year, very big bean crop coming in there. And then in the EU, the curve looks better than last year. Part of that is less soybean meal imports, of course, coming out of South America and the other is we had a warm winter luckily, and we've got lower energy prices.  And that will not only benefit soy, but that lower energy costs will benefit soft as well. And if you look at soft why we're thinking about it on a year-over-year, those margins will be up versus '22 in both North America and Europe on seed supply and then on better energy outlook in Europe. So a pretty good setup really for the Bunge portfolio here as we look at '23.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. Thank you. And just as a second question. We spoke -- you spoke about the CapEx. I'm just wondering on the sustaining side. I think your guidance implies a 20% to 30% increase in -- actually more 20% to 45% increase in sustaining CapEx. And I'm wondering why is that? Is it just inflation or anything else that has changed this year?
John Neppl: Yes. It's certainly inflation is playing into just about everything on the CapEx side. But it's also because of the timing of some of these bigger projects and our decision to reassess some of those, it's given us an opportunity to maybe accelerate some of the maintenance work that we would have maybe pushed off for another year or two.
Salvator Tiano: Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Steven Haynes: Hi, and thanks for taking my question. Just wanted to ask kind of going back to some of the delays on the CapEx side of things. If you have any color on whether some of the potential RD customers are also seeing some delays in some of the projects that they're planning to ramp up in the near future as well?
John Neppl: Yes. We haven't heard, our conversations with industry participants is, we haven't heard of anything around delaying projects specifically. Certainly, there have been, in the past year, some slowdowns in terms of the build, primarily driven more by the margins on the oil and gas side. But as far as we can see from our side, everybody is still committed with moving forward, as I've discussed before.
Steven Haynes: Okay. And then maybe just a quick second question, if I can, on maybe any updated thoughts on how you're thinking about the sugar JV and plans to take strategic action there?
John Neppl: Yes. Look, we're pleased with the way it's been operating. But as we said before, we still don't expect to hold that long term, and we continue to look at our options there. And we -- hopefully, at some point down the road here, we have something to announce, but again, in the meantime, we're focused on running it.
Steven Haynes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Good morning. Everything has been really asked, but maybe just one modeling question on the interest expense. It's obviously a lot higher in '23. Can I assume that, that will also, in '23, be offset by your FX hedges on the gross margin side similar to Q4 or are they just not -- or they're not related to each other?
John Neppl : And you're talking about overall interest expense increase, I didn't catch the first part? But yes, some of it will be, not all of it. I mean some of that is just indicative of -- when we went into 2022, three-month LIBOR was less than 0.5% and now it's hovering around 4%-or-so. So, we're starting the year on much higher rates, and so that will have an impact.  There will be some higher rates in countries where we're borrowing where we're hedging against that. So, part of that will be offset in margin, but not all of it. Some of it will just be a symptom of starting out with higher rates this year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Maybe a follow-up on refined oil. You said that international results in refined oil will probably be down year-over-year. Is there any specific reason for that? Like obviously, the U.S. is doing well. Is there any more color you can provide?
John Neppl: Yes, I think, look, it's a reasonably modest decline from what was a really strong record year. And I think, I wouldn't say we don't believe there's a way we could get back there. I think we're just not -- we're not forecasting it at this point. We have a little bit better visibility into the U.S. S&Ds, and we feel stronger about that remaining strong. The rest of it, we'll see. I mean we'll certainly take the opportunity if it's there, but it's just hard to forecast that at this point.
Greg Heckman: Yes, we definitely got less visibility into the markets outside of North America. We've got a bigger book on there with food and fuel both in North America.
Robert Moskow: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Kallo with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: Great. Thanks for taking my question. And all the detail here. Just a question on the JV with Chevron. Could you just talk a little bit about any kind of requirements for capacity offtakes? I think you probably already said this before, but just the ACAP [ph] firm agreements on the offtake. And then has anything changed in your plans with the JV based on the IRA and whether renewable diesel incentives there or SAF incentives there? Thank you.
John Neppl : You Bet. Yes, Ben, when we started this JV, it was principally focused initially around the two assets, [indiscernible] that went into the joint venture. And those are performing pretty well. And -- but that was really a first step in looking at a number of opportunities for Chevron that we continue to look at. It takes time from a development standpoint to expand beyond that. But we're very actively engaged with them. I'd say it's been a great partnership. And I think we see a lot of opportunity down the road to continue to build on that.
Greg Heckman: And we do supply them in the commercial relationship from our entire system, not just those two assets. We were supplying them even before the JV. And so, it's a very holistic relationship.
Ben Kallo : Okay. And maybe just a follow-up on -- just on the IRA and any kind of benefit to you or the JV or how we should think about that impacting you guys?
Greg Heckman: Well, I think in total that you've got a new industry that's developing, right? And net-net, it's more demand. It's positive, the renewable green diesel. We don't think it's going to be a straight line. And I think some of the things around the IRA, everyone's trying to understand where there's leverage there for a number of things and not just around renewable green diesel, but around lower carbon opportunities because ultimately, with all of our customers in feed, food and fuel are looking for lower carbon intensity products, and we've got to find that value and drive that back to the farm gate to the producer to the farmer, the one who's ultimately going to have to make that happen with those farmer-grown crops.
John Neppl : Yes, I would say -- I would just add on, I think two things we're looking at as well, we expect to develop in the relationship with Chevron and others is low CI feedstocks is going to be something that we think there's some opportunity down the road. And then, of course, long-term SAF is going to be an important component of that relationship.
Ben Kallo: Thank you, guys. 
John Neppl: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu : Thanks. Good morning everybody. I want to revisit kind of the architecture of the guidance for this year. You make a comment on your Agribusiness segment that there could be potential upside if the current S&D holds throughout the year. Is it that right now you have visibility into the first half of this year because of kind of what's going on in South America and Argentina? And perhaps as we get to like a trend line yield in the back half of this year, you might see loosening in S&D? Or is it just, hey, this is how we've typically done things in the last few years, we guide as far out as we can see on the curves. And then we'll just reassess as we get to midyear. I kind of want to understand what's explicitly in the guide versus maybe less explicitly?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, let me start by -- yes, we're forecasting the same way we have been, right? It's what we can see, it's what the curve show. And as we talk about calling at $1.5 higher than we did a year ago, because we do have more visibility with what's booked on the RSO side for feed and fuel as well as with the tight Argentine crop, the curves are reflecting that. And so that's given us the confidence for -- and to feel really good about the at least $11. And I think the question really is going to be around what's the size of the plus? And there are a number of moving pieces. But you look, meal and oil demand, those drivers continue to be intact, right? You've got good global poultry and pork numbers, and there's good food and fuel demand for oil. So that's in place. The sources of upside, of course, are the merchandising, right, which is always the toughest one to call. It's when we have the least visibility to. And I think that one is most driven by dislocations, tight S&Ds globally and volatility. And so that's one where we talked there is opportunity and upside for that, and that's kind of always the case in the merch, even if you remember how we talk about it in the model and how we've talked about it in the outlooks in the past. And then you've got China, right? The improved demand coming from China. We're starting to see just a little bit of that on the oil demand side, but that will be key to watch. And I think there's a lot of belief that, could come back maybe faster and stronger than some thought. And then the dislocation is not only matter to the merch business, but they matter to the crush margins, right, as we have to turn crush on to meet the customer demands in different parts of the world, and it looks right now like our crush is going to run really hard outside of everywhere, except Argentina. And then as John said, we're seeing the capital be deployed in the RD space. So, it looks like that demand will be coming online in the second half of the year in North America. And then we've got a really large Brazil crop setting up on the bean crop as well as a good corn crop. And then you've got what we believe will be a gradual build back to B15 in Brazil. So that demand coming probably starting in April and building as they kind of try to match versus inflation. So, we think the dollars are going to be there. Exactly which value chain they're going to fall in or exactly which quarter they're going to fall in, that's always different in this business. What I do have the confidence is with our geographic platform our team is that we'll capture that and that's what we've tried to continue to prove that we can do. And as I said earlier, this is a good setup for Bunge globally. We like how it's set up, and we've got to watch the crops in North America to develop and watch things continue to play out.
Ben Bienvenu : Okay. Very helpful. Thank you, Greg. My second question is going back to capital allocation, following up on Adam's question around the buyback. And I hate to beat you up on this, Greg and John. But it seems as though you could do both. You could pursue your capital allocation program that you have -- your capital expenditure program that you have and with the leverage profile of the business, buyback the stock because I think you would agree that the stock is a pretty good value here. Is the conservatism that you referenced, John, is that just, "Hey, that's in your DNA?" Or is it -- we've got so many other opportunities that haven't come to fruition that we need to stay conservative to remain opportunistic, kind of more broadly than just the buyback? I just want to understand a little bit more specifically what that comment meant?
John Neppl : Yes. I think -- look, the answer is we're going to do both going forward. I think we've had a lot of opportunities that we've been assessing including share buyback. But I think we're very committed to share buyback as part of the program. And I think we're highly confident we'll get the remaining $300 million done this year in our current program and get a new program in place and as we move forward, we fully intend on doing a mix of both growth -- mix of all growth, M&A and our share buyback.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Very good. Good luck with the rest of the year.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman, for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: Thank you. So, thanks again for joining us today and for your interest in Bunge. We're really proud of the team and the performance we've delivered in 2022 and our call for '23, and we're absolutely committed to continuously improving Bunge and serving our customers. So, we look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Bunge Q3 2022 Earnings Results Review. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. And now, I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Ruth Ann Wisener. Ms. Wisener, please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Keith, and thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. This can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking the team. Through their outstanding focus and coordination, we delivered strong quarterly results against the backdrop of shifting operating environment. The third quarter once again demonstrates the strength of our team and the power of our global platform. Through our global organizational approach and asset footprint, we've created the ability to adapt quickly to supply and demand disruptions. Whether the markets are driven by inflation, energy costs, weather impacts, conflict or, as in this quarter, all of those factors, the team uses our expertise, relationships and analysis to deliver for our customers on both ends of the value chain. Looking beyond the current market environment, we continue to focus on growing the business by making disciplined choices balancing benefits and risks. Take renewable fuels, the demand for low-carbon feedstocks continues to be strong and is expected to increase. We're meeting this demand in part with two partnerships we announced earlier this year. Our renewable feedstocks joint venture with Chevron is going well, and we're excited about our investment in CoverCress and its ability to develop a cover crop to bring a new low CI renewable oilseed to market. Just two weeks ago, we announced a joint venture with Olleco, the renewables division for ABP Food Group, to create a business that encompasses the full life cycle of edible oils. This partnership will expand our portfolio of renewable feedstocks in Europe and help address environmental and energy security challenges in key markets in that region. These partnerships are a great example of Bunge's commitment to finding innovative, sustainable solutions in the renewable space. As the global leader in oilseeds processing, we see this as our obligation and a significant long-term opportunity. At the same time, we're expanding our origination capabilities in South America with the launch of Origeo, a partnership with UPL providing an integrated and complete offering of inputs, services, financing solutions and agronomic consulting to farmers in Brazil. Turning to third quarter numbers. Adjusted core segment EBIT was above last year's results and ahead of our expectations driven by strong performances in Agribusiness and Refined and Specialty Oils. John will go into more detail on the P&L, but I want to mention the impact of higher energy costs and inflation on Bunge. Like all businesses, we are impacted by inflation or recession but not in the same manner or magnitude as purely industrial companies due to our place in the center of the supply chain. Looking ahead, we expect the market to remain dynamic and are moving forward with our usual discipline. Based upon our execution so far and the current environment, we now expect to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $13.50 for the full year 2022, which would be our third record year in a row. In this market, having a solid balance sheet, strong liquidity and global optionality are a competitive advantage. We're in a great position with the flexibility to operate our business, invest in our future and return cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases as we did here in the third quarter. With that, I'll hand the call over to John to walk through the results.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported third quarter earnings per share was $2.49 compared to $4.28 in the third quarter of 2021. Our reported results include a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $0.19 per share and a net negative impact of $0.70 per share related to onetime items. Adjusted EPS was $3.45 in the third quarter versus $3.72 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT was $740 million in the quarter versus $698 million last year. The higher results were driven by our Refined and Specialty Oils segment. In total, Agribusiness results of $528 million compared to $533 million last year. In Processing, results were essentially flat with the last year as increases in North and South America were offset by lower results in Europe were a combination of a sharp rise in energy costs and increased mil imports pressured margins. Results in China were down primarily due to the impact of pandemic-related lockdowns. Merchandising results of $108 million were down slightly compared to last year as higher contributions from global grains and financial services were offset by lower results in global oils marketing. In Refined and Specialty Oils, higher results reflect strong performances in our refined oil operations in South America, Europe and North America. In Milling, higher results in North America were more than offset by lower results in South America. The decrease in corporate expenses was primarily related to the timing of performance-based compensation accruals. The decrease in Other was primarily related to lower gains on investments in Bunge Ventures. Lower results in our non-core Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by the combination of lower ethanol volumes and increased costs. Net interest expense was up compared to last year due to higher interest rates partially offset by lower average debt levels. Also impacting the quarter were foreign currency borrowings in certain countries where interest rates were high. However, the incrementally higher borrowing costs were fully offset with currency hedges that are reported in gross margin. Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our positive EPS and EBIT trends adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past four years along with the trailing 12 months. This performance trend demonstrates our team's ability to successfully manage through rapidly changing markets and also the strength of our global platform. As shown on Slide 7, year-to-date addressable SG&A has increased modestly year-over-year, reflecting resumption of more normal business activities such as employee travel and related expenses as well as increasing investment to strengthen our capabilities and drive growth. Slide 8 details our capital allocation of approximately $1.8 billion of adjusted funds from operations that we generated year-to-date. After allocating $184 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental, health and safety, and $8 million to preferred dividends on shares now converted to common equity, we had approximately $1.6 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $248 million in common dividends, invested $168 million in growth and productivity CapEx and repurchased $200 million of common shares during the third quarter. This left us with approximately $1 billion of retained cash flow, which we invested in additional working capital during the year while also reducing our net debt. We will continue to maintain a disciplined and balanced approach to capital allocation. Moving to Slide 9. At quarter end, readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $2.3 billion. As commodity prices have moderated recently, the cash that has been invested in inventory has been released and deployed toward debt reduction. To provide additional understanding of how commodity price movements and other factors impact our cash flow from operations, we have posted a presentation in the Investors section on our website this morning. Should you have any questions, feel free to reach out to our IR team. Slide 10 highlights our liquidity position, which remains strong. At quarter end, approximately $6.7 billion of our committed credit facilities was unused and available. This provides us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing capital needs in this volatile commodity price environment. As shown on Slide 11, our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC was 22.2%, 15.6 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 15.2% or 9.2 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6%. The spread between these two metrics reflects how we use RMI in our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Moving to Slide 12. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $2.2 billion and a cash flow yield of 21.7%. Please turn to Slide 13 and our 2022 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account our third quarter results, the current margin environment and forward curves, we've increased our full year 2022 adjusted EPS outlook to at least $13.50 per share, a $1.50 per share increase over our previous outlook. In Agribusiness, full year results are expected to be higher than our previous outlook but down from last year as stronger results in processing are more than offset by lower expected performance in Merchandising, which had a particularly strong prior year. In Refined and Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and significantly higher than last year, driven by our refining operations. In Milling, full year results are expected to be in line with our previous outlook and significantly higher than last year. In Corporate and Other, results are expected to be in line with our previous outlook and last year. In non-core, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be lower than our previous forecast and down slightly from last year. Additionally, the Company now estimates the following for 2022: an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 16%, net interest expense of $300 million, capital expenditures of $600 million and depreciation and amortization of $400 million. We have reduced our CapEx forecast from our previous estimate of $650 million primarily due to supply chain delays. We would expect to carry the shortfall over into 2023. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts on how we're investing in the business to ensure that we're best positioned to capture the growth ahead of us, and that's in our physical infrastructure, our technology and, most importantly, our team. First, we're strategically investing in our existing facilities in safety and maintenance projects as well as in key upgrades to ensure our platform remains strong and efficient and operates at optimal utilization. Second, we're investing in and planning for new projects, both through partnerships as well as greenfield and brownfield opportunities that further our strategic goals and exceed our return requirements. We're also investing aggressively into digital tools. We know we will deliver our greatest impact when our teams are fully empowered to use technology, data and new ways of working to connect farmers to consumers in smarter, faster and simpler ways. This includes investments in interconnectivity, automation and machine learning to ensure our plants run reliably and at optimal performance. We're also investing in systems to increase real-time insights to help us better anticipate key market trends, manage flows and transactions. And this is a great example of our focus on continuous improvement in an area where we feel we already possess industry-leading risk management capabilities for Bunge and our customers. And most importantly, we're investing in our team. Having the right people with the right skills to make the best use of our assets and technology is what leads to our success. We continue investing in learning and development programs to support our strong talent at all levels of the organization. We're also expanding our intern and trainee programs to ensure that we have a steady and diverse pipeline of the best and brightest talent to develop into the next generation of leaders for this great company. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays.
Ben Theurer: So it's a structure question. So obviously, you raised the guidance by about $1.50 to $13.50 now, and you just set third record year in a row. I mean we all know the market environment is really good. And I mean you've obviously leveraged on that. But could you talk a little bit about what is driving our results. I mean how much of that increase is structural, how much is in control of Bunge? Also in light of that, just a few years ago, you made like $10 less earnings per share versus what you've been running at like last year to this year? So just to understand the magnitude, how much is structural, how much is Bunge itself and how do you think about this going forward?
Greg Heckman: Okay. Thanks, Ben. Let me talk about Bunge first and then talk a little bit about the environment. Look, we're running a very different company. If you think about the significant changes that we made here starting with the portfolio, the number of investments that we've made, we've optimized the footprint. We protected the fact that we have a very global footprint, and that's shown to be very important here. We're approaching how we operate with a completely different level of discipline, and that's not only on the day-to-day risk management of how we operate, how we think about investments and how we make investments. We focus really on the assets. And these big fixed asset businesses, you need to really be excellent operationally and the way our commercial teams work with our industrial teams. I mean you can look at our volumes, our capacity utilization, and the unplanned downtime continues to get lower, just the focus around the operational improvements are fantastic and very important, the focus, of course, on the balance sheet, strengthening that, our credit ratings and liquidity. And then the operating model, right, the operating model and the reward system to support it, that's really led to the agility that allows us to take advantage of a better environment. And it's the agility and the alignment of our global team and the speed to act. And I think you saw some of that even here in the fourth quarter -- or in the third quarter. If you look externally, we've got a lot of -- a lot that's changed, right? If you look back here in what we've done here in the last three years that we were in control of, there are a lot of things we weren't, right? But renewable diesel, that is definitely a tailwind in biofuels in general globally. And with -- so I think the energy prices and the volatility we expect going forward, that doesn't look like that's going to change. Global S&Ds have remained tight, and that's led to more volatility. And then, of course, we've had the dislocation from the Ukraine-Russia conflict, and that's going to carry on as well going forward on the dislocation even if the war ended today because of the lack of trust and because of infrastructure that's been damaged. And then you've just got geopolitical tension and uncertainty. Again, the climate and the weather extremes and then add in all the supply chain challenges that started with the pandemic but seem to not be able to get cured even as the pandemic winds down in most parts of the world. So, what that leads to is, it's more complexity for all. And our business is really helping our customers at both ends of the supply chain manage that complexity and helping solve problems. And I think our global footprint and our way of operating it are showing them in a number of different conditions that we can continue to deliver, and we're really proud of that.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. Well, that was very clear. And then just one quick follow-up. I mean when we look into the fourth quarter and what you've basically been guiding for and just in comparison to last year, could you give us a little bit of a more detail versus what the annual guidance is and what you expect from a sector-specific -- segment-specific point of view for the fourth quarter in Agribusiness, Refined and Milling?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I'd start by saying just reminding you what we do in our outlook is we look at, one, what the curves are. And then of course, we look at what we have on the books already. What we are seeing in the Refined and Specialty Oils is a higher percentage booked here for Q4 and even starting out into 2023. And of course, that's the most stable part of the P&L., so that gives us some of the confidence in the at least $13.50. And then, we're seeing no doubt an environment that has been very hard to predict. So it's fairly risk off, I think, globally if you look at the macros. And so, we're definitely operating with lower levels of risk, and it's very uncertain how it will play out. But I think that's what's in our outlook, that in the curves.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just add, Ben, that the -- ultimately, we had a very good fourth quarter last year in Merchandising, and that's the one that's the most inherently difficult to predict. And so, we don't certainly forecast a quarter like what we saw last year, but that's also where the opportunity ends up when we see volatility. So with the at least $13.50 implies that there could be upside. But certainly, if we get it, it will be most likely in the Merchandising segment.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask maybe a follow-on to Ben's question but in a slightly different way. Just thinking about where the stock is priced today, it looks exceptionally undervalued either relative to kind of the forward outlook in the next 12-month period or even at your mid-cycle earnings power, baseline earnings power update you gave us as of the last quarter. And I'm wondering maybe given the constructive backdrop that we see in the very visible demand drivers you talked about, what would have to happen for us to go either back to baseline or below that over the next year or a couple of years? Because it seems like there's a fairly draconian outlook on being implied in the stock price today. I know you guys bought some soft back in the quarter. I think you probably agree it's undervalued. But I'm just curious like how bad do things need to get? Does it need to be a tail risk? What needs to happen for things to go off of where they are?
Greg Heckman: Yes, we agree it's very undervalued, Ben, so thanks for calling that out. Look, we don't see an environment here in the next couple of years which is looking out fairly far for these businesses. If you look at the structural setup on what needs to be done from a production standpoint globally to continue to build the crops to what we see coming on demand, so I think S&Ds continue to stay tight. And we talked about the tailwinds from biofuels generally and renewable diesel specifically. So, we don't see a way back to baseline here for the next couple of years. That's just -- that's not in the cards.
John Neppl: I would -- yes, Ben, I would agree and I -- with that comment from Greg. And I think when you look at just the front-end demand that we have for soybean oil, refined oil today in a market where perhaps even R&D isn't ramping up as quickly as some people would have expected, we're still very tight and forward demand for soybean oil is very strong. And on top of that, there's always the looming recession discussion. But for us, I think if you go back and look over time, our company has performed extremely well historically and generate a lot of cash even in tough environments. So, we feel very good about the next couple of years. And to Greg's point, I don't think we really see a scenario where the $8.50 baseline even comes into play.
Greg Heckman: I think the other thing we're personally struggling with, and I don't think ourselves, our industry are specific to that, I think it's kind of broad-based. It's more expensive to build things, to build capacity, and it takes longer to get things done. And that also extends the cycle. And then as we've talked about, I think globalization is done for a period of time. How long, we'll see. And what that means is that when we had a supply problem or a demand surge globally. Every origin and every destination was available to solve that problem in the past. And that's no longer true based on what's happened with the war and with geopolitical tensions. So with that not changing, there are fewer ways to solve and which means more volatility. And that also is -- creates the opportunity as we have to help people solve problems, to help with food security, and all of that sustains the cycle as well.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. That's great. Just as a follow-up, you did buy back stock in the quarter. What was the catalyst for that? What prompted that? Is that something -- I know it's something that you talked about in your multiyear plan as a part of your capital allocation priorities. But maybe help us think about expectations around that.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben, we've talked about kind of in our go-forward planning that we're going to buy back $1.25 billion worth of stock over the next five years. And it's really just part of our normal allocation plan. And as we look forward and we looked at the amount of cash we're generating and our forward pipeline of projects, both CapEx and M&A, we felt like we -- it was a good time to buy. And we're continuing to generate cash, and this won't be a one and done. It's going to be a normal part of it going forward. We've said we'll kind of be opportunistic around timing and pricing. And as you know, we have windows where we're blacked out around quarter ends and things like that, so we have to -- we have time, sometimes a limited amount of time to do it in any given quarter, but it just -- we just felt like it was the right time to step in and do some. And we'll continue to look at it every quarter like we always do.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So maybe the first question, just thinking on the fourth quarter outlook a little bit and maybe in Agribusiness I wanted to just think about some of the pieces because full year Agribusiness down to date. You're basically flat in the whole segment. Obviously, you talked about Merchandising had a good fourth quarter, and you don't always -- don't assume that as a baseline. But do we infer just from -- on the processing and crushing side? I mean margins especially in North America remain excellent right now and would be -- I think I had last year's levels that kind of thinking processing higher year-over-year merchandising assumption lower as you see what the market gives you is kind of the starting assumption? Or am I missing something in that buildup?
Greg Heckman: No, I think that's correct. And when you think about Merchandising, the backdrop there, of course, is demand down in China with continued COVID zero policy that definitely had some effect not only on commodity price but also on freight and opportunities there. So, we'll see how that plays out. And then on the crush side, yes, North America continues very strong. Of course, we've got the energy challenges in Europe which has had definitely some effect there on our soy now. That being said, I think the team has done a nice job of managing as margins have been very volatile and whether we've had to ship in from outside the continent from some of our other capacity or if -- when the margins are there to lock it in so that we can run. But those would be some of the big drivers to watch here.
John Neppl: Yes. Adam, I just -- I'd add to that, that when you look at kind of where we'll end up for the year based on our current forecast, we are going to be up in processing, which when you look at the environment with COVID impact in China, it's been a relatively tough year, high energy costs in Europe, and the fact that we'll finish up in processing is pretty exceptional. And Merchandising, we just had a phenomenal last year. We're going to have a good year this year in Merchandising. We just had a really unusually strong year last year. It doesn't mean we couldn't repeat it going forward at some point, but we certainly don't predict that here for the remainder of the year. But again, that's where some of the upside is. And then, of course, on the Refined and Specialty Oils side, significant overachievement versus a year ago. And then Milling is with the strong first half we had, we're going to finish well ahead of last year. So all in all, other than Merchandising, which is the piece that inherently is most difficult to predict and maybe the most opportunistic, the base part of the business, the rest of it is looking to be very strong year-over-year.
Adam Samuelson: Right. That's helpful. And then maybe coming back to some of the capital allocation discussion and I mean obviously the working capital balances came down, the net debt came down. You did buy back some stock. But can you help us frame just what you think of your dry powder today is? Thinking also in terms of the committed credit facilities that you have, a couple of those facilities are delayed draw term loans, which you think are opportunistic funding for potential M&A. Just how do you see that M&A environment and the dry powder broadly that you have in the balance sheet that test looks pretty underlevered.
John Neppl: Yes. I mean if you look at it today, we're -- we've got -- if you just look at today where our credit metrics are with the rating agencies, a 1.3x for Moody's, for example, that would imply $3 billion to $4 billion of dry powder and debt capacity alone, not to mention what we expect to continue to generate in cash. So, we do have a lot of dry powder. And obviously, we're going to -- as we said before, we're going to maintain discipline in our approach to capital projects and the timing of those, with M&A and the timing of that. And certainly, we don't expect to maintain these conservative levels forever. That's not what we want to do. We want to deploy the capital in one way or another. Certainly, M&A is opportunistic, and timing of that is very difficult to predict. But we're certainly -- we have an eye on that area. CapEx, things are a little slower than what we'd like to see just given supply chain constraints, but we do expect the next couple of years to be significantly above our historical levels of CapEx. And then, of course, buybacks, we -- that's going to be a big part of the mix as well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate all that color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Two questions actually. Maybe could you give a little more color on the volume -- the processing volume that you did in the quarter regionally because your volumes are impressive given the tough conditions. I just wanted to know where are you up and where are you down? I imagine Europe is down. And secondly, I had a question about your cash flow statement. And cash flow from operations is negative using the accounting rules. But when you give yourself credit for securitized trade receivables, it's -- I guess, it's very positive. So can you walk me through a little bit more about how that works? And with respect to your share repurchase, is it an obstacle in buying back as much shares as you want? Or is it not really relevant to that?
John Neppl: Yes. Thanks, Rob. Yes, first of all, operationally, when we look at the quarter from a refining and from a processing standpoint, actually, the two places we were down, one was Argentina, we were down slightly year-over-year for the quarter; and then in China. But everywhere else, we were flat to up. So actually, very strong volume in the U.S. around processing. In Brazil, we were ahead of last year. And in Europe, despite the difficulty, we were basically flat year-over-year in terms of volume on processing. With respect to cash flow, in part why we put a deck out on our portal this morning on our website is to try to help eliminate some of the confusion around the impact of our AR securitization program and how that impacts cash flow. It doesn't really impact cash flow. It impacts the presentation of cash flow. And...
Rob Moskow: That's right. I see it now. It shows up in the investing activities, yes. I see it now.
John Neppl: And in fact, we're working on a redesign of that program right now and hopeful that if we can do that, it's going to eliminate the way we have to report it externally, which will make -- will go a long way in clarifying our real underlying cash flow. Then you really have to just look at our change in working capital and kind of set that aside to get to our underlying cash flow. So our underlying cash flow, we do, do an adjusted FFO, and there's a reconciliation in the back of our investor presentation to get to those numbers. That's how we look at it. And ultimately, the other way to look at it is look at the trend in our working capital or inventory levels versus our debt, where we've been able to decrease debt over time, but yet we still continue to increase working capital when it's opportunistic. And our RMI, our inventory levels have been up because of prices, but yet we've been able to maintain or reduce our debt over that time period. And ultimately, obviously, that capital will be available to deploy elsewhere, but a big part of why our leverage ratios have gone down so much. And then on share repurchases, there's -- share repurchase is going to be opportunistic for us. We haven't -- we don't really view it as just by systematically every week or every month X amount of shares. We're going to look at times when we think it makes sense to step in and do it. We are committed to it, as we've said before, and I would expect that to -- especially given our strong cash flow history and expectations going forward, that will be a part of the mix.
Rob Moskow: Can I ask how you came to the number for 200 million? Why not why not 400 million, why not 500 million given the flex on the balance sheet?
John Neppl: Yes. Look, that's a fair question. I think we just looked at it as where we were at the time where we -- it just was a number we picked. I don't know if there's any real heavy science behind it other than it's just going to be part of -- we've committed to 250 million a year minimum, and we may not do that on one fell swoop, but there could be times going forward where we have a bigger chunk like what you've mentioned. But it just -- no particular reason other than we just felt like that was a good number for the quarter.
Greg Heckman: I might just brag on the team real quick. I mean part of the volume, right, is we continue to think about it as a global system. So one, these heavy investments, in fixed assets is the team -- the industrial team has done a phenomenal job of having the investments in asset health and having the assets up and ready to run. The KPIs are better on important things like unplanned downtime. And then the teams are working globally that even as tough as margins have been in China and managing that long supply chain, that when the margins have been there on the cash side, they've done a great job of locking those in. As tough as it's been in Europe with energy prices being so volatile and margins so volatile, the team has been very agile and done a great job of managing our footprint between North America and South America and Europe in order to lock those margins in and be able to run those assets that the industrial team had ready. So, the coordination and the agility of the team is how you see those volumes there, and we are very proud of that.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Tom Palmer with JPMorgan.
Tom Palmer: I guess just to kick it off. I wanted to get your thoughts on how shipping delays on the Mississippi River affect your business, both opportunities and headwinds?
Greg Heckman: Yes, it's definitely adding more complexity to an already complex situation. Of course, it's not unique to us, and that is part of having a global system. Of course, it's shifted things to the P&W. It has also shifted things to South America. I mean this is one of the things that with what's happening in the Black Sea and now with the logistical problems with the river here in North America, our strong South American footprint, which is always really important to us, but it's never been more important. And we saw that even when the farmer in Argentina was liquidating soybeans earlier through the soy dollar that those exports then were able to get to China when things were tight in North America. So, it is about flexing that global system. And then the margins are already good in North America. So of course, where product can't move to export, we're running as hard as we can to process and to be able to continue to have the bids out there for the farmers.
Tom Palmer: Great. And then I wanted to ask on the soybean oil demand side. So we heard yesterday from a large renewable diesel operator that their plant has started using soybean oil as feedstock. There are a variety of plants either ramping production or nearing completion on the RD side. What are you seeing in terms of soybean oil demand? Is it kind of steady state over the past couple of quarters? Are you starting to see increased demand pull from the biofuels industry? It sounds like you've got some visibility at least a couple of quarters out here in terms of your book. Or are you seeing any signs of demand destruction from the food industry to offset that increased biofuels pull?
John Neppl: Yes, I can take that, Tom, to start. Yes, we haven't really seen any decline even on the food side. Energy continues to inch up a little bit as a percentage of the total refined that we're selling, but it hasn't been a dramatic shift yet. And -- but what's more interesting is there's more demand further out on the curve for soybean oil. And so when you look out and typically look at where we lock in the crush going forward X amount per quarter, and usually, there's not a lot locked out beyond, say, one quarter or two, there's been a lot of interest in soybean oil pricing out beyond the next quarter or two and probably more than we've seen. And obviously, we're being very deliberate about what we're willing to price when, but the demand is out there. And it does continue to grow steadily. And we haven't seen any decline or lack of interest from either the energy or the food industry at this point. So we're pretty optimistic about the trend where we're at here.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Salvador Tiano: This is Salvador Tiano filling in for Steve. So my first question is a little bit following up on the renewable fuels. Inflation reduction is kind of changing the credit structure from 2025. I think moving to a more CI-based credit as opposed to flat amount for renewable fuels, do you think that this will change the demand for different vegetable oils like soybean or even incentivized ethanol as an option? How do you see this changing the landscape for demand in the next few years?
Greg Heckman: Yes. All of the inflation reduction hasn't played out yet. I think, mid Nov, we're going to see some of the final word from EPA. But net-net, it feels friendly to biofuels in general. And then I think the other thing we're watching is canola oil out of Canada. Of course, there's a big strong demand from the food side, and that continues to work down into the U.S. but seeing if canola's up getting a pathway into renewable diesel, which would also be friendly overall demand. But we'll see how all the details play out but right now feels net-net positive and expect that to continue.
John Neppl: Yes. And I would just add that the lower CI feedstocks, if you think about primarily used cooking oil and animal fats, tallow, things like that. There is a limited amount of that. And ultimately, as all this renewable diesel ramps up, the one certainty that they have would be supply of soybean oil on a large scale. And ultimately, everything will price probably off of CI score, but soybean oil is going to be a big demand -- a big supply base for the industry. And to Greg's point, canola oil finds a pathway that's good for us because we are a big canola processor in Canada and we handle a lot of canola oil. And ultimately, the consistency of supply to be able to provide large volume to these massive renewable diesel production facilities is going to be important. And we're positioned obviously very well to take advantage of that.
Salvador Tiano: Okay. Perfect. And I also wanted to touch base on the price of soybean oil. I mean it's more than double what it was, I guess, a normalized base, years ago. But the curve still has it going down to the 50s, I think, cents per pound by 2024. You discussed how there's more demand. There seems to be more demand emerging further out for oil than usual. Do you think that actually the prices a couple of years out can stay higher at current levels of around $0.70? Or is the curve pricing soybean oil correctly?
Greg Heckman: Well, I think as we do look at our outlook, right, we're not going to say we're smarter than the market. The market is the market. Now you do need to look not only at the future, but you need to look at what the cash markets are doing. And ag markets in general are always more liquid and probably a better predictor in the 90- to 180-day market as the economics become more clear. And as there's less certainty, the market reflects that at times, but the market is the market.
John Neppl: Yes. And I would just add that far out, there's really no liquidity. So it's probably not a real indicator of ultimately where things will end up. As you look at the curves generally has been inverted on the crush. But when you get into the cash, things have been extremely robust as it's rolled forward. So it's pretty hard to imagine and impossible to predict that far out. But to Greg's point, I think we're going to see -- we expect to see strong demand further out. And obviously, the market will adjust to whatever the S&Ds are at the time.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Steven Haynes with Morgan Stanley.
Steven Haynes: I was wondering if we could just hear your thoughts on the Brazil-China corn agreement and just any kind of thoughts on how that would impact your footprint and broader kind of trade dynamics?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Look, I think it makes complete sense for China to add another origin of being able to have Brazil corn available, and the corn crop continues to grow in grow in Brazil. And I think we believe those volumes will grow long term. We really -- we love our South American footprint in Brazil and Argentina. And so, we'll be prepared to serve them from there when the market works. And as part of a global system, we want every origin and every destination to be available because that's what's best for both the farmers and the consuming customers. So that will be a positive over the long term, and we think it makes sense.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Sam Margolin with Wolfe Research.
Sam Margolin: What I wanted to ask about processing and more on the RD theme and sort of an unusual environment going on two years now with soybeans and processing, where the oil is really carrying a lot of the value and mill is almost sort of subsidized by oil. And I want to know if you think that's sustainable or if meal has to catch up and bridge and even higher crush margin? Or if this is kind of a new normal because the energy market is now such a big demand center for the commodity?
John Neppl: Yes, Sam, thanks. This is John. Oil certainly has become a bigger part of the crush. It's probably been hovered, say, in the 45% range in terms of contribution to the overall crush, whereas historically, it was much less than that. And I think over time, our expectation has been that that oil will continue to be and perhaps could even be a bigger part of the crush going forward as demand increases around renewable diesel production. And meal is certainly not a laggard today by any means, and meal demand has been very strong as well. And that's why you're seeing especially in the U.S. incredibly strong crush margins overall because both oil demand and meal demand have been robust. Yes. And over time, that mix will move around a little bit here and there. I think sometimes we see it get as high as 48% on oil contribution and down in the low 40s. But it's been above 40% here for a while. And could it go over 50% in the future, maybe. Hard to predict today, but it will depend certainly on meal demand will be the driver for that.
Sam Margolin: Okay. And then I was wondering if I could ask for a little more detail about China since it's come up a couple of times in the call and specifically with Merchandising. And you mentioned that Merchandising had a really strong fourth quarter last year, and incidentally, China was experiencing kind of a very rapid reopening throughout the second half of '21. And so, I was wondering if maybe if China really accounts for the entirety of your sort of year-over-year view on Merchandising and maybe a little more caution into the end of this year. And if so, what does that mean for Merchandising if we get China reopening next year and a faster pace of demand recovery.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think there's probably two big drivers. China is definitely one of them. Of course, they're an important part of the global demand picture. And so when they are slowed down as they have been, it definitely has -- it has a trickle-down effect. So yes, you got to believe we'll get beyond the COVID policy there eventually and see demand rebound. And yes, that should be constructive. The other is just the amount of uncertainty in markets overall, things like even the corridor in Ukraine, will it remain open and what does that mean to the flows where they're coming from, from a supply and demand. And that uncertainty has really driven buyers and sellers to be much more spot which also is a tougher environment, I think, for merchandising. So, I think if we get some direction around some of these things, then you maybe start to see buyers and sellers go out farther on the curve and start to see maybe that demand growth out of China. And then both of those could be positive.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Chris Shaw with Monness, Crespi, Hardt.
Chris Shaw: Just curious on -- you touched on it very briefly, the Argentinian soy dollar program. I assume that might have been the source of why you had lower crush volumes in Argentina. But just more broadly, how did that whole program, what sort of impact did that have on the quarter for both the overall South American business, maybe just the market in general. But -- and is that -- is there any sort of lingering effects of that? I just -- it seems like -- just can fully understand what the impacts of that were and how that for the market and for you guys specifically.
Greg Heckman: Yes. It definitely had a big impact, right? The farmer had not been commercializing their soybeans. That had been hard on volume. So what we saw with the soy dollar program was that the farmer commercialized a lot more beans than anyone expected. And that allowed not only ourselves and the industry to reestablish the quantities we needed for crushing here going forward, but that also saw them move into the export, some export of beans happened. So that was helpful on the near term. Of course, now the farmer, once they've had that opportunity, now they've completely quit selling. We're a little dry over there. That also will have them holding on across, but now they'll wait and see what's next. So we pulled forward some of that selling. We've got ourselves positioned to be able to crush here for a while. But if you look at the replacement margins, they're, of course, not good right now. So, we'll see when the next wave of selling comes, and that will either be government-driven or something improving in the weather and the farmer feeling better about overall S&Ds going forward.
Chris Shaw: And when they had the program, did that then depress business in Brazil just because you were doing -- there was so much coming out of Argentina including exports?
Greg Heckman: There's always a little interplay between Argentina and Brazil, but that was kind of right at the time where things were tightening up in North America and the concerns about North America because of the dryness in the Mississippi River system. I think we saw river levels the lowest or lower than actually back in 2012. And so, some of that export that got pushed out actually was filling that gap where some of that North American export now may be pushed out later. So, things kind of actually fell -- from a global standpoint, kind of fell in the line, although I don't think there was any careful planning. It was a little bit fortuitous.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: To touch base on the refined oil margin, can you talk about how that progresses over the next couple of years? And then, when I think about it, I look at your baseline number of $400 million, and you're at a run rate of $750 million to $800 million. Trying to figure out how those two kind of align. It just seems like I would actually think that there's a possibility that, that margin can actually go higher, but you're kind of indicating that $400 million baseline. So, I was just trying to figure that out.
John Neppl: Yes, Ken, the $400 baseline was built on a premise that at some point, refining margins are going to go back to historical levels. And that's not -- we're not necessarily predicting that, that we're just saying that in our baseline, that's our assumption that it will. And certainly, we don't expect that to happen in the next couple of years, certainly. And in fact, I think to your point, it's not a straight line. And I think we do expect a pretty robust margin environment for refined oil here for the foreseeable future. And so, we may very well have to revisit that at some point. But right now, we're just saying that if all the production gets built and S&Ds get more imbalanced down the road and the refiners build their own pretreatment capability, we could see that margin decline to more historical levels. It may not, we'll see. I mean I think things have been a little bit slower on the pretreatment side, and that's good for us. And it gives us an opportunity to continue to get closer to those customers and work with them on alternatives other than building their own.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think we talked a little -- John talked a little bit about it, but yes, costing more to build pretreatment and taking longer to build, so one costs more, the economics are different on whether they should build it or not. Those are some of the rumors we've heard of projects being at least delayed if not stopped. That's what gives us some of the confidence and pushes that out into the future. And then I think this is really a new industry that's developing. And I think as they figure out how these different feedstocks work and work in their refineries and affect their catalysts and affect their economics, that we'll continue to see the market develop. And we've got all the oils. We've got the mac quantity. We're working with multiple parties. So, we like where we're positioned.
Ken Zaslow: When you renegotiate -- my understanding is that you go through a process, right, that there's a negotiation process for the refined oil, and you guys lock it in, I think, for a period of time. So, will there be another reset as you kind of go to the next negotiation? I don't know if it's in three months, six months, 12 months, whatever it is. Is there another process? Or how does that play out? It just seems like there is actually more opportunity.
Greg Heckman: Well, I don't think of the fuel customers, you think about them a lot different than feed customers or food customers, right? I think it depends on the Company, on whether they're more comfortable buying spot or whether they want to lock in the overages or whether they want to lock in flat price or how far out on the curve they are. So, I don't think we can generalize. It's really company by company. So you've constantly got business rolling. At times, sometimes it will extend depending on their end markets and/or our markets on feedstock, where it can go shorter and be more spot or go out further. But it's kind of continually -- continually going forward. And what we have right now is on the Refined and Specialty Oils side is slightly more than normal booked here in Q4. And we've got more volumes and price booked out into 2023 than normal. And so, that's some of our confidence in calling the at least $13.50.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then my last question is, on capacity utilization rates, was there any place around the globe that you thought you were underutilized? Were you largely -- was your capacity largely used during the quarter? How do you kind of think about that? And because I think your competitor said that there were some shutdowns and idling of plants around the world, did you guys have the same impact? And just how you guys -- because you said that you're operating a little bit more efficiently, so I just wanted to touch base on that, and I'll leave it there.
Greg Heckman: Yes. We look at the total in global. So globally, yes, we're proud of the total volume we ran the total capacity utilization. But yes, sure, it can always be better, right? We're shut down in the Ukraine. Margins have been tough in China. We've got more capacity we could have run there if margins had been better. And we're seeing animal margins start to return there in China, so we do expect that to be better and that demand we'll see coming into '23. And then in Argentina, right, as we talked about because of the farmer marketing, we had not run quite as hard. And then managing some of the energy volatility in Europe, we didn't run quite as hard. But that being said, when you add it up in total, I think the way our team executed and took advantage of the opportunities that were there was fantastic. And so, we're proud of that, and we'll continue to stay focused in what's a very dynamic and challenging world to help people manage food security and help our customers at both ends of the value chain be successful.
Operator: Thank you. And this concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor to Greg Heckman for any closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thank you. I'd just say we continue to be so proud of the team's commitment and their execution especially in light of the current market environment. So very proud of the model we've got here at Bunge and our ability to continue to capitalize on the opportunities. So thank you very much, and everyone, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Limited Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants, will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Jason. And thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann. Good morning, everyone. I want to start by congratulating our team for another strong quarter. Thanks to their continued focused execution in this highly dynamic environment. The results of the team delivered confirms that Bunge's global asset footprint, coupled with our operating model enables us to more quickly adapt to market shifts. Those changes can be difficult to immediately predict. But our team has the agility and discipline to adjust and capitalize on market opportunities over time. With our flexibility and global view of the end-to-end value chains, we're able to help our customers find solutions to the challenges and opportunities they encounter. The war in Ukraine has dramatically upset traditional origin to destination trade flows and we've worked to find different sources for products that our customers want. Our innovation teams have also been working alongside our customers to help them reformulate products in response to tightening supplies. At the same time, we're keeping our focus on sustainability, including our commitment to have deforestation-free supply chains in 2025. And Bunge's sustainable partnership program uses tools like farm scale satellite monitoring to help resellers assess their suppliers' social environmental performance in the Brazilian Cerrado. As described in our most recent sustainability report, Bunge is now able to monitor at least 64% of indirect volumes in our priority regions, surpassing the 50% target set for the end of 2022. Our ability to optimize value for both our customers and Bunge is reflected in our results today, as well as in our long-term view of our opportunity, which we'll touch on later. But first, turning to second quarter numbers. We continue to build on our strong momentum, delivering our 11th consecutive quarter of year-over-year earnings growth. Results in Agribusiness and also in refined and specialty oils benefited from strong demand and continued tight commodity supplies. Milling results were up, delivering a record quarter, as our teams effectively managed our supply chains in a dynamic environment. Looking ahead, we're expecting to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $12 per share for the full year 2022, and that's up from the outlook we provided last quarter. This includes increased estimates in all of our core segments. Supplies remain tight in the physical markets across all of our key businesses, regardless of the commodity volatility driven by the broader financial markets. Regular seasonal production factors and continued global supply chain challenges make the value of the services we bring to our customers more relevant than ever and gives us confidence in our outlook. Before handing it over to John, I want to take a moment to discuss both the updated earnings baseline and the growth framework we've announced today. When we first introduced our mid-cycle baseline in June of 2020, we were early in our work to transform our operating model and optimize our portfolio. We provided that earnings framework to help you think about how we intended to operate the business with the changes we were making. With the initial portfolio and organizational work now behind us, we're updating our baseline in the earnings framework from $7 to $8.50. That reflects our global platform as it stands today. This includes the structural improvements in the oilseed market environment and greater benefits from our operating model. We're also providing you with a way to think about what our platform can deliver in the future. And that's because we've been deploying capital for growth, making investments in our business that will continue to increase our earnings baseline. We also intend to allocate capital for share repurchases. The incremental earnings from capital that we are deploying should enable us to perform at a higher level in a mid-cycle environment. As a result, we're providing a 4-year earnings growth framework of approximately $11 per share by the end of 2026. This growth framework includes the increased earnings baseline of $8.50, plus the futures benefits of investments in the business and share repurchases. With that, I'll hand the call over to John to walk through the results and the updated framework in more detail.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported second quarter earnings per share was $1.34 compared to $2.37 in the second quarter of 2021. Our reported results include a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $1.26 per share and a negative impact of $0.37 per share related to onetime items. Adjusted EPS was $2.97 in the quarter versus $2.61 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $709 million in the quarter versus $550 million last year, reflecting higher results in ag processing, refined specialty oils and milling. In total, Agribusiness results of $386 million were down compared to last year. The higher results in processing were primarily driven by U.S. and Brazil soy crush due to strong meal and oil demand. Results in softseed crush were also higher, primarily driven by North America. Merchandising had a good quarter managing market volatility well. However, results were down compared to a very strong prior year, as a higher contribution from global grains was more than offset by lower results in ocean freight. In Refined and Specialty Oils results were higher in all regions, with particular strength in North America and Europe refining, both benefiting from strong food demand, as well as strong U.S. fuel demand. In Milling, higher results in the quarter were driven by North and South America wheat milling, reflecting higher margins and effective risk management of our supply chains. The increase in corporate expenses in the quarter was primarily related to expenditures on growth initiatives and timing of performance-based compensation accruals. The increase in Other, primarily related to our captive insurance program and gains on investments in Bunge Ventures. In our non-core Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture, higher ethanol and sugar prices were more than offset by the combination of lower ethanol volumes and increased costs. For the six months ended June 30, income tax expense was $144 million compared to $242 million in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to lower pretax income. Net interest expense was up compared to last year due to both higher interest rates and higher average debt levels. Also impacting the quarter were foreign currency borrowings in certain countries where interest rates were high. However, the incrementally higher borrowing costs were fully offset with currency hedges reported in gross margin. Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our positive EPS and EBIT trends adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past 4 years, along with the trailing 12 months. In addition to validating the resilience of our global platform and operating model over time, it also demonstrates continuing strong performance by our team that has successfully managed different and rapidly changing market environments over this time period. As shown on Slide 7, addressable SG&A increased modestly year-over-year. After 2 years of COVID-related impacts, employee travel and related expenses have picked up. And as we have discussed on previous earnings calls, we are increasing investments in people, processes and technology to strengthen our capability and drive growth. Slide 8 details our capital allocation of the approximately $1.2 billion of adjusted funds from operations that we generated in the first half of the year. After allocating $101 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety, and $8 million to preferred dividends on shares now converted to common equity, we had approximately $1.1 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $154 million in common dividends and invested $111 million in growth and productivity CapEx, leaving approximately $865 million of retained cash flow, which was invested in additional working capital. Our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation puts us in a position to allocate capital to the best value-creating opportunities, which I will discuss later in the presentation. As we have demonstrated in the past, we will continue to maintain a disciplined and balanced approach. As you can see on Slide 9, at quarter end, readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $2.7 billion, a significant change from a year ago. Year-to-date, our underlying cash flow has allowed us to invest significantly in inventory with only a small increase in debt. Over time, as commodity prices moderate, the cash invested in inventory will be released and available for deployment for debt reduction and/or other uses. Slide 10 highlights our liquidity position, which remains strong. At quarter end, we had just under $6 billion of committed credit facilities unused and available. This provides us ample liquidity to manage our ongoing working capital needs in this volatile commodity price environment. As shown on Slide 11, our trailing 12 months adjusted ROIC was 22%, 15.4 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 14.9% or 8.9 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6%. The spread between these return metrics reflects how we use RMI and our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Moving to Slide 12. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of just over $2 billion and a cash flow yield of 20.8%. Please turn to Slide 13 and our 2022 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account our Q2 results, the current margin environment and forward curves, we've increased our full year adjusted EPS outlook to at least $12 per share, a $0.50 [ph] per share increase over our previous outlook with potential upside depending on market environment and supply and demand balance. In Agribusiness, full year results are expected to be slightly higher than our previous outlook, but remained down from last year to lower expected performance in merchandising, which had a particularly strong prior year. In Refined & Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and higher than last year, driven by strong demand in North American and European businesses. In Milling, full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and significantly higher than last year, driven by strong first half results. We expect results in the second half of the year to be more reflective of historical performance. In Corporate and Other, results are now expected to be less favorable than our previous outlook and more in line with the prior year. In non-core, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with last year. Additionally, the company now expects the following for the year, an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 14% to 16%, net interest expense in the range of $310 million to $330 million, capital expenditures at the lower end of the range of $650 million to $750 million and depreciation and amortization of approximately $400 million. With that, I'd like to now shift to an overview of our new earnings growth framework. The waterfall chart on Slide 14 shows a change from our baseline of $7 a share, which we established last year to an updated baseline of approximately $8.50. We are also introducing an earnings growth framework that shows an increase in our mid-cycle baseline to approximately $11 per share by year-end 2026. We see potential upside of $1-plus through additional investments in growth CapEx, bolt-on M&A and/or share repurchases from the deployment of additional retained cash. Let's turn to Slide 15 and the drivers supporting this framework. The increase in our baseline to approximately $8.50 primarily reflects structural improvement in the oilseed market environment and greater benefits from our operating model. Consistent with our previous approach, we are defining our long-term average oilseed crush margin range by using the weighted average of our footprint for the past 4 years plus the trailing 12 months. We also have adjusted for returns likely needed to incent the addition of crush capacity, especially in North America to meet the growing demand for renewable diesel. [Author ID1: at Fri Jul 29 00:18:00 2022 ] This increases our average structural soy crush margin to a range of $37 to $39 per metric ton, and it increases our average structural softseed crush margins, which is more sensitive to oil demand to a range of $57 to $61 per metric ton. We believe both of these ranges reflect more reasonable mid-cycle margins in a go-forward structural market environment. We have also further increased the normalized earnings of our oilseed origination and distribution businesses and our merchandising sub-segment, reflecting the more coordinated and aligned approach within the value chains from the changes we have made to our operating model and approach to managing risk. The slight increase in Refined & Specialty Oils earnings to approximately $400 million annually is being driven by higher capacity utilization in North America refining. Importantly, we assume that margins in North America refining moderate back to roughly historical averages, as we expect in time that the renewable diesel industry will add pre-treatment capability to their facilities. However, the timing of this transition has become more uncertain, as we continue to hear of delays to projects due to higher construction costs and supply chain disruptions. There are no changes from our earlier baseline of approximately $100 million annually in Milling. Corporate and Other are less favorable, primarily due to inflation and increased costs related to growth initiatives. We increased the contribution from our Sugar & Bioenergy JV slightly, reflecting improved execution and market dynamics. With respect to cost management, we expect to partially offset inflation driven per unit costs through increased productivity. There is minimal change to our forecasted effective tax rate, which we updated last year with the increase of our baseline to $7. Now let's look at the drivers of the increase in our base of earnings over the coming years, which will enable us to generate EPS at near current levels but in a mid-cycle environment. In total, we expect to deploy approximately $3.3 billion toward growth investments with about $2.3 billion being allocated toward CapEx, as we have highlighted in the past and approximately $1 billion toward bolt-on M&A. Our CapEx investments are oriented toward a combination of greenfield, brownfield and productivity projects. Our M&A targets are primarily focused on core agribusiness origin and crush capabilities. We have also allocated capital towards share repurchases and expect to deploy approximately $1.25 billion through the period. While we plan to repurchase approximately $250 million annually, actual amounts could vary year-to-year depending on M&A opportunities and the amount of dilution for stock-based compensation. Additionally, any proceeds from future divestitures used toward repurchases would be incremental to these expectations. All $3.3 billion of growth investments identified are currently in varying stages of development. While we are confident about the completion of these projects, not all have been formally approved. As such, there is risk that some will not be executed, in which case the capital will be available for other similar projects or additional share repurchases. Moving to Slide 16 and an overview of the types of investments we are pursuing. As we have highlighted in the past, our growth is primarily focused in four strategic areas, strengthening our oilseeds platform, expanding in refined & specialty oils, increasing our participation in renewable feedstocks and expanding in plant-based proteins. These are all areas that align well with our footprint and capabilities. Examples of investments underway include new refineries in Europe and India that are more flexible, efficient and sustainable and the plants they are replacing. As well as soy crush capacity expansions in the U.S. as part of our joint venture with Chevron. Additional projects will be announced at the appropriate stage. Note that our capital allocation process is driven by our strategy and risk-adjusted returns. The percentages shown here are not predetermined targets by strategic area, but rather are based on the mix of our current project list. On Slide 17, you can see the progression of our mid-cycle baseline over time, along with our future expectations. The chart shows that as we increase our base earnings base, we will become less dependent on up-cycle market conditions to generate levels similar to our recent performance. Should recent market conditions continue, we would expect to exceed our mid-cycle baseline as we have in the past. As mentioned earlier, our upside scenario of $12-plus reflects incremental earnings driven by the deployment of available free cash flow towards growth investments in addition to the list of identified projects, as well as incremental share repurchases. For these additional growth CapEx projects, we have assumed earnings contributions ramping from zero to 100% over 4 years after investment. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. What are Bunge's strengths is our culture of continuous improvement. This is not an organization at rest. We're constantly looking to learn from what we've done and have put processes in place to ensure that we share best practices with our colleagues around the world. We're using technology, data and analytics to make it easier to innovate and increase efficiency and importantly, to make it easier for our customers on both ends of the value chain to do business with us. It's this team's focus on making the business better today than it was yesterday that continues to give me the confidence that we're well positioned to succeed, not just in the current environment, for the next few quarters, but well into the future. And with that, we'll turn to Q&A.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Tom Palmer from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Palmer: Good morning. Thanks for the questions and for all the detail in the presentation and the prepared remarks.
Greg Heckman: Good morning.
Tom Palmer: I wanted to start off maybe just by discussing the Agribusiness results this quarter and how we might think about the setup for the balance of the year. Presentation notes an increased 2022 forecast for the segment versus the prior outlook to reflect strong second quarter performance, at the same time, there were some maybe added headwinds that we saw in that segment, just given the 20% dip in merchandising volume, processing profitability, especially on a unit basis dipping a bit versus what we've seen in the last few quarters. So as we think about the second half outlook, should we be looking for a rebound in some of this merchandising volume? Was there anything specific in the quarter that drove that? And then industry crush seems very strong, might we look for a rebound in processing at least sequentially?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Thanks. And no, that's a good setup. The - we feel really good about the quarter. Look, it was a solid quarter. You got to kind of think about our footprint, right? North America, of course, is very, very strong. Brazil performed well. We had Europe, of course, the complexity is around energy. We've still got our footprint in Ukraine, which is basically not running. The complexity in Argentina probably as high as we've seen it. And then China, the COVID lockdowns absolutely killed demand, and it's been a very spot market there. All that being said, thought the team did a fantastic job and probably one of the more volatile quarters that we've seen, which really drove our customers towards the end of the quarter, both the producer not selling any crops, as well as the consumer absolutely stop buying, kind of trying to see where the market would sort of self out. But as we look at the second half, really a pretty interesting setup with the strong oil and meal demand really continuing. And you look at - for the crush margins for the Bunge footprint, we're really about the same place we were when we were together for the Q1 call. But it looks really interesting. If you start in the U.S., you've got smaller South American crops, and we should have good bean availability to support that strong oil and meal demand in North America. Now we need a good U.S. crop, but it looks like we're on the way there. We talked about China, no doubt the curves are challenged there. It's hard to imagine a situation where China could look worse than it has, and we think it will start to recover from COVID. It's been a very spot market, but the team has done a great job managing our footprint there. And I think we don't all want to forget that China has been the driver for the last couple of years in demand around the world, and they will be back at some point. Brazil, we've seen the Q3 curves improve. Even though slower farmer selling impacted Q4, but with China bean imports down, the beans have been available for crush and the meal and oil demand has been good. And then Argentina, of course, complexity there high. The producer really not selling, are very reluctant to protect themselves against devaluation, and we saw margins decline toward the end of the curve - toward the end of the quarter and the curves are weak for the second half. But of course, it does benefit our broader global franchise. And then in the EU, we've seen great oil demand and with less meal out of Argentina and the Black Sea area that's been supportive there to be able to overcome those higher energy costs on the margins. So it's really an interesting setup for the second half. And while the curves don't show it today, we are encouraged with the outlook.
Tom Palmer: Thanks for all that detail. As a follow-up, maybe just on a different topic. On the capital allocation side, it did reduce CapEx outlook. At this point, I don't know if guidance includes share repo, things like that. So I guess just given that longer-term outlook, when do we start to see more of a ramp-up in terms of the expenditure side, be it for repo, M&A or CapEx in general?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. In CapEx, we've called the low end of the range really just driven by some supply chain constraints. It's not shortage of opportunity. It's just a shortage of suppliers right now, but we do expect that to improve. And I think you'll really see a ramp-up next year on the CapEx side. From a share repurchase standpoint, we're gearing up for that. And I think our expectation is we're going to be more active in that area going forward. And then on the M&A side, it really depends on when the opportunities are ready to engage. We've got - we have a list of things we're working on there. Of course, sometimes those things can move quickly. Sometimes they take time, so it's hard to predict. But - but I would expect the balance of this year and certainly over next year for our allocation to ramp up in all three of those areas.
Tom Palmer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Stephen Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrne: Yeah, thank you. Is it reasonable to assume that your outlook for new capacity is primarily on the crush side rather than on the origination? And if so, do you have any particular advantages or technology that will allow you to build a new crush capacity at a lower cost footprint than others? And on the M&A side, if that's primarily focused on origination. Can you comment on geographic regions where you're likely to be focused on expanding your origination footprint?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Let me start as far as the cost to build. Look as the largest global housing crusher, we better be able to build things as competitively as anyone. The other benefit that we get is plugging them into our global system for our origination, as well as the granularity of our marketing and distribution that's set up regionally. And the other thought, as we make these decisions on expanding capacity for the long term, we're very thoughtful about our current footprint and where we want our footprint to be long term to make sure that we've got the lowest cost footprint in place to be competitive in any industry cycle. Around the origination and the M&A, look, we're always have our list together and our priorities in place and when the opportunity is right with the returns, we know where we want to continue to strengthen some of our great franchises, and we know to continue to be relevant to all of our customers at both ends of supply chain. And we've also got some targets where we'd like to be stronger on the origination side. And I'm surprising enough, the Ukraine is one of the areas that we had targeted for growing our origination. And of course, that's not happening now. But long term, we expect to be part of rebuilding that because long term, that's an important origin as well. So we'll look at where the long term the origination is going to be key to feed a growing world and treat [ph] the demand that continues to move up into the right.
John Neppl: Stephen, I might just add there that, when you look at our forward model, we got about 60% of our expected capital focus in the area of strengthening our oilseeds platform. And that's pretty evenly distributed right now between North and South America. And I would say on the North America side, probably more focused on crush capacity, on South America, probably more focused on origination on balance.
Greg Heckman: One other finer point on where you did ask me on origination. I don't know if you've seen, but some of the things we've been doing, you know, a great example in Brazil is strengthen our great franchise down there and some of that through partnerships, minority investors with resellers. And helping them be more effective, but basically giving us a broader reach on our origination down there. So we use a variety of - a variety of ways to do that through partnerships, JVs, as well as outright 100% acquisitions.
Stephen Byrne: Thank you. And do you think the crush margin advantage on soft seed versus soybean is sustainable longer term? And if so, what can you do to invest and increase your exposure on that side?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. And I should have mentioned when I was talking about the second half outlook, right? Softseeds those curves improved since Q1 and you look at North America, we expect that to be real strong due to more seed supply with new crop and good oil demand. And then in the Black Sea, we're seeing lower seed prices and that's supportive of the curves in the second half. And so if you look at those drivers, right, it's around seed supply and it's around strong oil demand. That will continue for the long term. So as we look at changing the footprint, absolutely where it makes more sense to build soft capacity or switch capacity you'll see us do that. And then as you think about cover crops being developed, things like CoverCrest long term, is being thoughtful about where that soft crush is in place to handle some of these crops that are being developed, which will be more of a soft crush probably a technology needed. So absolutely a big part of thinking about the future and whether it's winter canola or what other softseeds to help meet the demand for renewable diesel and biofuels in general, which will continue to grow.
Stephen Byrne: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Greg Heckman: Hey, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask kind of a two-part question about your updated baseline earnings and long-term growth outlook. The first is the decision to delineate between what could be construed as cyclical drivers of your updated assumptions versus characterizing them as structural drivers of an updated assumption? And then the second is sensitivities to this as we move through cycles. And I ask because, well, I don't know that this is explicitly being expressed in the stock price implicit and kind of where the stock is trading relative to this uptake today. You know, it suggests that either we're going to go way below baseline earnings power over the next several years or the market believes that and/or these assumptions associated with your update today or maybe on the more bullish side of the equation. So kind of coming back to the beginning of the question, what do you think now the business looks like in a down cycle? And two, what led you to say, hey, these crush visions are a structural change, not just a cyclical kind of historical average?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Thanks, Ben. Thinking about the mid-cycle, what we – we started with very simply and updating to the 850. The first thing we did was just update the averages. And so the first step was math. And then we looked more closely at what we believe the go-forward margin environment is going to need to be not only to incent the right kind of capacity expansion, but also what we believe is probably a longer-term structural change in the market. And - and that's how we landed on the margin environment, what we believe will be pretty sustainable going forward for the 850. What that also tells us is, as we continue to increase the baseline earnings is that we should have higher highs and higher lows in terms of performance. And so establishing - I'm not going to say a floor because that's - it's really hard to predict. But ultimately, we feel confident that in any given environment, our low should be higher than they were in the past. And then in terms of going forward on the growth side, really thinking about the opportunity, where it can be invested. I think our outlook is that we will focus on those areas that can provide us the best return. And thinking about also the allocation between share repurchases and growth to try to get a balanced portfolio going forward.
John Neppl: Ben, one other thing I'd say is, when we think about it. I mean, if you look at Slide 17, I think and that's why we've called out, look, here's the baseline, and here's how the execution has been based on the market environment that we see out there. Look, we really like the global machine that we've put together here. We like the way our team has continued to work with customers through the complexity created by the supply chain is, whether it's truck or whether it's the way rail is performing in North America, and we're seeing that stickiness with customers for the long term. And so you know, one of our goals is to continue to outperform that baseline through execution because every dollar that we earn above that, we're able to invest more quickly, whether that be in M&A, whether that be in organic growth or in share repurchases, and then that just gives us the ability to move that number forward into the more nearby.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Makes sense. Yeah. It's a great update, and it seems like you'll have a nice step out from here. The second question is more housekeeping. John, the $3.3 billion of CapEx and M&A, what is the start date on that? Is that including this year? Or is that starting in 2023, just to think about kind of the cash flow as we pop [ph] those into buckets over the next few years?
John Neppl: Yeah. That's really starting this year. And I would say a big ramp-up in 2023 and 2024. And when you think about the time line, it's going to be more front-end loaded. We're looking at probably roughly we've modeled it out, 80% of that total spend probably over the next 3 years. But the impact of that from an earnings standpoint is more back-end loaded because a lot of this are - some of it's bolt-on M&A things that we're assuming will get closed earlier. But when you look at the kind of the overall $3.3 billion more of the earnings are going to be back in loaded to 25 and 26 and given the gestation of projects and the amount of time it takes to get them up and running and fully operational.
Ben Bienvenu: Yeah, okay. Thanks very much.
John Neppl: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Hi, yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Morning.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess – hi. So I wanted to come on the long-term kind of capital allocation question maybe in a slightly different way. And you talked about maybe a bit more front-end loaded on the CapEx front over the next couple of years, which makes sense. But as we look at kind of where the balance sheet is today, kind of you're operating well above that kind of baseline earnings level now, and it sounds like you are pretty optimistic about that environment, certainly in the back half of the year and presumably that would persist into '23 based on the way the market sits, that there's excess capital further that's being generated. The balance sheet is quite under levered. So I appreciate in the 26, you gave that $1 plus of upside from additional buyback, additional capital allocation. But what do you think the right leverage kind of associated with that new business model would look like because as I would sit here today, I would think there's probably $3 billion to $4 billion at least of kind of unallocated excess capital to deploy, relative to at least that $11 number over the next 4 years and potentially more based on where the balance sheet sits?
John Neppl: Yeah. No, I think that's right. And here's how we've done it. So the $12 plus - the $1 plus in the out year is really driven by in the model, looking at our available additional capital that's not deployed today. And so you take that and we looked at over time what we - what available capital we would have if we were targeting more of a BBB leverage ratio sort of range. So say, let's say, 2.5 times, and that implies a considerable amount of available capital. But the way we model it out very conservatively is assuming that as we deploy that capital, it's going to ramp up kind of evenly over a 4-year period to get to 100% contribution from those investment. So early on capital being deployed, but not really seeing the benefits. In fact, a lot benefits beyond 2026. So the $1-plus in 2026 becomes a bigger number in later years as that capital is deployed in longer-term projects. But you're absolutely right. We - that was part of that upside potential is taking our available excess, I'll say, capital and deploying that as well. Speaker 7
Greg Heckman: You're correct. The thing that we'll move that forward then would be M&A or share repurchases can make it happen faster.
Adam Samuelson: And maybe just on that point, Greg, as we think about where the stock is now or has been over the course of the past kind of year. How do you - if you think about the cadence of repurchase going forward, should we expect a more ratable cadence? Should we think about you being opportunistic in periods of stock weakness or maybe holding cash and reserve and depending on M&A pipeline? I'm just trying to get a sense of how we should - because again, there's a pretty significant amount of excess capital that you're kind of - at your disposal to deploy? And I'm just trying to think about how we should be layering that in, especially in a moment where your stock does not seem to be reflecting any of this kind of long-term earnings potential?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Adam, I'll take that. So I think going forward, what we would expect to see is a higher frequency of share buyback. I don't know if it's going to be exactly ratable. I think we'll also look at times where we can be opportunistic in buying. And if we divest in something and we have cash proceeds, we'll also look at that as an opportunity. And on the M&A side, certainly, as things happen, we'll let you know that. But I think that our expectation is we want to have a good balance between near-term returning opportunities, which would be M&A bolt-on and share buyback and balance that with longer-term growth initiatives that we have underway today in that project list.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And if I could just squeeze a clarifying question on the guidance because I think in response to your - to the market outlook question, you talked about being kind of seeing kind of upside to the curves and being encouraged kind of about the way the market is being set up. But I want to clear that the 12 plus really just assumes the forward crush curves as they sit today, which you might yet think is conservative. Is that the right – if I am understanding that right?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. That's correct. We're not…
Adam Samuelson: Okay…
Greg Heckman: There's no potential of the curves improving in our outlook. We're just looking at what the curves are currently.
Adam Samuelson: Perfect. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from Ben Theurer from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much. Good morning, Greg. Good morning, John.
Greg Heckman: Morning.
John Neppl: Morning, Ben.
Ben Theurer: So just to wanted to follow up on one segment. We haven't spent some time on today, and that's the Milling business, which obviously was very strong during the quarter. Can you give us an update where you stand right now what you're seeing more short term for the second half? Obviously, you raised the outlook because of the strength was in the first half. And - it was obviously more than triple in the first half compared to last year. [Author ID1: at Fri Jul 29 00:26:00 2022 ] But how should we think about the second half also in light of that you just reiterated basically your outlook for the baseline EPS and that's what you've essentially generated in the six months is what you expect to generate roughly on an annual basis. So just to put that into context, that would be my first question. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yeah. The team did a fantastic job here in the quarter, and I think it's a great example of managing our end-to-end value chain. I mean, if you look at the South American business, the Brazilian wheat milling, we not only feed that origination with Brazilian wheat but with out of [Author ID1: at Fri Jul 29 00:34:00 2022  ]that was out of [Author ID1: at Fri Jul 29 00:34:00 2022 ]Argentina and the way the team handled the value chain there and got our ourselves covered. But then the key is the milling team executed as well, right? We were able to get higher prices, help offset our industrial costs, and we had higher volumes with both the food processing, as well as the food service. So great job by the team. Can't say enough about that. We do expect the second half to kind of fall more in line with history. So I wouldn't expect that setup to repeat again.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Perfect. That's very clear. And then just within the framework and the update, thanks for all the details here. But I was a little surprised to still see you actually increasing even estimates over Sugar & Bioenergy JV. Could you give us an update where you stand on that potential disposal, because I mean, we've talked about it as being non-core, but it's still treated as a relevant piece in it. You have it within your framework. Just to understand how we should think about it conceptually and where it fits in within that framework from summer 2022 back to 2026 and what - where and when we should assume this to be disposed?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Yeah, thanks for that, Ben. We continue to look at that JV as not permanent. We modeled that in because we don't - until there's a deal, we didn't want to assume something like that in our modeling. But I think our expectation would be that any proceeds we get from that will either be - will be used in some combination of M&A growth and share buyback. And so I think whatever we do there should be net neutral to accretive to the model. So we just left it in the way it is.
Ben Theurer: Okay. That makes sense. Perfect, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Steven Haynes from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hi, everyone. And good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to touch on some of the productivity initiatives you were alluding to at the end of the call and some of the - I guess it sounds like you're leaning into some technology. So can you maybe just provide a little bit more color around what some of those investments are and how you can use that to offset some of the inflation that you're seeing? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. I'll start. John can fill in. But I think it's cultural. It's not unlike the financial discipline and the focus on risk management that we use to help our customers both into the supply chain, be successful. It cuts through the business. It's not unlike sustainability, which goes runs all the way through the business. And as we work with our customers, whether it's feed, food or fuel, they want lower carbon intensity products. Now it's about taking digital and a focus on continuous improvement because we're now in a position to do that and to make those investments and whether that's improving our supply chain, making it easier to do business with using you know, the sensing, as well as analytics to drive efficiency into our facilities where we've got tests going where we can now get that - the machine can now outperform our best operator in our plants, and those are things that we'll continue to work forward that will be multiyear improvements that we can work against. So it just becomes part of the thread that runs through the entire company and the culture.
Steven Haynes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from…
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Sorry. Next comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, Greg and John. I wanted to…
Greg Heckman: Hi…
Robert Moskow: Hi. Is there any way to maybe frame the volume increase that this capital deployment might represent either to your processing footprint or origination footprint? It might help kind of give investors another way of looking at why this is a structural growth benefit longer term over the next 4 years, all the capital. Is order of magnitude? Is it like, is it a 10% increase in your footprint? Or is there any way of thinking about it?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. I think it's a little tricky to say right now. The project list we have today is across a number of different things. And I would say a 10% increase in our crush is probably a little high from where it's modeled. But on the origination side, it's not so much about maybe the amount we're originating, but how we're originating it. Certainly, there'll be some addition to origination, but it's getting more direct to the farmer. It's less reliance on other commercials, for example, or finding other ways to - to have a financial relationship with a producer. There's a lot of what we're doing on the origination side. But ultimately, over time, there will be an increase certainly in volume, particularly in North America as we look at the expansion in - with Chevron, for example, that we've announced other projects, potentially we're looking at on - that side with greenfield and brownfield. We've got some debottlenecking in there, which typically is kind of adding, I'll say, low single-digit capacity over time through multiple projects. So,[Author ID1: at Fri Jul 29 00:46:00 2022 ] I don't know if I can say 10% increase globally. But certainly, if we ultimately execute on some of the projects we have on the list, and see other opportunity, it could be in that realm, in that range. I think today, we're looking at something more like a 5% volume increase overall. [Author ID1: at Fri Jul 29 00:57:00 2022 ]
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thanks for that. And maybe a follow-up. Interest expense is a lot higher. I think you've raised it for the year. And I was just curious, you can see the multiyear layout for earnings power growing. But is there a consideration here for - are you going to increase your debt load more because you're under-levered today? And given the rising interest rate is there an offset at all for interest expense being higher longer term?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. And we do have modeled in over time to lever a little - lever to some degree because right now, we're I'd tell you we're under levered certainly. Some - a big part of the increase in interest, there is certainly some from higher debt levels on average year-over-year and higher interest rates. But there's also a component in the where we've borrowed in local currency in other countries where interest rates are high. And that interest has to be reported obviously in interest expense, but the offsetting currency hedges end up in gross margin based on the way GAAP requires us to report it. So you don't get a really fair look at net interest expense on our financials. But I would say half of the increase we've seen year-over-year in interest expense, half that increase is related more to high interest rate loans in local currencies where we've offset it with currency hedges.
Robert Moskow: Perfect…
Greg Heckman: And going forward, that will continue to be part of our strategy going forward if it makes sense, wondered if it makes sense.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Thanks, again.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Kallo from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: All right. Thanks for taking my question. You talked about - a little bit about the renewable diesel market and some push-outs. Maybe could you just elaborate a little bit more on that? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. We continue to see excellent demand from the fuel side. But the majority of our volume is still going to food. So the fuel and renewable diesel demand in North America continues to ramp. Also from an overall, this pullback in price that we've seen globally in palm and vegetable oils in general have really slotted it back into the biofuels rations, which I think is pretty productive and constructive for the mid and long term as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, guys.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: A couple of questions. What creates a disconnect between the curve and what will happen in the future? Is it simply the crop comes in? Or are there things that you're seeing that would improve the environment - besides what the inefficient curve would do at this point?
Greg Heckman: I think as you look at you know, through the second half year, look, North American weather still - still critical, right? In the next two months, the world needs us to develop a good crop here in North America, and we expect that will happen, although kind of under any scenario, you know, corn may end up being a little short of a trend on yield. You've still got the Ukraine situation hanging over the S&Ds and can we get sea line opened to get some of the stocks that are trapped there on wheat and corn and soy into the global markets. And I think under any scenario, we need those in the global market, but I think it will be slow. And we hope it can get opened up, but there's damage to the origination, there's damage in the ports. There's complexity in ensuring those vessels. So that's a big unknown, I think that's hanging out there. And then we've got to get the planning and crop development in South America and see how that plays out for getting the supply side kind of reset. But then if you go to the demand side, probably the one negative would be, if we did have a crop problem an you got a big run-up in prices and that destroyed some demand. Again, don't expect that. I think that's the one flag to watch. But from a demand right now, the meal demand very good. The inclusion rates are very high. Soy [ph] meal is very well priced, not only versus corn, but versus wheat and with the S&Ds, we don't look for that to change. And then if you look at their oil demand, as we just talked very good, as we see the last of the recovery from COVID, we expect China to come back and then oil well priced in the biofuels in general and renewable diesel specifically. And then we talked you know, China overall, we expect to bounce back. So we're seeing the demand, right? The financial markets pulled back and there was a lot of volatility broadly outside of even ag. But in ag, the physical supply and demand remains very tight globally. And I think that's what we're starting to sense and as things have calmed down, the buyers and sellers went away for a little bit why there was market volatility and now they're kind of starting and saying, "okay, wow, things really haven't changed on the physical side, and this looks pretty tight to the second half. And I think that's why we think it's pretty constructive, regardless of what the curves tell us, but the curves are the curves and we'll go from there.
John Neppl: And Ken, I'd just add, customers have been staying in the five and so as you look out to Q4, pretty indicative, given we're much more open in Q4, certainly than Q3 at this point. And it's very hard to get a good gauge on the outlook in the forward curve very far out when all the customers are in the spot because there's just not a lot of liquidity out there. So it doesn't necessarily reflect where we think S&Ds are going to be at that point.
Ken Zaslow: Then my next question is, so if the environment stays at this level, obviously, beyond the curve and into 2023 through that. And then as you go into 2024, you then have the capital spending and the return. So even if you go down to normalize. So is there a scenario or a likely scenario that your earnings will actually stay above $10 almost through this entire period because you're going, quote unquote, be the stronger earnings and then as even kind of abate, you still have all this capital spending. So I get the idea that you may go down to the base. But what's the scenario in which you actually hit your 850 in the next 5 years. I mean, is there really a viable scenario given the capital spending in the operating environment? Or do you state this 10-plus number through 2026. It almost seems like you're creating an environment - you're in an environment that keeps you there? And then even in a base you are actually deploying capital to keep you there even as it goes. Am I not thinking about this right? Or is that incorrect. How do you think about that?
Greg Heckman: Ken, I think you're spot on with how you're thinking about it. When we – we modeled this out. We do expect '23 and '24 to be above baseline in terms of the market environment. And so the assumption we have around crush margins for '23 and '24 still elevated over the long-term average. But as that comes down, and we model the 850 to be sort of this ongoing apples-to-apples baseline, that's when - at the same time, that keep the benefits of all the capital allocation should be taken hold. So we absolutely think that at least given today how we model it out, that we will stay at an elevated level over a time line if that capital is being deployed
Ken Zaslow: Perfect. And then when you think about the - going back to another question that was asked, if you go through that period of time, the cash created is going to be far higher than what you're anticipating unless you're - I mean is that not an also - so you're going to have more cash than you kind of anticipating you're going to deploy that cash somewhere in that period of time as well. Is that also like a cycle, you can't get - you can't get below it $9 or $10, if you keep on deploying cash as you generate more cash and the environment stays strong, like it just seems like a cycle that goes up, not down or am I wrong?
Greg Heckman: No, that's certainly our goal. And I think as you look over time and you think about the excess cash that we would generate, it really depends on how it's deployed. If it's deployed in longer term, I'll say, CapEx-type projects or M&A that takes time to get done. Some of those things may result in some of those earnings being beyond 2026. And so when we model it out, we actually see benefits increasing beyond '26 that shown on the slides. On the other hand, if we overweight towards share buyback, you're going to see a quicker return on it, maybe not as high a high later but you'll certainly see a more immediate return. But overall, I think over that whole time line, we're really looking at building a business just should have higher highs and higher lows. And that's our goal. And ultimately, what would keep us from staying at that elevated level over the next few years as we deploy capital would simply be if the market goes below historical average or the averages that we have built in the model. But we don't see foresee that at this point.
John Neppl: On the primary – its exactly right, Ken, with the second half setup and the momentum that should carry into '23 and our goal is to continue to execute and be able to pull that forward and have the tough decision on how to allocate that capital and where to allocate it.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks, guys.
Greg Heckman: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to CEO, Greg Heckman, for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, everyone. Look, we continue to be proud of the team's commitment and the execution, and we're absolutely confident in what we built here at Bunge. Thanks again for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you again soon.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Limited First Quarter 2022 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. I want to start by thanking our team for their continued dedication and strong execution as we navigate volatile commodity markets that have been further disrupted by the war in Ukraine. The team has done a great job remaining focused on our highest priority, the safety of our employees. We are actively supporting our colleagues and their families to provide what resources we can to help them through this terrible crisis. Last year at this time, we were talking about a different shock to the markets, the impact of COVID. And here we are a year later, and the lingering effects of COVID are still with us. And now we face the interrelated headwinds of continuing supply chain issues, challenging weather patterns that have reduced the production of palm, canola and soy and government policy reactions, while now further complicated by the Ward in Ukraine. These market disruptions are rerouting many traditional trade flows and contributing to crop price inflation. Our team continues to manage through these challenges with great agility and a shared sense of purpose, to connect farmers to consumers, delivering essential commodities and food to communities around the world in a safe and sustainable way. Our ability to improve our day-to-day execution while also delivering on significant growth projects is a credit to the hard work of the team to transform Bunge into a more global integrated company. Working together with a collaborative approach has improved our ability to use our extensive global platform and collective expertise to help customers on both ends of the supply chain, effectively respond to the additional market pressures that have increased their operating risk. Turning to first quarter numbers. We continue to build on our positive momentum, delivering year-over-year earnings growth for the tenth consecutive quarter, with all segments of the business contributing to the strong performance. While we incurred losses in our Black Sea operations, our team effectively responded to the situation when industry margins spiked globally due to the combination of continued strong demand and an even tighter supply outlook. In Refined & Specialty Oils, strong results were largely driven by North America refining. Our team used the optionality of our complete portfolio of oils, our global network and our technical expertise to help customers solve their supply challenges. Results in milling were also higher, with our team having effectively managed the supply chain and input cost volatility. Furthering our strategy, this quarter, we made an important step in our effort to identify opportunities to reduce carbon in our value chains through our recently announced commercial partnership with CoverCress. Expanding the support for this new winter oilseed crop is an ideal way to produce a lower carbon intensity feedstock that can help meet the growing demand for renewable fuels. We believe rotational cover crops can play a key role in our joint venture with Chevron to supply inputs to the renewable fuels industry. Along those same lines, we continue to make progress in simultaneously advancing our commercial and sustainability approach in South America. We've expanded our soy origination network through minority investments in resellers that purchase from smaller farms. This business strategy has also allowed Bunge to accelerate traceability efforts to support our progress toward our commitment to be deforestation-free in 2025. Before handing the call over to John, I want to spend a moment on our outlook for 2022. Back in January, we said we expected to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $9.50 for the full year. Based on what we can see today, we're now expecting to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $11.50 for the full year 2022. As usual, this outlook is based upon our current visibility and the forward curves for the balance of the year. I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through our financial results in detail. And then we'll close with some additional thoughts
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Before I get started, a few additional comments about the situation in Ukraine. We have over 1,000 employees there, and are thankful that as of this date, there have been no reported casualties or injuries among our team. Within the country, we have two oilseed processing facilities, a port, several grain elevators and administrative office in Kiev. As has been previously reported, our port facility sustained damage. However, based on initial visual inspections, the damage does not appear to be significant. Beginning late March, we restarted certain commercial and operational activities, primarily exporting grain via rail and truck. However, these activities have been extremely limited. While the region is an important part of our global footprint, the total value of the assets is about 2% of Bunge's consolidated asset base. Now let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported first quarter earnings per share was $4.48 compared to $5.52 in the first quarter of 2021. Our reported results included a positive mark-to-market timing difference of $0.40 per share and a negative impact of $0.18 per share related to one-time items. Adjusted EPS was $4.26 in the first quarter versus $3.13 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $858 million in the quarter versus $737 million last year, reflecting higher results in all segments. Agribusiness started the year strong. In processing, the U.S., Europe and Brazil reported higher soy crush results, benefiting from improved margins due to strong demand. Those results were partially offset by lower results in softseed crush in Europe and China, which were negatively impacted by tight seed supplies and higher costs. Merchandising had a good quarter. However, results were down compared to a very strong prior year, reflecting lower results in our global grains and financial services operations. In Refined and Specialty Oils, higher results in the quarter were largely driven by improved margins and volumes in North America, which benefited from strong food and fuel demand. And results in the other regions were slightly lower compared to the prior year. In Milling, higher results in the quarter were driven by South America, which benefited from higher milling and upstream origination margins, partially offset by increased industrial costs. Higher margins and volumes in the U.S. also contributed to the improved performance. The decrease in corporate expenses during the quarter was primarily related to the timing of performance-based compensation accruals. The loss and other was related to our Bunge Ventures investment in Benson Hill. Results in our noncore Sugar and Bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by higher ethanol prices. For the quarter, income tax expense was $108 million compared to $192 million for the prior year. The decrease in income tax expense was primarily due to lower unadjusted pretax income, releases of valuation allowances in Europe and Asia, and tax benefits associated with equity compensation payments. Excluding a $47 million one-time expense related to the make whole on the early extinguishment of our 2024 bonds, interest expense was $64 million, down from last year, which primarily due to lower average debt levels. Let's turn to Slide 6, where you can see our positive EPS and EBIT past five years. Not only does this validate the resilience of our global platform, but also demonstrates continuing strong performance by our team to successfully manage numerous transformation initiatives in different market environments over the past three years. As shown on Slide 7, addressable SG&A was relatively flat year-over-year. However, similar to other companies, we too are experiencing inflation, and we are working to mitigate it where we can. After two years of COVID-related impact, we do expect higher addressable SG&A in 2022, reflecting increased travel, investments in our people, process and technology, and in growth initiatives to strengthen our capability to drive future value. While our investments in technology should bring productivity gains over time, we do expect net incremental spending in the near term. Slide 8 details our capital allocation of the nearly $700 million of adjusted funds from operations that we generated in the first quarter. After allocating $49 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental, health and safety, and $8 million of preferred dividends, we had approximately $639 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $74 million in common dividends, invested $56 million in growth and productivity CapEx, leaving approximately $510 million of retained cash flow, which was invested in additional working capital. In March, due to the strong performance of our share price, our 4.875% perpetual preferred share is converted to common shares. This conversion simplified and strengthened our capital structure. Leading up to our May Shareholders Meeting, we will again review our common dividend, giving strong consideration for a higher baseline, the success in strengthening our balance sheet and our improved earnings outlook. With our strong balance sheet and cash flow generation, our credit metrics stand at our target levels of BBB with Fitch and S&P and Baa2 with Moody's, putting us in a position to allocate capital to the best opportunities. And as we have demonstrated in the past, we will continue to maintain a disciplined and balanced approach. As you can see on Slide 9, at the quarter end, readily marketable inventories, or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $2.8 billion, a significant change from a year ago. This reflects the positive trend of our underlying cash flow that's allowed us to invest significantly in inventory with only a small increase in debt. Slide 10 highlights our liquidity position, which remains strong. At quarter end, we had approximately $5 billion of our committed credit facilities unused and available. This provides us ample flexibility to manage our ongoing working capital needs in this volatile commodity price environment. As shown on Slide 11, our trailing 12-month adjusted ROIC was 21%, 14.4 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 14.4% or 8.4 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6%. The spread between these return metrics reflects how we use RMI in our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Slide 12. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.9 billion and a cash flow yield of 20.2%. Please turn to Slide 13 and our 2022 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the current margin environment and forward curves, we've increased our full year 2022 adjusted EPS outlook to at least $11.50 per share, a $2 increase. In Agribusiness, full year results are expected to be higher than our previous outlook, but still forecasted to be down from last year due to lower results in merchandising, which had a particularly strong prior year. While we are not forecasting the same magnitude of margin-enhancing opportunities that we captured in the past year, we do see potential upside to our outlook as strong demand and tight commodity supplies continue. In Refined and Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and higher than last year, driven by strong demand from food and fuel in our North American and European businesses. In Milling, full year results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and significantly higher than last year, primarily due to our better-than-expected first quarter results. In Corporate and Other, results are expected to be favorable compared to last year. Additionally, we now expect the following for 2022: an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 16% to 18%; net interest expense in the range of $250 million to $270 million; capital expenditures in the range of $650 million to $750 million; and depreciation and amortization of approximately $420 million. In non-core, full year results in the Sugar and Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with last year. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. So before turning to Q&A, I just want to offer a few thoughts. I know I've said this many times, but I want to reiterate again how incredibly proud I am of our team. We often say that markets are dynamic, but the past three years have been unlike anything I've experienced in my career. Our team has shown great resiliency, discipline and a strong commitment to helping solve problems for our customers at both ends of the supply chain. As we look ahead, we know that markets will continue to be volatile as questions around the war in Ukraine, the eventual crop production levels, supply chain challenges, government policy reactions and COVID all have yet to be answered. Regardless, I'm confident that our Bunge team is prepared to execute in the face of these and the other challenges that lie ahead. So now let's open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. You may now go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. So Greg, John, I guess my first question, just thinking about the performance in the first quarter and really the last two years, and I know you only introduced this last July, but the $7 baseline, it seems like we're operating pretty dramatically above that level right now. Seemed like the market environment would suggest that can continue for quite some time. And I'm just -- would love to hear you reflect about some of the things that maybe aren't in that, whether the capital allocation related to maybe have the soy crush environment might have some structural tailwinds to it that just -- how you're thinking about that $7 baseline today given the demonstrated performance, balance sheet optionality and the cyclical environment?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Thanks, Adam. Yes. Let's remember, First of all, the $7 baseline was creating an earnings framework. And as we spoke about last time, the environment currently globally, we believe we're going to be well in excess of that for the next couple of years. And I think what we've seen with the tightening supply situation around the world, continued strong demand. And now what's developing in Ukraine and the Black Sea with that being an important supply area, that's really an elongation of that trend. We continue to have well above what was in that earnings framework in crush margins for our soy operation, for our soft operation. We have seen, of course, refining and premiums -- refining premiums improve in -- first in North America on the back of renewable diesel demand, but we also have not seen a drop-off. Here post COVID, we're seeing food demand at five-year levels as well. So, we saw that improve in North America, and that gave us the confidence, as we talked about the -- we expect that to continue for at least a couple of years here. And now with higher energy prices, which is also supportive for biofuels globally, and with what has happened in -- with the war in Ukraine, we're seeing now refining premiums improve in Europe and really globally. So, we're really seeing good participation everywhere. And then of course, the merchandising segment where we talked about it's the hardest to predict, but really seeing benefit across the full chain as we are helping manage this volatility and helping solve problems. I might let John put a finer point on some of the things that aren't in the model around capital.
John Neppl: Yes. Thanks, Greg. Adam, as we've mentioned before, the $7 baseline didn't include any growth CapEx. And so obviously, we've got a pretty robust pipeline of opportunities today in the range of $2 billion of projects that are in the pipeline. Maybe not all those will get done. We'll see. We may identify other opportunities as well. But we're very confident that with prudent capital allocation over the next couple of years, if and when the environment wanes a bit, we will have improved the baseline of this company by investing capital in good projects. So, we certainly feel like at some point here, we'll need to address the $7 baseline and give a better update on what we think what it should be.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's all really helpful. And if I could just follow up on the balance sheet and just -- how do you think about -- in the context of your committed credit capacity, your credit rating, your kind of dry powder today, just seemed like a really -- seems like opportunities will be presenting themselves on the M&A front that might not have been there a couple of years ago, that you're in a position to capitalize on that others might struggle with given liquidity constraints. So just any context on just where you think your capacity and dry powder is today.
John Neppl: Yes. I think we'd be pretty comfortable to say that we've got north of $2 billion of capacity today. And certainly, for the right opportunity, we'd be willing to stretch that in the near term, in the short term. We do feel like we're in a very strong position today with all of our metrics. And our leverage ratio is low, as low as it's been in a very, very long time. And I think we -- probably as importantly, I think we've got the people and the processes in place to manage some pretty significant opportunities.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. You may now go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask a little bit about the outlook. I know you guys have historically guided with what you can see, the curves, not necessarily a sustaining of what we're currently experiencing. But I guess if I think about the environment as we move through the year, what is there on the outlook, just thinking conceptually through things, that you think could potentially either further tighten or loosen the backdrop from where we're now? And if you could rank order those, both in terms of likelihood and magnitude that would be helpful for us to think about.
Greg Heckman: All right. Sure. Let me start. Yes, you're correct, why we always look at the forward curves and what they're telling us in our outlook, rather than try to predict where that will end up. And as we get visibility to that, we've rolled it forward with you. Let's talk about the supply side and weather. Of course, that's going to be real key, as tight as the marketplace is. We need to get this crop in the U.S. here in North America planted. And we need to see good weather. We do need a large crop. So that will be a key indicator of how tight things stay. We'll need to continue to -- within there, also watch the Canadian crop develop. If you remember, Canadian canola was -- and wheat, but primarily canola was impaired by weather last year. And so we're going to be tight there until we get to new crop. And then, of course, the supply chain disruptions caused by the war and the reactions to that is we're kind of redrawing origin destination pairings in the world to be able to continue to serve people. And then on -- the other key on the supply side, of course, is Brazil, the farmers and -- with the crop being trimmed back a little bit by weather on the sale of soybeans. It will continue to see how that develops late in the year from a selling pattern. Of course, FX is always a concern for the farmers. And then we're in a political year, election cycle, and that also tends to keep them a little closer to home. And then Argentina, of course, we're a little tighter because, again, Paraguay and the Argentine crop trim back slightly. So we expect the farmer to continue to be fairly tight there. So, those are kind of the big drivers on the supply side, with the U.S. being probably the biggest magnitude on its own. And then on the demand side, things are extremely tight on oil, mill and wheat, definitely less so for corn. So anything that affects that. And so if we would get a big price in -- price spike due to weather would be any demand destruction. Now we're not seeing any demand destruction of any magnitude to date, but that's one we continue to watch closely. And that would be, I think, the biggest one on the demand side, and then continue to watch the consumers' reaction overall. And then, of course, COVID is the last big wildcard and what that could do to demand. And China is always a huge driver. And of course, that's in the spotlight right now. So, I don't know, John, if there's anything?
John Neppl: I think you covered it pretty well.
Ben Bienvenu: All right. Yes. Very helpful. My second question is revisiting your comment on the U.S. crop. I know it's very early. And I can think back to years where, even in having bad weather, yields were largely un-impacted, 2019 comes to mind. As you look at kind of the key milestones as we move through the summer, what are dates in your mind for moments of visibility? So kind of a plant by date and in prevent plant dates are important, and then kind of monitoring weather once the crop is harvested, thinking about what the ultimate impact to yield is. Just kind of help us think through a critical path through the summer?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think you're correct, right? That over time, as the technology and the seed has gotten better, as farming practices have gotten better and practice around nutrients have all gotten better, it seems like it doesn't mute the yields. There's not the same volatility of yields we saw in the past. And that's a good thing, right? But the first one is watching the weather. And while there's concern, we're not concerned yet. But everyone is watching the weather patterns closely because we've got to get it in the ground and then make sure that how the mix of what gets planted between corn and soy is kind of as predicted or if that changes. And the weather can switch that a little, but not a lot. So we'll watch the planted acres, the dates that it gets in the ground and the crop mix. And then based on when it gets in the ground, then you start looking at the pollination and the weather cycles for that time of year. In watching the pollination, both crops in kind of those key developmental stages that affect yield. And then from there, we'll start watching harvest, right? And again, depending on when it got planted, when it matured, then where the harvesting is and what we believe the weather cycles are and what that does to the percent of harvested acres as well as the quality of the crop that we're bringing in. So, those are kind of the drama that we live every year in each region around the world. And I don't think it will be a lot different this year.
Operator: Our next question will come from Steve Byrne with Bank of America. You may now go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes. I have a couple of questions about the forward strip in soybean oil. It looks to moderate a little bit over this next year, but then stay kind of near $0.70 over the next couple of years. Two questions on that. One being, would you say there's more risk that that strip moves up or down from here? And then secondly, if it's up or even it stays where it's at, do you have any concern about basically the cost compatibility competitiveness of using soybean oil as feedstock for renewable diesel? Is that a concern for all that capacity under construction in your view?
Greg Heckman: Yes. The first I'd say is kind of how I'd say what the market can -- the two biggest factors the market continues to watch and the drivers out there, right, are going to be palm, which has been disappointing on production for the last couple of years. And I think the market believes that now we'll start to see a little bit of a rebound on palm production. I think the market is reflecting that. If that doesn't happen, that would probably be friendly. And right now, there's a number of different scenarios, I think, that people are looking at for when you see the Black Sea come back online or not on the sun oil and at what percent of that sun oil production, which is really important to the global S&D on oils. And I think that's the other big flag to watch closely. And the market is reflecting what people believe today, and that's changing daily. I think as far as competitiveness, I think if you listen to the energy companies and as we continue to watch them put their money where their mouth is with capital and this being a key part of the green transition, of the decarbonization is that we can do this at scale to help part of that transition to a lower carbon future. We don't see any change in the commitment of that. So I believe that we'll continue to be an important part of that transition, vegetable oil and -- as a renewable feedstock as well as developing cover crops and some of the other technology and some of the other changes that will come. And that's why we've got a great partner like Chevron, and we're working end to end try to innovate with them and really understand what changes we'll make in the areas where we're expert in the ag part. What areas -- changes they'll make in the areas where they're expert on the energy part as it continues to move forward. And I'd say the other is, as we said, higher energy cost. I mean they don't only kind of work through everything, including food in that. But higher energy prices look like they are here for the foreseeable future for the next few years. And that also is supported, of course, to what price the renewable feedstock of the venture oils can be. So we're pretty constructive on the setup right now for the next few years. And that's some of the confidence that we've got and feel good about where we've got the Company positioned.
Steve Byrne: And regarding your agreement with CoverCress, have you estimated the benefits to the economics of producing RD from CoverCress-derived oil, presumably the lower CI score would generate more credits? And for your own participation in that, do you intend to maybe get directly involved in directly funding for contract growers to start producing this cover crops starting this fall after the corn harvest?
Greg Heckman: Yes. We're really excited about the partnership with CoverCress and with Chevron and how that pulls together. As we get closer to our plans in the future, we'll begin to roll those out. But yes, I mean, you've hit on the right things. This is a great extra source of revenue for producers when we're able to activate it. And this goes as planned will be a very low CI score and a great -- another great source of feedstock. So, it's one of the things we're excited, why we're invested. It's more work to be done, but it's just one of the exciting things I think is going on in the space. And I think we're going to see a lot of change going forward. And I really like where we're positioned as Bunge to participate in these things and be able to maneuver and react to the changes.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. You may now go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: All right. Greg, could you just talk a little bit about -- I know your guidance assumes what we see in the futures curves. But maybe you could talk about how far out you're able to book with those curves and how far out you've chosen to book with those curves at this point?
Greg Heckman: Yes. As usual, the first 90 days is where the majority of the liquidity is. And then it begins to get less liquid in the second and third quarter as we look out. So, we continue to be prudent about locking in those margins where we believe they need to be and where we believe that they've got some space to run. Those would be the parts that we'll wait to hedge. So, I think overall, if you look at continued strong oil demand and continued strong mill demand, and what we see going forward, even where the curves aren't reflecting it, and some of that as we talked about because uncertainty about when those seeds or beans are going to come to market -- we believe that the market is going to do its work, and it's going to call for that crush to operate. And it's going to have to do that with higher margins. And we're not sure how much or when. So we're looking at the curves and say we're not smarter than the market. But as we get there, we believe this team will capture every dollar that's possible. And as we give visibility into that, we'll still share it.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then I just had a follow-up on the comments before about the excess liquidity. And I think, Greg, you said kind of $2 billion you'd be willing to allocate. I just wanted to connect that with what you thought your GAAP cash flow would be based on the existing -- just take the low end of the full year guidance. Are we done with the working capital builds assuming commodity prices stay where they are? And what amount of cash would you expect to generate? And then when you think about putting an incremental $2 billion to work, what metrics are you thinking about in terms of ratios, that gives you comfort that $2 billion is the right number? And how would you frame it?
John Neppl: Yes. Vincent, this is John. I can take that. Look, we -- in terms of working capital levels, it's obviously going to be driven primarily by price level. And I would say, typically, for us seasonally, Q1 and Q2 are usually the peak depending on which quarter. But quite often, Q2 ends up being our highest quarter. That's driven by volume, but price surely will have an impact on that. And so we'll watch pricing. I think working capital levels today are high historically at a high level. But what we've always found is that in times of high volatility, high prices and high volume, it's when we have the opportunity to make the most money. And so, we've certainly positioned ourselves from a balance sheet perspective to be able to manage through this current environment. So, we feel very good about that no matter what happens over the next several quarters. From a cash flow perspective, we generated nearly $3 billion of EBITDA last year. And just depending on the forecast this year, obviously, 1150 is a little below that, but still expect to generate a good strong amount of cash. And as we look forward on capital allocation, and we talked about a $2 billion pipeline, but we've also got -- we're going to be generating cash as we go as well. So we definitely feel like driving this dry powder number today is driven by what we're comfortable with in terms of our leverage ratio. We're low -- we're just between low end of between 1 and 1.5 on a leverage ratio perspective. And really to maintain a comfort of our rating, we'll go to the high as 2.5. And plus on top of that, the cash flow that we're generating. So we feel pretty good about where we are from a cash flow. We've been lucky to be able to invest that in working capital and not have to increase debt by a material amount. But certainly, as working capital goes down over time, and it will things are cyclical, prices will come down at some point and working capital will go down, you'll see a lot more cash generated back onto the balance sheet.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I may just put one finer point on that. I'd just say, overall, one of the things that we are excited about is we've got the best pipeline of organic projects and the best pipeline of acquisitive targets that we've had put together since we're here at the Company. So, we know what we want to do. We're going to be disciplined about it and be very careful how we execute, but excited to be in this position.
Operator: Our next question will come from Thomas Palmer with JPMorgan. You may now go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Maybe just to kind of circle back on the guidance, and I know there have been a couple of questions about this. I just want to make sure I understand what the $2 boost to your outlook was really for. I mean, is the implication, you came in as it played out stronger in the first quarter the second quarter is off to a strong start. And you're kind of leaving the back half unchanged, even though you've outlined reasons why it could be better than you had assumed previously. Is that right? Or are you also looking at -- in the guidance itself a stronger back half as well?
Greg Heckman: No. You've got it right. We're putting -- we're definitely reflecting what we've seen from performance here in Q1, what we could see in Q2 and then the curves for the back half. Things like if you look at our refining specialty oils business, where we talked earlier, we thought that'd be about 600 for the year and plus or minus 150 a quarter. And that came in around 180 here in the first quarter. And then when we look out forward, we've got the highest bookings on for the balance of the year. So that gives us some visibility and confidence into that. And what's interesting, as I said earlier, the food volumes aren't down, although the fuel customers actually have a higher percentage booked for the balance of the year. The food customers have a higher percentage booked than normal, but they're lagging a little bit. So we expect that business to come and what we can see. So, some of that visibility gives us confidence there. And then what we're seeing around the tightness on the S&Ds and kind of the momentum not only in the crushing side of the business, but in the distribution side. I'd say one thing, as we manage through the conflict and the challenges and we had to redraw the supply lines as we run this business as a global company, the one thing that we haven't lost is our great regional footprints, the amount of capillarity and granularity we have with our origination systems, with our distribution systems, with our knowledge of the S&Ds and our ability to execute. And I think that's a great testament too, even with the losses in the Black Sea area here in Q1 and all the changes that we had to make the performance of Q1 of the Bunge machine and the outlook that we've given.
John Neppl: I would just add to that, Greg. From a crush perspective, in the first half year, we've seen probably better-than-expected crush margins in North America versus our prior forecast. And then they've come down a bit in Asia and South America, especially out in the curve. But that's where the most opportunity will lie as we go forward here. And so when we say at least 11 50, I think our upside if there is some there will be in the forward curves as we progress through the year and also in our merchandising business, where we have a pretty modest forecast in for the year because that one is always a little bit difficult to predict. But certainly, when the opportunity is there, the team does a great job with it.
Thomas Palmer: Thanks for that detail. Appreciate that you're not at this point ready to go into maybe financial details on CoverCrest. But maybe just -- is this a business that you can use your existing crush infrastructure to process? Or are there investments needed? And then just any type of time line, I think this year is kind of its first commercial rollout, if I had seen that correctly. So what's kind of the even rough time line? Are we still a few years out for meaningful contribution?
Greg Heckman: Yes, yes. It's out into the future before any meaningful contribution. But yes, we'd be involved of commercializing it. There would need to be some investment in the plants, but it's incremental.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just add that we've got planned projects in place today that are -- that have been approved and underway to be able to accommodate processing CoverCress at our selected facilities, especially those related to the Chevron JV. So it does take time for farmer adoption, obviously. And we've been very active in working with CoverCress on that, and feel very comfortable with where we're headed, and very optimistic that this is long term is going to be a great addition to the portfolio.
Thomas Palmer: But anything new takes time for adoption and get to scale.
Operator: Our next question will go from Ben Theurer with Barclays. You may now go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. And results. Just two questions. One is a quick one on your increased guidance on the finance cost. That's really just a reflection of that $39 million redemption fee, correct? It's not that you have higher capital needs for the working capital that's been discussed. It's just that fee, correct?
John Neppl: In terms of the higher interest cost?
Ben Theurer: Yes.
John Neppl: Yes. No. Well, I think we're -- we've looked at what we expect for working capital levels for the year. And taking out that cost, it will be driven by working capital being higher. And so that's a little bit why we called it up.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Okay. Perfect. And then my second question, it almost gets by the minute less relevant, but I still want to ask it. I mean, we saw over the last couple of weeks a relatively strong BRL. And obviously, farmers in Brazil are -- tend to be more reluctant selling with a stronger currency. How have you seen over the last couple of weeks some of the impact here on the BRL strength? I mean, obviously, just last two days, it depreciated and might turn around quicker than potentially expected a week ago. But still, how do you feel about the Brazilian farmer selling activity, which just seems to a little behind the curve what they're usually doing? So to understand how we should think about the supply out of Brazil and how that further plays a role within that global supply-demand tightness you've been talking about.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Not sure how much weight to put on real itself. But definitely, the curve reflects the margins aren't as good in the second half with the curves there in Brazil. And that is -- it's a direct concern about the farmer and their rate of selling, the rate of marketing the balance of the crop. And as we said, it's kind of the FX volatility, it's the concern about the election and the beliefs of what -- whether that will be better for them, and of course, a little bit smaller crop. And then they're watching the U.S. crop, right? They always want to see how the U.S. crop develops. We'll probably try to -- it will be too cold, and we'll try to drown it. And then it will be too dry all before we ever get it planted. So that could lead to some market volatility. And I think they've been pretty smart marketers about being patient this time of the year. And it looks like they've got a lot of reasons to do that, including the FX volatility.
John Neppl: I would add to that, Greg, maybe. We spent -- our team in South America have spent a lot of time and effort over the last few years building out -- continuing to build out origination footprint in South America, and in particular in Brazil. So, we're going to get our fair share. When the farmers are ready to sell, we'll be there. And even when they're not ready to sell, we'll be there trying to get them to sell. So, we feel very good about our position down there and that we're going to get equal to or more than our fair share down there.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. You may now go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Two quick ones. I just want to make sure I understand that the comments that you made and also your competitor made about how crush margins need to move higher in order to encourage processors. Can I assume that margins are already high enough in the U.S. in the back half to justify crushing, that really your comments are related to South America and Asia? And then the second question is, can you just remind us the hurdle rate on the $2 billion of projects that you have in the pipeline organically and 10%, 15%, like if we wanted to try to put an EPS number on it?
Greg Heckman: Yes. On the curve, yes, you're correct. We're speaking to the curves in South America and Asia. If you look at that, it says, we're probably going to have to see some improvement if demand stays where it is for oil and mill, which we believe it will. And that's where we think the market will have to do its work and call for that volume. And it's just not clear exactly when and where, but that you're correct on those comments. And then I'll let John take the second one.
John Neppl: Yes. Rob, with respect to hurdle rate, really, we look at -- on large strategic projects, we'll look at something. It's got to be 10% return. And then above that, as they get maybe into, I'll say, areas of the world where it's a little more difficult to do business or they're a little bit further outside the core business itself, we'll raise that hurdle rate higher depending. But I think if you use 10% maybe plus a bit, a small amount, it's probably a good rule of thumb. I think the one thing though I would caution is a lot of these projects are two- to three-year builds. And so, as we look at projects, there's not going to be return as we -- the first couple of years as we are building these facilities, for example. And so, you're really looking at 2025 before we see meaningful contribution from some of these projects.
Rob Moskow: Just a follow-up, John. Is there any way to kind of tease out what percentage of that $2 billion is related to alternative proteins? And are there already -- is there already capital in the ground for that?
John Neppl: We've done some. We've invested in a few opportunities. We talked about Merit earlier. I think sometime last year when we announced that. And we've got a few other investments in JV positions and some existing facilities. But the real big capital projects we have on the slate are still in development. But we talked about somewhere between $500 million and $1 billion over the next few years, if all those get approved. Now, I'm not suggesting all of them are going to get approved. They all have to stand on their own as we take them through the process, but it could be a substantial amount of investment if the opportunities continue to look good.
Rob Moskow: I'm sorry. The $500 million to $1 billion, that's within alternative protein or is that with something else?
John Neppl: That would be within alternative protein.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. You may now go ahead.
Zen Zaslow: My first question is, look, if I think about the Ukraine-Russia issue and obviously devastating and something that you don't want to capitalize on. But how long do you think this will create a void in the global supplies? And what is the process for which that we would recover? And the follow-on to that is, if it extends that long, longer than the year or so, is there extra cash or opportunities where you can actually deploy quicker than you may have anticipated given the unfortunate but true windfall of extra money?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Yes. It's a horrible situation. Our thoughts and prayers continue to go with all the people in the region. And we hope to get a quick resolution. Of course, we have no insight into the outcome. I'll say as far as outcomes, I think even if something -- whatever time line you want to pick, that there could be a resolution, in whatever scenario you have in your resolution, there will be a long tail on this because there is infrastructure that has been damaged. There are seaborne logistics that have to be untangled. There are waters that need to be demined. And all of that has a long tail on it and will be, in our view, a long period of time before you get back to exactly where that was from a production and not only production, but being able to move that production into the markets of demand that need it. So based on that, we are thoughtful about that on the money we're putting to work and how quickly we're putting it to work in our system, right? We're always looking at doing scenario analysis and building contingency plans. And so, no doubt, our strong global platform, and especially South America has got to play -- continue to play a bigger role in helping meet the need to help manage food security globally. And love the connection our South American network to our global network, and we'll continue to make those investments to drive things forward.
Zen Zaslow: In that vein, do you think that the last quarter and the last quarter before that, you said, look, we are going to be well above our algorithm or unicycle numbers for a couple of years -- more years. Does this either extend the duration to which you'll be able to be above that number? And/or does magnitude to which you will be over -- above that, or both? And then I'll leave it there.
John Neppl: Yes, both. So, we think it's -- yes to both. It increases the duration, how long, and we believe it increases the magnitude.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to the management team for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, everyone, for your interest. And we look forward to speaking with you in the future.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day. And welcome to the Bunge Limited Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator. And thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I will let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer, and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann. And good morning, everyone. Turning to the agenda on slide three. I'll start with some highlights of 2021 and accomplishments in the last few years and then share a look into 2022. Then I'll hand it over to John, who will go into more detail on our performance. I'll then share some closing thoughts before opening the line for your questions. Let's start with an overview of the year, turning to slide four. I'm incredibly proud of our team and the outstanding results they achieved in 2021, allowing us to deliver adjusted EPS of $12.93. Our team's performance in a dynamic market environment is evidence that the way we've transformed the business over the last 3 years is creating the collaborative global culture that we believe would maximize the value of the company. When we began this transformation in 2019, one of our first changes was moving from a regional to a global operating model to improve visibility and speed to act. Creating end-to-end value chains enables our team to focus on serving our farmer and consuming customers rather than competing with ourselves. This approach also encourages the sharing of information and best practices, which allows us to work more efficiently and use our resources more effectively. Once we were all pulling in the same direction, the next steps became more clear. Bunge had an industry-leading portfolio with assets in some of the best locations around the globe, but we also had individual assets and businesses that did not fit the company's goal of growing our relevance with customers at both ends of the supply chain. And after a number of divestitures, we now have a footprint that's stronger than ever and a solid base on which to grow. One example is the successful plant-based lipids platform we're building through the combination of Loders Croklaan and the legacy Bunge Oils business. The Loders tropical oils portfolio and innovation capabilities, supported by Bunge's strength in supply chains and seed oils is a proposition that resonates with customers. While the entire oils segment delivered a record year, 2021 was also the best year for the former Loders business. We used the same methodical approach in evaluating how we can improve financial discipline in the organization. We've rewired our systems so we have better visibility to our data, and we used that information in a structured way to make better commercial, risk management and capital decisions. The team also embraced the spirit of continuous improvement throughout our operations. In the past year alone, the team set records in total crush volume, refining performance and port volumes. We had over 100 CapEx projects greater than $1 million each in 2021. And we delivered them safely, with 95% of them on budget and on time. And the team accomplished all of this while doing it the right way: Taking care of each other, and that's especially during COVID. We're also continuing to focus on fighting climate change with carbon-focused decisions - carbon-focused decision-making across our organization. In 2021, we announced science-based targets to achieve absolute reduction in carbon emissions for our own operations and in our supply chains. Our industry-leading commitment to have deforestation-free supply chains in 2025 is a big part of our path to our Scope 3 targets. We also closed on the refinancing of a credit facility tied to sustainability targets. And we're actively engaging with other stakeholders to promote change at scale across the entire supply chain. While we certainly made tremendous progress, we know our work is not done. We'll focus on continuous improvement, finding ways to make Bunge stronger and grow the business as we move forward. Now let's turn to slide five. The team delivered an outstanding Q4 and full year performance across all of Bunge's operations. Results in Agribusiness were driven by strong execution throughout the value chains, with refined and specialty oils posting record Q4 and full year results. Thanks to their efforts, Bunge delivered a positive earnings trend for a ninth consecutive quarter. Before handing the call over to John, I want to spend a moment on our outlook for 2022. We expect favorable market conditions to continue in 2022. Based on what we see in the forward curves, we expect to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $9.50 for the full year, which will be the second highest earnings result in Bunge's history. With that, I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through the financial results in detail, and will then close with some additional thoughts on the year ahead. John?
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide six. Our reported fourth quarter earnings per share was $1.52 compared to $3.74 in the fourth quarter of 2020. Our reported results include a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $0.90 per share and $1.07 per share of impairment charges primarily related to our Mexico wheat milling business which is now classified as held for sale. Adjusted EPS was $3.49 in the fourth quarter versus $3.05 in the prior year. Full year 2021 earnings per share was $13.64 versus $7.71 in 2020. Adjusted full year EPS was $12.93 versus $8.30 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, were $766 million in the fourth quarter versus $636 million last year, reflecting higher results in Agribusiness and Refined and Specialty Oils. Agribusiness completed an outstanding year with another strong quarter. In processing, results were higher in all value chains, with notable strength in North American soy and European softseed crushing, both of which benefited from large crops and strong oil and meal demand. Merchandising had a strong quarter, driven by our global vegetable oil and grain value chains as well as good execution in ocean freight. However, results were slightly lower than a strong prior year. Refined and Specialty Oils finished off a record year with strong fourth quarter results of $154 million, up $42 million compared to last year. Results were primarily driven by improved margins in North America and Europe, which benefited from strong food and fuel demand. Results in South America and Asia were down due to lower margins and volumes. In Milling, lower results in the quarter were driven by Brazil, where higher volume was more than offset by lower margins. Results in North America were higher than last year, driven by improved margins. The increase in corporate expenses during the quarter was primarily driven by performance-based compensation accruals. Other was comparable to last year. Lower results in our non-core Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by lower ethanol volume, which more than offset higher sugar and ethanol prices. For the quarter ended December 31, 2021, GAAP basis income tax expense was $64 million compared to $97 million for the prior year. The decrease in income tax expense was due to lower GAAP pretax earnings. Adjusted for notable items, the effective tax rate for the full year was 16.5%, which was in line with the prior year. Net interest expense of $45 million in the quarter was below last year, primarily due to lower average debt levels. Let's turn to slide seven, where you can see our positive EPS and EBIT trends adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past 5 years. This is an outstanding performance by our team, especially when considering numerous company initiatives and the challenge of navigating through the global pandemic over the past 2 years. Slide eight compares our full year SG&A to the prior year. We achieved underlying addressable SG&A savings of $32 million, of which approximately 65% was related to non-employee costs. Like other companies, we too are experiencing inflation, particularly related to energy and employee costs. We are working to mitigate the impact of inflation where we can. In 2022, we expect higher addressable SG&A versus 2021, reflecting increased travel, investment in our people, processes and technology, and in growth initiatives to strengthen our capabilities to drive future value. Slide nine details our capital allocation of approximately $2 billion of adjusted funds from operations that we generated in 2021. As we highlighted before, our first priority is managing our balance sheet leverage ratios and rating metrics. We enter 2022 with a very strong financial position as a result of our recent credit rating upgrades and our strong full year 2021 performance. Our second priority is sustaining CapEx, where we allocated $226 million towards maintenance, environmental health and safety. These investments will typically run around $275 million per [Technical Difficulty]. Next, we allocated $34 million to preferred dividends, which left us with approximately $1.7 billion of discretionary cash flow available to allocate toward growth and productivity investments and returns to shareholders, which we view on a relatively balanced basis. Of the $1.7 billion, we invested $173 million in growth and productivity CapEx, paid $289 million in common dividends and repurchased $100 million of common shares for a total return to common shareholders of nearly $400 million, leaving approximately $1.1 billion of retained cash flow. With the increased flexibility and borrowing capacity that our balance sheet now provides, we are in a position to comfortably deploy excess cash toward areas that will provide longer term growth benefits, such as, greenfield investments, and toward areas which will have a more immediate impact, such as M&A opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. Slide 10 highlights our 2022 CapEx forecast along with a listing of some key projects. The primary focus is on debottlenecking capacity in both Agribusiness and Refined and Specialty Oils as well as greenfield investments in both segments to enhance our efficiency through more sustainable, modern and flexible capabilities. Our CapEx spend in both 2020 and 2021 was below our previous $450 million baseline level primarily due to COVID-related resource and supply chain constraints. We expect our spend over the next 3 years to be well above our prior baseline levels as a result of these project delays, as well as execution on a robust pipeline of growth and productivity investments. Over time, as returns from our growth investments are realized, we will periodically update our earnings baseline model to reflect the increased earnings capability. Leading up to our May shareholders meeting, we will again review our common dividend, giving strong consideration for our higher baseline, the success in strengthening our balance sheet and our earnings outlook. We also have the entirety of our recently replenished $500 million share repurchase program remaining. This will continue to be a tool for returning capital to shareholders. As we have communicated previously, we will maintain a prudent and stable dividend along with a balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation through the cycle. As you can see on slide 11, at year-end, readily marketable inventories or RMI, exceeded our net debt by approximately $1.7 billion, a significant change from a year ago. This reflects our use of retained cash flow and proceeds from portfolio actions to fund working capital, while reducing debt, strengthening our balance sheet and improving our credit metrics. Please turn to slide 12. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 19.9%, 13.3 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 13.9% or 7.9 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6%. The spread between these metrics reflects how we use RMI in our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Moving to slide 13. For the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.7 billion and a cash flow yield of 21.4%. The decline in cash flow yield from 2020 reflects a growth in discretionary cash flow which was more than offset by the increase in book equity of the company. The moderate year-over-year growth in discretionary cash flow versus EPS growth reflects the impacts of significantly higher undistributed earnings from JVs as well as deferred taxes related to mark-to-market. Please turn to slide 14 and our 2022 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the current margin environment and forward curves, we expect full year 2022 adjusted EPS of at least $9.50 per share. In Agribusiness, full year results are forecasted to be down from a record 2021, primarily due to lower results in merchandising and softseed crushing, which had exceptionally strong year. While we are not forecasting the same magnitude of margin-enhancing opportunities that we captured in the past year, we do see potential upside to our outlook if strong demand and tight commodity supplies continue. In Refined and Specialty Oils, full year results are expected to be up from last year, delivering another record year, driven by strong demand from food and fuel customers in our North American and European businesses. In Milling, full year results are expected to be up from last year, primarily driven by improved market conditions in Brazil. In Corporate and Other, results are expected to be comparable to last year. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2022, an adjusted annual effective tax rate of 19% to 21%, net interest expense in the range of $210 million to $230 million, capital expenditures in the range of $650 million to $750 million and depreciation and amortization of approximately $420 million. In non-core, full year results in our - the Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be in line with last year. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. First, I want to thank our team. Not only have they continued to execute well and deliver for our customers, but they've done so against a volatile backdrop, including the continued impact of the COVID-19 pandemic in a highly dynamic market. The changes we began making 3 years ago have resulted in tangible improvements to our business and our earnings potential. We're excited about the additional opportunities we see to continue to grow the company while we do our part to lower carbon emission and encourage best practices across the entire supply chain. Beyond our continued work to capture the upside we see in our core oilseeds processing and origination business, we've also increased our capabilities and focus on three additional areas of growth, capitalizing on the increasing demand for renewable feedstocks, for plant-based lipids or specialty fats and oils and plant-based food proteins. With our global platform, our culture of innovation and oilseeds leadership, I believe we're especially well positioned to benefit from the long-term secular growth we're seeing in these areas. We're confident the investments we're making today will set us up for continued growth in the years ahead. And with that, we'll open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: So I want to ask a two part question about guidance. First as it relates to the earnings guidance and then second as it relates to the CapEx commentary you provided. So on the $9.50 in earnings, or at least $9.50 of earnings for this year, I know your inclination is to be conservative, historically. I'm asking the question from the context of looking at, as you said, the curves from here and perhaps what they looked like during the fourth quarter, it seems like the first quarter or even the first half should be pretty strong for 2022. And so the inference is that maybe the outlook for the back half of next year is a bit more draconian. Is that conservatism? Is there anything that underpins that beyond the commentary that you provided? Because it seems a little bit antithetical to just the sustained strong environment and kind of the tight S&D that exists in the value chain.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Let me start here. John, you can follow on if I miss something here. So yes, I think a little bit like - when we sat here a year ago, we're definitely telling you what we can see going forward. Now you're right, we're carrying some good momentum in from Q4. The team did a fantastic job of executing there and carrying that momentum into Q1. While we don't see Q1 being quite as strong as last year, which was really extraordinary, we are off to a very good start. And as far as the calendarization, I mean, Ben, it's kind of funny. When we look at it, it's generally a stronger second half for our business when you look at it historically. And when we roll the forecast of what we can see now and looking at the forward curves, on our outlook, the balance is roughly the same as it was the same time last year. So I guess the one thing that you can count on is that I think we've got the right global network, and we've absolutely got the team that can execute. And if the opportunity is here, we'll deliver more. And we'll give you that view a quarter at a time as it rolls out.
Ben Bienvenu: Yes. Okay. That's fair enough and understood. The second part to the guidance question is related to CapEx. So you're spending substantially more growth CapEx over the next several years. You outlaid some of those projects that you intend to put long-lived capital on the ground for. I'm just thinking about kind of two things. One, the actual ability to deploy all of that capital beyond the projects you've stated over the next several years, just because it seems like you all will have so much discretionary cash flow that you'll generate. And then two, if I go back to your $7 of baseline earnings, if you guys deploy all of this discretionary growth capital into the business, that you're targeted returns versus your WACC, it just - it seems like that number should continue to grind up pretty meaningfully. And so I'm wondering how we should think about the evolution of that baseline earnings number as we go through the next several years. And that's all I have. Thanks so much.
John Neppl: You bet. Yes. So Ben, as we look forward, and I think we can expect CapEx of, as I - we said, $650 million to $750 million this year. And I think we'll see a higher number in 2023 and 2024. But a lot of that is a long-term greenfield projects. And so we probably aren't going to see the big impact and the big impact on our numbers until probably 2025 and beyond given the pipeline that we have today and the major projects that we're investing in. We are excited about those projects. We also recognize that there's going to be potential opportunity to deploy capital in the near term as well, and that's important. We want to balance between long-term growth opportunity that will certainly impact our baseline over time, and in near-term opportunities. And so we'll look at shorter term projects, whether it's bolt-ons or debottlenecking projects that we have underway, things like that. As well as looking at, if we don't have good returning immediate projects or things on the M&A front, we'll look at returning capital to shareholders in the near term as well because we recognize that it's important to balance between the long-term and near term opportunities and returns. But over time, certainly, we'll be updating the baseline as it makes sense. And we believe that 3 or 4 years down the road, if we do our job, it should be very positive to the baseline.
Operator: The next question comes from Thomas Palmer from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Palmer: Good morning. And thanks for the question. Maybe I could follow up, first off, on Ben's question on CapEx. Is the elevated run rate over the next 3 years, is that mainly that these projects you've highlighted that are greenfield are going to be multi-year projects, and that's why their benefits are deferred to 2025? Or is kind of the list you outlined in the presentation, mainly the list for kind of 2021 maybe into '23, and then there's a second layer of greenfield projects to come?
John Neppl: Yes. Those are really projects that have - that are either already underway or in the final stages of approval. But you can think about it that this next year, here in 2022, probably about 30% of our CapEx spend will be on those large multiyear projects. But that will go to about 50% to 60% of our spend in '23 and '24, but it's the same projects. These are 3 year builds. And so there's three to four major projects that make up a bulk of that spend.
Thomas Palmer: Okay. Thank you for that. And then I just wanted to ask on the Refined and Specialty Oils outlook. In North America cash markets, we have seen a narrower price spread between refined and crude oils, down from mid-2021 highs. Just hoping for some clarity on what would drive segment profit higher year-over-year. Were cash markets just not a good indicator of your margin capture last year? Are you expecting refined crude oil to widen, given the supply, demand environment? Just hoping for some clarity on the key driver there. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Yes. It's the timing of customer bookings. So when we came into last year, we had a lot of the book already on with our food customers for the majority of the year. And we didn't start to see the benefit of those higher refining premiums until later in the year and as we saw some of the refined - or some of the renewable diesel demand start to come on. Now as we're coming into this year, of course, majority of that business has all been done at the higher refining overages. And so that's - we had that visibility, and that's why we have the confidence in that call for this year.
Thomas Palmer: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Byrne from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Steve Byrne: Yes, thank you. I'm interested to hear your view on the likelihood that the US develops 5 billion gallons of renewable diesel capacity in the next few years. And if so, where do you think the feedstock comes from? And will that be a benefit to you? Or is there a potential detriment to you if that leads to less exports.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Definitely a benefit. And it's a number of ways. So one, we like the fact that we're basic in all the oils and that we've got a global platform. So as we see this shift, and I think it's going to take kind of everything to supply that industry and the demand that is coming from that industry. So everything from - we'll see the US go from being an exporter to an importer of vegetable oils. We will see expansion in capacity. We'll probably see technology around the percent of oil in the seed. You'll see cover crops be developed that will add to another supply of oil and even higher capacity utilization of the crushing footprint. And you'll probably continue to see a mix on what's applied on soy versus soft oils. So the one thing - the market is sending the signals and the market will do its work here with innovation and with investment. So we think we're right in the bull's eye of that. We've got - our portfolio is focused on oilseed crushing and the origination and marketing of the products to support that. So we think we're in a great position for that, and it's also one of the reasons that we're in the process of the JV with Chevron, is to have a great partner with visibility now from the farmer to the end fuel consumer. So where we make those investments and how we develop, we think we're as well positioned as anyone.
Steve Byrne: And you've made a comment just now about seeds with higher oil content. Would you be interested in investing in that technology? Essentially going upstream into crop genetics so that you could have some ownership over that technology. It could be higher oil content. It could be also the plant-based proteins and the specialty lipids you talked about. The question really is, would you want to invest upstream to have more ownership there?
Greg Heckman: Look, we continue to work with our partners in the supply chain. And that can take on a number of different relationships, from providing our expertise and partnering, to joint venturing, to us making direct investments. So that will be what we believe the return profile looks like versus our other alternatives on a risk-adjusted basis.
Steve Byrne: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Morning.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess, first, as we think about how you're looking at 2022, can we maybe take - just give a little bit more color around the oilseed crushing environment? And what - how you see soy and softseed crush playing out in your key regions, certainly in the first half, where I imagine you've got a little bit more visibility in. I guess, specifically how some of the weather issues in South America right now are playing into that outlook, both positively or negatively.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Definitely very, very good environment right now. We saw the - if you look at it from an overall, we'll expect year-over-year structural margins to be better in soy. We had a real strong Q4 in the US. And of course, we're carrying that into '22. We've seen the weather make the South American crops a little bit smaller. And the US had a big crop and will need another big crop. But with strong oil and meal demand, the curves, of course, are telling us that they're strong now. They'll get a little softer before a new crop, and then new crop gets stronger again. So the US looks very constructive. China continues to be volatile, but we'll see lower wheat feeding this year versus last year. Margins are okay on the front end. And the customers over there are generally pretty spot. So that's pretty normal. We're enjoying very good margins in Brazil right now. And the question will be about the second half and how the farmer responds to smaller crops. And then, of course, we're in an election year, which always - if we get some FX volatility, we'll be watching that closely and how the farmer performs. And then Argentina, again, the weather impacted the crop a little bit. And then Argentina, of course, is affected by the fact that Paraguay, the crop is down about 50%, which feeds in there. And that will keep farmer retention probably pretty high in Argentina. But you remember, that generally is pretty good for our global system with that scenario. And then the EU is kind of feeds off the US, if you will. You've got strong oil and then reduced the amount of Argentine soybean meal going in there. And so you've got higher energy costs in Europe is one of the things. But that's priced in or is being reflected as we flex the rest of our global system. But overall, we'll see better year-over-year structural margins, and see how it plays out. But our core - the fundamentals are good, and our current outlook is what we can see forward.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's all very helpful. And then I guess a follow-up on capital allocation. And obviously, there's been a lot of good work done on the balance sheet over the last couple of years. You're stepping up growth investments on the CapEx side. You alluded to re-evaluating kind of the dividend payout ahead of the annual meeting in May. Can you help us think about kind of how do you think about your balance sheet capacity? Obviously, the net leverage now on an EBIT - or net debt-to-EBITDA basis, at least, would seem to be pretty low for your business. How do you think about your balance sheet capacity today to deploy opportunistically into M&A versus cash return? Just trying to think about how much cash we could really be thinking about deploying here.
John Neppl: Yes. I think we look at our balance sheet at the end of the year, we probably have $1.5 billion or so of additional debt capacity available today. Just given kind of where we see 2022 progressing and our credit metrics, I think we feel pretty good to stay within - to stay well within our kind of our target metrics. On top of that, of course, we expect to generate strong cash flow again in 2022. So I think we feel very confident that the CapEx forecast that we have in still leaves us some dry powder for opportunities. Whether that ends up something on the M&A front or we allocate more to returning to shareholders or additional debottlenecking and nearer term returning projects, I think everything is on the table. And I think we feel like we're in a very good position to deploy that capital. We don't plan to just sit there and pile up cash, so - but we're going to be prudent about where we spend it and make sure that we hold ourselves to the same standard we have over the last few years in terms of where we allocate it.
Greg Heckman: I might add on one quick comment. I think the thing - it is one of the things we're proud of with the changes we've made here. I think before, we had to kind of talk about whether we were going to do this or this. And I think what feels good is that, with the earnings profile that we've got and what we've done with the balance sheet, that really it's more of an And situation now for us. And we feel we can pull all levers, and we are thoughtful about the tenor of those different things and the impact that they can have on earnings. So whether it's the stock repurchases or increasing the dividend or more near term. Of course, the CapEx we're spending on debottlenecking and productivity can come in quicker. Bolt-on M&A that doesn't have any regulatory complications can be quicker. And then of course more transformational M&A has a little longer tail as it has to go through regulatory. And then somewhere in between there, there's brownfields. And then the longest of course are the greenfields that John was talking about. But I think what's exciting is being in a position to be able to do kind of all of those and pull of the levers and being thoughtful about the returns on those and which ones have the greatest long-term earnings impact in our growth.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. Can I ask just a very quick follow-up then? Given that balance sheet capacity, and this is again a high quality problem, just make sure we're clear, just no share repurchases in the fourth quarter? Just how we think about kind of the timing and phasing of that, just given how much dry powder you seem to have.
John Neppl: Yes. We don't - we're not going to predict when we'll do share repurchases. But I would say the key is we'll have the ability to do it. And I think even with a lot of the growth projects that we have in the pipeline and the other things we're assessing that aren't even in the - what I'd call in the pipeline yet, it's still going to be an option for us. And I think we will continue to do, like we always do, is look at it very hard every quarter. I don't necessarily look at it from, oh, we got to do something this quarter from a calendar standpoint. It's when we think it makes sense, and - but it will continue to be, as Greg pointed out, an important part of our allocation here going forward.
Adam Samuelson: All right. I appreciate all that color. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steve Haynes: Hey, this is Steve Haynes for Vincent. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to ask a question around SG&A. I think there was a comment about being up year-on-year. Can you just kind of remind us what level of cost savings, I guess, were baked into the baseline kind of cadence for this year, and if that's kind of changed at all as it relates to the $9.50 of EPS?
John Neppl: Yes. The - we don't expect a substantial increase in SG&A next year. We're -- we've been around the $1.2 billion level in total the last couple of years, after a number of years of cutting costs. I think we're looking at somewhere less than $100 million of total increase across the business and probably half that. And it's going to be primarily in inflation and things like that, but all it's been baked into the $9.50 forecast. So we will, of course, manage it as best we can. But in some areas of the world, it's -- inflation is a real thing and we're not immune to it, unfortunately. But I think we feel pretty good that we can absorb that inside our $9.50 - at least $9.50 call.
Steve Haynes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Kallo from Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: Thanks for taking my questions. Thanks for all the detail. Just on - going back to M&A. Could you just talk about what you're seeing in current valuations, and if that has you kind of backing away from some deals or not? And then you talked about - you mentioned - you called out plant-based food proteins, a question we get quite a bit. Just talk about the investment being made there. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Valuation always matters. So as John says, we don't have any hot money. We'll be thoughtful and we'll do the deals that make sense for Bunge for the long term. On the protein side, that continues to be what we see as an organic build. Any of the M&A that's been done on the plant protein side is very, very high multiples. And we think where we create the most value there is working with our customers who we're already working with on the plant lipid side on the specialty fats and oils as part of those products and working with them and organically building our portfolio on the plant protein side. That's how we'll create the most value. We'll be thoughtful and methodical about it.
John Neppl: I would just add, Greg, that if you - as you look at the pipeline of projects on the plant lipids and protein side, we've got projects identified in that pipeline of about $850 million over the next 3 years. So we definitely find that an important area, and we will be investing meaningful dollars into that space.
Ben Kallo: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. A couple of questions. I might have missed it, Greg. But when you went down the list of how things are going in the crush environment regionally and by seed, I didn't quite get where the weakness is or the tough comps are on softseeds. So can you be a little more specific as to what region you're referring to in your guidance for being -- for having a tough comp? And then just to follow-up on the CapEx guide. I mean, is it possible to just take this incremental CapEx in our numbers and say, hey, I'll put a mid-teens return on that spend, and then assume that it's highly incremental, so that in 2025, that adds to the earnings base? And is that - that's just basic math, but is that how you do your planning as well? Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Thanks. Thanks, Rob. Yes, you caught me there. I only talked to soy. I didn't talk to softseeds, so let me talk to that real quick. Of course, with the - in North America, with the canola crop 35% lower this year, that will be a tough comp until we get the new crop in. So that will be challenged, which will make - globally, I think softseeds will be a little bit challenged on the canola side. We do continue to have strong oil demand, which is helpful, but we'll need that new crop in the second half of the year. And then in Europe, we've had record sun crops. We continue to monitor the Ukrainian situation. But the farm economics are definitely good for everyone, and that should mean big crops. I think we'll see acres planted, and net-net, that should be positive. But year-over-year, soft will be down.
John Neppl: And Rob, as I - yes, as I mentioned on the CapEx side, the big jump we do see is in 2025. But as those projects come online, and most of them are going to come online in early 2025 or in that range, you usually have about a year of commissioning and working the bugs out. So the real benefits of run rate will be closer to beginning in 2026. But you're right how to think about it. I mean, the kind of mid-teens return overall in the portfolio between the big growth projects, and what I'll call the smaller debottlenecking and productivity projects, in total, that's probably a fair assessment. With a little bit of lag in just from the standpoint of the first year or so, it takes time to get those things up and running as efficiently as they will in the long run.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up. Your merchandising results, really, really strong in 2021, and you're citing a tough comp in '22. Can you point to like decisions that you made in '21 that drove the outperformance? More evidence that the -- your new global management team is working? And then maybe - and explain like why you wouldn't say, hey, that's repeatable in 2022, what makes it unique?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think, one, you're right. The system that we've got is definitely more resilient than it's been in the past. Those are the hardest margins, I think, to forecast, and they'll depend on the environment. And we're definitely starting at higher flat prices this year than a year ago, so just kind of a slightly different environment. Even if you look from the freight markets, you had a disruption last year with the hurricane in North America that created some challenges and opportunities. And just some of those things that - in those kind of full chain margins through the distribution and merchandising business that are just more difficult to forecast. But really like the way the team executed last year, and I feel that the opportunities are there. We'll get them.
John Neppl: Yes, I'd just say, Rob, the comment we made regarding if we see some tightness in supply and disruption, it should give us some upside. That really is going to show itself on the merchandising side of the business.
Robert Moskow: Got it. Thank you.
John Neppl: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, guys. A couple of questions. One is, we haven't had many years in which the South American margin actually has been this strong, particularly in Brazil. So when you're thinking about the year, are you incorporating that type of strength? Are you waiting for it to kind of really kind of elongate to make sure that's the real thing? And are you in a position to be able to capitalize it with the - by securing the soybeans? Just how you're thinking about that. Because it's a somewhat of a new phenomenon that I don't remember seeing for quite some years.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think we say the fundamentals are good overall. That's definitely what we're looking at here with the start that we're getting. Now the curves are reflecting some of the fact that the weather has taken the top off the crop a little bit. Of course, hurt it in Paraguay, took the top off a little bit in Brazil. And then we'll continue to watch how Argentina develops. It was hurt a little bit, but it looks like that's stabilized. So we've got to see how that out and how the farmer responds. And I think we talked about in Brazil, of course, you add in the fact that you've got an election and that may create a situation with the FX volatility and the farmer may be a little more reluctant to sell. But we'll see how that plays out, but we do like how the fundamentals look overall. We like the optionality that exists in this big global network, and that we've seen we're able to take care of the opportunities when there is dislocation and as things develop.
Ken Zaslow: Sorry. But it's not fully included just because you're kind of more on a wait and see? Have you secured soybeans on it for it?
Greg Heckman: Yes. You would be correct. We're more on a wait and see, and that's consistent with where we stood a year ago at this time and kind of how we talk to each quarter, it's what we can see in those.
Ken Zaslow: So it would be another opportunity of upside to the numbers. You mentioned a couple of things throughout the call, that there is reasons for upside if things develop the way they are. And I know you take a wisely thoughtful approach rather than just going all in. But is that a fair way of thinking about it? And then I have a second question.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Absolutely. Very fair. And probably the last nine quarters might prove that out.
Ken Zaslow: And then other - just I hate to ask you a short-term question, it's just everybody has asked such good questions. But the quarter-over-quarter in the first quarter, it looks like things are setting up a little bit stronger year-over-year. Is that a fair way of looking at it? And then I'll leave it there. And I really appreciate your time.
Greg Heckman: You bet. Thanks, Ken. But no. Q1 was really extraordinary last year and why we're off to a very good start here in January and carried momentum out of Q4. We currently don't see Q1 being as strong as last year.
Ken Zaslow: Thank you, guys, very much.
Greg Heckman: You bet. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Bunge for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much. I'd like to thank everyone for their interest. And I just overall like to wrap up. I couldn't be more proud of the team for the execution. And it really feels good to be in this position, focused on growth and having the capacity to really pull all the levers. And so look forward to talking to you in the future. Thank you very much.
Operator: Conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Release and Conference call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I’d now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator and thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I’d like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge’s Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. Turning to the agenda on Slide 3, I’ll start with some highlights of the third quarter and how we are thinking about the remainder of the year before handing it over to John, who will go into more detail on our performance. I will then share some closing thoughts before opening the line for your questions. Let’s start with an overview of the quarter, turning to Slide 4. I want to begin by thanking our team for an exceptionally strong quarter. Their ability to remain focused on execution helped us deliver our eighth consecutive quarter of earnings growth. In the second half of 2021, we have seen a shift in the challenges created by the COVID operating environment. We have moved away from having to adjust to the fluctuations that came from lockdowns like the change in demand from foodservice to food processors. Instead, we are adapting to an environment that is driven by an uneven global recovery. This dynamic demand is driving increases in commodity and energy prices and creating many supply chain challenges. Our team has remained agile and I am proud of how we have navigated this market shift. We also responded well to unforeseen disruptions, like the great work our team did managing the impact from Hurricane Ida in North America. We also continue to set high watermarks across a number of our key operating metrics. We have done this all while continuing to prioritize the safety of our team, their families and communities as COVID remains with us. In addition to solid operational execution, our positioning and approach to risk management allowed us to capture opportunities quickly when the market conditions changed. This was especially true as crush margins improved over the late summer when oilseed prices dropped and oil values expanded due to tightening supply. The strength of our global platform and footprint continue to provide benefits. In the face of broad logistical disruptions, our integrated value chains and owned ports have helped us to continue supporting customers at both ends of the supply chain. This quarter and our results over the last 1.5 years have shown the power of our global network and operating model. Looking ahead, we continue to see a dynamic set of factors and we are more confident than ever in our ability to react and manage well to capture market opportunities. As part of our work to continue positioning Bunge for the structural shift we are seeing in the consumer demand for sustainable fuel, in September, we announced our proposed joint venture with Chevron. As a key step, we will increase production of renewable feedstocks by nearly doubling the combined capacity of 2 soy crush facilities that will be contributed to the JV. Chevron recognizes our expertise in oilseed processing and farmer relationships as well as our commitment to sustainable agriculture. And we recognize Chevron’s expertise in refining and distribution. Partnering with a global leader in energy is a significant step forward in building the capability to make change at scale to help reduce carbon in our own and our customers’ value chains. This partnership will establish a reliable supply from farmer to Chevron’s downstream production and distribution to the in-fuel consumer. It also allows us to better serve our farmer customers by accessing demand in the growing renewable fuel sector. It will also enable us to pursue new growth opportunities together in lower carbon intensity feedstocks as well as consider feedstock pretreatment investments. In addition to the Chevron JV transaction, we announced an agreement to sell our wheat mills in Mexico to Grupo Treemax. As part of continuously looking for ways to improve our portfolio, we concluded the business was not in line with our long-term strategic goals and we are pleased with the outcome of selling to a well-respected wheat miller. We expect the sale to be completed in 2022. Turning to our segment performance, results in Agribusiness were driven by strong execution and better than expected market environment. In processing, we benefited from higher margins in soy and soft crush in the Northern Hemisphere. Merchandising results were better than expected and very strong compared to prior year. Results in Refined & Specialty Oils improved in all regions, with particular strength in North America, driven by strong demand from foodservice and renewable diesel. We are also seeing continuous improvement in our innovation pipeline, enabling us to launch exciting new products to the market. I would like to congratulate our team for their efforts to help customers with creative solutions. This innovation capability as well as our skill at solving supply chain issues, have helped create a step change in many long-term customer collaborations and commitments. Our team is also making measurable progress, improving sustainability across our operations and investments. Following the launch of the Bunge sustainable partnership in Brazil earlier this year, we have already improved the visibility into our indirect supply in high-priority regions to approximately 50% and that’s exceeding our 2021 target of 35%. And while we still have work to do, having this insight into our supply chain will help us meet our industry leading non-deforestation commitment. And finally, regarding our non-core businesses, I want to callout the role our sugar JV has had in our year-over-year improvement. We are pleased that this business has been performing well in a challenging weather market. Additionally, Bunge Ventures had a successful quarter as a result of the Benson Hill IPO and John will give you more details on the impact of that investment in the quarter. We also repurchased $100 million in shares and our Board authorized a new $500 million repurchase program, demonstrating our confidence in the business. This reflects our balanced approach to capital allocation, where the return of capital to shareholders is always evaluated along with other investment opportunities. And before handing the call over to John, I wanted to note that we have increased our outlook for 2021, reflecting our strong third quarter results and continued favorable market trends. For the full year, we now expect to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $11.50 and we expect the strong momentum to carryover into 2022. So with that, I will turn the call over to John to walk through our financial results in more details.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. Let’s turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported third quarter earnings per share, was $4.28 compared to $1.84 in the third quarter of 2020. Our reported results included a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $0.22 per share and a $0.78 per share gain on the sale of our U.S. interior grain elevators, which closed back in early July. Adjusted EPS was $3.72 in the third quarter versus $2.47 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT were $698 million in the quarter versus $580 million last year, reflecting higher results in Agribusiness and Refined & Specialty Oils. In processing, higher results in North America, European soft seeds and our Asian and European destination soy value chains all benefited from improved margins. These were partially offset by lower results in South America, where margins were down from a strong prior year. In merchandising, improved performance was primarily driven by higher results in ocean freight due to strong execution and our global vegetable oil value chain, which benefited from increased margins. In Refined & Specialty Oils, the strong performance in the quarter was primarily driven by higher margins and volumes in North American refining, which continued to benefit from the recovery in foodservice and increased demand from the renewable diesel sector. Higher margins in Europe, largely driven by favorable product mix, also contributed to the improved performance. Results in South America and Asia were slightly higher than last year. In milling, lower results in the quarter were driven by Brazil, where higher volume and lower unit costs were more than offset by lower margins. Results in North America were comparable with last year. The increase in corporate expenses during the quarter was primarily related to performance-based compensation accruals. The gain in other was primarily related to our Bunge Ventures investment in Benson Hill, which went public during the quarter. Improved results for our non-core sugar and bio-energy joint venture were primarily driven by higher prices and sales volumes of ethanol and sugar. For the quarter, GAAP basis income tax expense was $92 million compared to $38 million for the prior year. The increase in income tax expense was due to higher pre-tax income. Net interest expense of $38 million was below last year, resulting from higher interest income related to the resolution of an historical value-added tax matter. Let’s turn to Slide 6. Here, you can see our continued positive EPS and EBIT trend adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past four fiscal years, along with the most recent trailing 12-month period. This is an exceptional performance, and I echo Greg’s appreciation of the amazing execution by our global team. Slide 7 compares our year-to-date SG&A to the prior year. We achieved underlying addressable SG&A savings of $25 million, of which approximately 75% was related to indirect costs. Looking ahead, we are monitoring cost inflation globally and we will be working hard to offset this impact where we can while still making the necessary investments in our people, processes and technology. Moving to Slide 8, for the most recent trailing 12-month period, our cash generation, excluding notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, were strong with approximately $1.9 billion of adjusted funds from operations. This cash flow generation was well in excess of our cash obligations over the past 12 months, allowing us to continue to strengthen our balance sheet. Turning to Slide 9, during the quarter, we received two credit rating upgrades. Moody’s raised us to Baa2 and Fitch upgraded us BBB, both with stable outlooks. This now puts us at our target rating of BBB and Baa2 with all three rating agencies. The chart on this slide details our year-to-date capital allocation of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $137 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental, health and safety, and $25 million to preferred dividends, we had approximately $1.1 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $215 million in common dividends, invested $102 million in growth and productivity CapEx, and repurchased $100 million of common shares, leaving approximately $725 million of retained cash flow. Our pace of CapEx spend this quarter was below our expectations due to supply chain-related delays, which we don’t see improving by year end. As a result, we are reducing our 2021 CapEx forecast by about $100 million and we will be rolling over these projects into next year. In addition, we have a nice pipeline of growth and productivity investments that are under consideration, which will likely lead to a higher than baseline spend for the next couple of years. We will provide more details on our outlook during our Q4 earnings call in February. The $100 million of share repurchases in the quarter completed our $500 million authorization. As Greg mentioned earlier, Bunge’s Board has authorized a new $500 million program. Earlier this year, we increased our quarterly common dividend by 5%. In May of next year, we will again review our dividend with consideration for the recent increase in our earnings baseline from $5 to $7 per share and the success in strengthening our balance sheet. So, as we have been demonstrating, we will continue to take a balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation. As you can see on Slide 10, by quarter end, readily marketable inventories exceeded our net debt by approximately $1.1 billion, a significant change from a year ago. Please turn to Slide 11. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 19.4%, 12.8 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 13.7%, 7.7 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6% and well above our previously stated target of 9%. The spread between these metrics reflects how we use RMI and our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Moving to Slide 12, for the trailing 12 months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.6 billion and a cash flow yield of 21.6%. The decline in cash flow yield from the prior year reflects a growth in book equity of the company. Please turn to Slide 13 and our 2021 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account our strong third quarter results and favorable market trends, we have increased our full year adjusted EPS from $8.50 to $11.50. Our outlook is based on the following expectations. In Agribusiness, results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and now forecasted to be higher than last year. In Refined & Specialty Oils, results are expected to be up from our previous outlook and well above last year. We continue to expect results in milling to be generally in line with last year. Excluding Bunge Ventures, corporate and other is expected to be lower than last year driven by higher performance based compensation, a portion of which was historically allocated to the segments. Additionally, the company now expects the following for 2021: an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 15% to 17%; net interest expense in the range of $200 million to $210 million; capital expenditures in the range of $350 million to $400 million; and depreciation and amortization of approximately $420 million. In non-core, full year results in the Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are now expected to be up considerably from the prior year. With that, I will turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. As John and I noted, we expect a strong close to 2021 driven by Agribusiness and Refined & Specialty Oils. Looking ahead, we expect favorable market conditions to continue and we are confident in our ability to capture the upside from opportunities while minimizing the downside. Based on what we can see right now, we would expect EPS to be well above our baseline for the next couple of years, driven by higher than baseline assumptions for Refined & Specialty Oils and softseed crushing. And we will continue to deploy cash we generate to create value by investing in growth projects with strong returns and returning capital to shareholders. In closing, we are very pleased with our team’s strong performance and our revised outlook. In today’s environment, we are right where we need to be, a key participant in the global food and agricultural network. We are excited about our role in the accelerating shift in demand for sustainable food, feed and fuel and the growth we have ahead of us. We will now open the line for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Thank you very much and good morning, Greg, John. Congrats on the very strong results and thanks for beating and raising again the guidance.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, Ben.
Ben Theurer: Well done. Now, in light of your closing remarks, a question related to that, so you basically said that you think this is – you are going to be able to be above baseline for the next couple of years. And I think the importance here lies on the years like multiple years. Now, what’s driving that sustainable lasting better environment versus what you saw when you in, first place, put out your expectation just in summer of last year? You didn’t raise it this summer. So, what has changed since then within the underlying fundamentals to really put you in that situation that you now can say that you expect it to last above that level for the next couple of years? And then with that cash flow you’re all generating, do you think you can accelerate some of the investments? And by the way, I appreciate very much that you also think of shareholders, returning them cash. But what opportunities do you see in the market? Where do you still want to invest in to maybe be in a position to even further increase what you just did to the baseline EPS?
Greg Heckman: Okay. A lot there, Ben. But yes, let me start by just a quick reminder. Remember, that was an earnings framework. And when we first put it out right, early in the turnaround and we were right at the front end of COVID. So once we had a good understanding of kind of how the environment was improving, our new operating model, how that was working, then we updated that framework, so as you just referenced. So what we’ve now reflected – remember, the framework is an ability to look at kind of average margins on the soy crush, the soft crush as well as our specialty and edible oils business. So what we see coming in the next couple of years, as we talked about, so one, we continue to see the focus and the talent of this team to continue to operate. We see the stronger demand from refined fuel. I think we see the long-term kind of the lack of capital that has been invested in this industry. And we see that the Refined & Specialty Oils, we expect that run rate that we see here in Q3 based on the demand from foodservice and refining to carry through 2022. So we think that roughly $150 million a quarter is a pretty good run rate, maybe a little less, a little more each quarter, but we think that, that will be a pretty good ratable for 2022. So that, of course, will be above that baseline earnings. And then with the demand as well around renewable diesel and refined fuels overall, continued support for softseed crushing kind of driven by the oil side of that. And so we expect those to be above our baseline earnings as well. And then as far as the speed of growth, I mean, we are absolutely focused as the transformation is done. We’ve turned the resources to focus on the growth. We will continue to do the organic things, right, a number of debottlenecking projects already underway. And we – the timing of doing growth is at the right time when the numbers are right and that allows – we let the numbers drive the investment. But we’ve got the balance sheet now where it needs to be. And I think we’ve shown that we can execute. And so we’ve earned that right to grow. And with the – with kind of the changing landscape between – as you think about the growth, right, we continue to grow our leading global crushing business and, of course, the origination and distribution that supports that as well as our other associated grain processing businesses to serve the producer. We’ve got our specialty and refined oils business really hitting on all cylinders right now and position and looking not only through organic growth, but where we have some opportunity for bolt-on acquisitions. And then, of course, the trend in plant proteins is right in the sweet spot of not only supporting growth in our plant lipids business, but in our developing plant protein business. And that will be a multiyear build, but absolutely excited about that trend that’s in place. And then, of course, on the renewable fuels and renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel and the changes that are happening there. So just there is a lot of levers to pull for growth. And so we can be very thoughtful and as I said, let the numbers drive our decisions.
John Neppl: Yes. And Ben, as you pointed out, the $7 baseline is our footprint as of today or as of when we put it together a few months ago. And as we grow, as we have an opportunity to invest in good projects and the landscape changes, we will continually update that. Well, I should say, on a periodic basis as material things change.
Ben Theurer: Okay, perfect. I will leave it here. Thanks again and congrats.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Luke Washer with Bank of America. Please, go ahead.
Luke Washer: Hi, good morning and congrats on good results. Obviously, a great quarter, looking at your guide for the full year, obviously, it’s a low-end number at $11.50, but clearly, pretty big jump here from $8.50 to $11.50. But the implied guide for 4Q is closer to $2, which is obviously on EPS, which is obviously much lower than 3Q and much lower than 4Q of last year. And I know that this is a floor, but as we think about the fourth quarter, you have crush margins that are good. You have elevation margins that are good. The outlook looks very strong. So is there anything in the fourth quarter that would temper your expectations? And how is the visibility looking in the fourth quarter?
Greg Heckman: Well, part of it is the timing, right? I mean part of the performance here in Q3 was the timing of what we did have open on crush. People definitely not extended out as far. And we crush – last time we were together, crush margins were definitely depressed. And as we saw that rally, we were able to benefit from that this quarter, but we were also hedging Q4 then as people are going out farther on the curve. So we definitely caught part of this last move, but not all of it as we’ve hedged Q4 out. And we like the momentum and where that’s carrying into Q1. And we can see that, and that’s why we feel good about getting off to a very good start here in 2022.
Luke Washer: Great. And then as you think about baseline, I know you set the new baseline of 7 only a quarter ago, but it feels like maybe even 3Q beat your expectations. Is there any change in the way that you’re looking at the outlook structurally, whether it’s part of your business or the industry more broadly? Or is it so things pretty much the same as when you set that baseline.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think the way we look at the framework is the same. I think what we’ve seen change are the continued strength from the recovery of COVID around Refined & Specialty Oils from the foodservice side, what we’ve seen with the continued demand being added from the renewable diesel sector, what it’s going to take here in multi years to do the work to build some of the supply that’s going to be needed. And just the overall operating environment, has become clear and made it confident for us to look out and say, look, above where the baseline model is, Refined & Specialty Oils are going to outperform that. Softseed crush is going to outperform that, because that framework is built around averages. So some of it’s our ability to continue to execute in a really tough environment, right? It’s – we’re suffering from the same challenges around labor and wages and energy inflation and the back end of COVID here. So the confidence in the team to stay focused and really drive the big earnings engine here while we’re continuing to work on the growth opportunities. So it’s definitely environment externally, but internally, it’s also as we continue to get reps here with our eighth straight quarter of improved results.
John Neppl: And I think, Luke, it’s important that the $7 was never intended to be a forecast or what we felt like the necessarily the earnings power would be of the company in any given environment. It was based on, as Greg called it a framework, based on average historical, what we kind of call mid-cycle margin structure the company should be able to hit $7 a share. But obviously, in the environment we’re in today, we’re performing substantially above that because a lot of the assumptions we made in that model, we’re exceeding those today. And as well as we go forward and have an opportunity to invest some of this excess cash flow, we hope to be able to update that model over time to a higher number.
Luke Washer: Sounds good. And maybe I can sneak in just one more on your investment in Benson Hill. Are you guys – what’s your relationship with Benson Hill? Do you plan to get involved? Are you guys working together? How is that relationship?
Greg Heckman: Well, it’s really like all the investments we do in our Bunge Ventures, I mean we kind of use that as an innovation platform as a knowledge building platform where we’re looking at things that could enhance our stickiness with how we work with customers that could lower our costs. It could be new technologies to enhance our business, or frankly, it could be new technologies that could be a threat to our business. And so we make investments based on the company themselves and how it fits with the knowledge that we want to continue to earn, whether we do business, that’s a separate decision. That’s at armed length, whether we have a commercial relationship depending on the products and services that, that company does. And so some of our Bunge Ventures portfolio companies, we do business with because it makes sense and some are pure investments. We do do a little bit of business with Benson Hill.
Luke Washer: Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan. Please, go ahead.
Tom Simonitsch: Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: Firstly, a clarification, when you say $150 million per quarter is a fair run rate for refinery specialty or for next year, can you clarify how that compares to your baseline?
John Neppl: Yes. It’s – I don’t have the exact number in front of me on the baseline, but it’s considerably above what we had in the $7 baseline, driven really by the refining margins in that business and what we’re seeing. When we assumed it on the baseline, it’s probably closer to maybe $100 million a quarter. So you’re looking at probably at least a couple of hundred million difference between the $7 baseline and where we are today.
Tom Simonitsch: That’s very helpful. Thank you. And maybe could you provide some more color around what you’re seeing in your milling business? What needs to happen for that segment to grow beyond this year?
Greg Heckman: Well, we continue to make investments in our corn milling business here in the U.S. to serve customers, and in South America as well. We started another mill back up here last year and continue to make investments there. But it’s really working with customers. It’s where we’ve got the connection to our supply chain network, where we’ve got crossover with customers with our specialty and refined oils business and where we think we’ve got the scale to be relevant to customers in the connection to have an edge to win long-term. So you’ll see us leverage around our strengths.
Tom Simonitsch: Thank you. I will pass it on.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please, go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Good morning. So, maybe following up on Tom’s question and thinking about how your – the discrete areas where you’re seeing upside to that baseline framework, I think you called out the softseed side, softseed crush as well. Think back in July, the baseline assumption had been about $50 a ton of kind of gross margin in that on the 10 million tons that – or so that you do for softseed. How have you framed the upside to that from the market environment looking forward?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think we – what we’ve looked at, we called the refined out because that one is a little more ratable and it’s the big moving number as I know you guys are trying to think about in 2022. We’re carrying good momentum in Q1 in both soft and soy. We can see that and then, of course, not as much visibility out to the balance of the year. But just kind of when we look at the S&Ds around the soft and what we expect, we expect that to perform above baseline. We didn’t really quantify it, but we’re definitely comfortable that it will contribute above baseline. So that’s why we wanted to call it out as well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And can I just ask on the distinction in terms of softseed and nut the soy crush is there mean clearly, the vegetable oil demand broadly, that whole complex is tight as is very robust. Is there more concern about the demand on protein that wouldn’t lead you to be incrementally constructive on soybean pressure? Or is it simply just lack of visibility beyond the first quarter?
Greg Heckman: No, it’s just lack of visibility. I think from the macros, we’re fairly constructive with what we’re carrying into Q1. And then we will see how things develop and how things develop in crops in the second half, definitely looks like we’re probably going to have build some stocks in oil seeds, and that should actually be good from an environment. But a lot’s got to happen yet on getting things planned and seeing weather develop and so on.
Adam Samuelson: Got it. And if I could just squeeze another one in and just given some of the inflation that you’re seeing across the environment, it seems like things were handled quite well through the third quarter. But how should we think about rises in energy prices, logistics, labor, just the impact in the business and particularly energy and thinking about Europe, given some of the issues there, specifically.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Energy, we think about as another input, right, just like oilseeds, it’s one of the costs into COGS. And so it’s part of the risk management as we’re trying to manage the risk in our assets. We’ve definitely seen, I think, more kind of violent moves in those as we’ve seen. Normally, those are part of what goes into the crush margin as we’re pricing. And so those will get passed along. Of course, when you see moves like we’ve seen here, sometimes depending on the region, it may take a little longer to get those passed along. But the other thing we have is with the global footprint, then we will pull back crush if margins get squeezed by the energies. We will pull crush back in that region, and we can run harder in another region. So again, that’s one of the things about the global network that’s very helpful. So it’s just another one of those things around another dislocation and disruption that we have to manage.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just say, Adam, on the wages side, I mean, like everybody else, we’re subject to wage inflation, not only in the U.S., but globally. But I think we feel like if we can maintain a position as being a low-cost producer in the industry, as others struggle, we should come out on top. And so we’re obviously managing that as effectively as we can. But availability labors are primary concern, especially in an environment we’re in right now, margin environment. We will continue to manage that first and then the inflation will pass along what we can and continue to focus on being a low-cost operator.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, the color is really helpful. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please, go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And let me reiterate congratulations on the quarter and results, gentlemen.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Vincent Andrews: Could I just ask, has anything changed about – since you guys came in, have you – how has your sort of risk parameters evolved now that you’re a couple of years in, and eight great quarters in a row and better operating environment. Are you taking bigger swings at anything? Or is it still the same? Or has something changed about the philosophy?
Greg Heckman: Absolutely not. One of the things about our philosophy, we said all along, right, is to manage the risk appropriate for the earnings power of the company and the environment that we operate within. And that is as our risk teams and our commercial teams work hand in glove, assessing the dynamic environments that we’re in and looking at the earnings at risk out in the forwards of our assets. And as we’ve said, those earnings are just at risk until we can book the oil seeds and book the energy and sell the oil and sell the meal in our crushing or the same hedging, the inputs and outsets in our grain processing or in our distribution assets. So I think what – the big thing that’s changed is we’re operating as One Bunge and we are using our information as one company to execute better for our customers. We’re using our global network to flex in a time where dislocation has kind of become the norm with almost less globalization and more regionalization. And quite frankly, there is still a lot of embedded optionality in tens of thousands of customers and millions of tons of physical flows and the liquidity in those physical flows for us to manage the risk for ourselves and our customers. And it exists when you act like one big global company and you run that business in a very disciplined way.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And you mentioned, obviously, that South America is planning now and they will have whatever crop they wind up having. But I think I heard you say that there will probably be some build in oilseeds inventory, which is obviously a logical assumption. But I also thought I heard you said that would be good for you, or did you say good for the environment, or just how are you thinking about sort of how next year could play out in the scenario where, let’s say, Brazil and Argentina have a very large crop?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes, it looks like bean planning is off to a record start down in Brazil. I think we are getting close to 50% planted. And we are seeing, I think right now, estimates are expected for there to be bigger soy crops in the U.S., Argentina and Brazil. And I would say in the strong demand environment we have got, right, you have got palm continuing to have problems on the supply side and just globally oils, not only from the renewable diesel and renewable fuels demand side, but now with palm a little bit of a supply. So, oil continues to remain strong. We continue to see what we expect to be some growth in meal demand next year. So, that is a more favorable operating environment. Now as I said, the crops have got to get grown and the weather has got to show up and how the farmer markets and everything has to develop. But net-net feels pretty good. I think that’s why even though we are not calling out all the specifics is why we say we feel that we can be well above the earnings framework here for the next couple of years.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. So, just to follow-up on that, so even in that environment, you believe that there would be strong enough margins and enough sort of dislocation still in the market that you could be above that $7 figure?
Greg Heckman: Absolutely.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
John Neppl: Thanks Vincent.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hi. Thanks. Good morning everybody.
John Neppl: Good morning Ben.
Greg Heckman: Good morning Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to revisit this discussion around capital allocation and just to hear your thoughts around whether or not there has been any consideration around whether you could raise your ROIC goals. Obviously, you steadily raised your baseline earnings power framework scenario that you think about characterizing the company with. When you think about what progress you have made at Bunge over the last 2 years and you think about the underlying earnings power of the business, does it make sense to raise that threshold for ROIC? And when you look at the pipeline of potential opportunities, is there a robust set of opportunities, organic or inorganic that exceed that ROIC threshold?
Greg Heckman: Let me start and I will hand over to John. The one thing is that the main – about the only time we talk about that threshold on ROIC is quarterly with you all because we have the teams focused on competing for working capital based on how their returns on competing for risk capital based on how their return on invested capital and how their AROIC, where we are looking at how effective we are in working capital. So, we are constantly driving to get the best return possible, not kind of just jump over the hurdle. We needed that framework when we were talking to investors. But frankly, we are driving and competing against always trying to improve the lowest returning internally and to grow the businesses that are the highest returning.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben. I would just say that certainly, with where we have been able to get to in terms of our ROIC and our adjusted ROIC metric, which we think is an important way also to measure the business. There is no doubt that I think we feel like we are at a different plateau today as we go forward here and look at our opportunities, we have got – we feel like a pretty good pipeline of opportunities. And certainly, our goal will be to raise that 9% to something north of that. And I think if I remember back even a year and 1.5 years ago, Greg made a point that once we get to 9%, we will raise it well above 9%. And certainly, I think we have got enough momentum in the business, improvement of the operating model and I think some attractive investment opportunities that we should be able to raise that as we head into next year and take a look at our plan for next year and what we believe we can do, we will come back on that.
Ben Bienvenu: Yes. Okay. That’s great. Thank you. Secondly, the sugar and bioenergy business, I know it’s noncore. It’s performing considerably better than we have seen over the last couple of years. I know that you were in a higher-priced sugar and ethanol environment, currencies more in your favor than it’s been over the last few years. I assume that hasn’t changed, any considerations you have around how relevant that business is in your portfolio? And what do you think the appetite is in the markets to make some of the strategic decision with that business?
Greg Heckman: First, it has not changed our view long-term on that. I mean our plan is to still exit the business. We are certainly happy with the current performance. It makes it a lot easier to hold it until we find the right buyer. But we are actively in that process. And it takes time, obviously, to get the right counterparties and the right structure. But we are actively looking at it today and our goal would be to get that done as soon as we can. But at the same time, we want to balance speed with value. But certainly, I think we think that, that business is worth a lot more today than it was a year or 2 years ago. And so we are optimistic that we will get something done.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. Thanks and best of luck.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Hi, Just some kind of macro questions. Do you do any work internally to try to figure out how far along China is in rebuilding its pig herd after African swine fever and how that’s influencing their exports or imports of soy? And then I had a second question about soy planting intentions. With energy costs as high as they are, would that result in more crop rotation into soy away from corn next year? And if so, does that make a difference to you or not? Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Thanks, Rob. On China, we have definitely seen they are in the late stages of rebuilding that herd and you have seen those margins come off and a little bit of herd reduction in the places where they have really built too fast as they kind of outpace their demand. We haven’t seen any major impact from AFS impact continue. So, of course that will have some effect, we believe that will have some effect on their imports of meat, no doubt. So, that continues to develop. I am sorry, second part of the question?
Rob Moskow: The energy.
Greg Heckman: Yes, the energy – the higher energy prices in total actually are supportive for demand for renewable fuels. And it looks like, I think we are in a situation here for a while where we believe there will be higher crude and higher energy prices here for a few years as we kind of work through the transition, a lower carbon energy footprint. And we do think that, that will be net friendly. And as far as the corn versus soy acres, yes, there is no doubt that the market is sending the signal on oil seeds, but I think it’s more than just corn versus soy. We will have to watch wheat as well and the other oilseeds to kind of see the fight for acres. And that one hasn’t played out yet, but that will be a real interesting point here over the next few years as the market is sending the signals for us to build some additional capacity and additional acres and/or production per acre to serve the demand.
Rob Moskow: And maybe I will sneak one more in then. Have you done any tracking of global capacity for soy crush, because you are not the only one that’s increasing capacity right now for renewable fuels. Any sense as to what that’s done to global crush capacity so far this year?
Greg Heckman: Yes. So, as we think about global crush capacity, a couple of things. One, of course, we are always watching it closely. And I think if you remember all the way back, maybe Investor Day, and we talked about we need some additional global crush capacity, right, whether it’s a weather problem, a government problem. Now we have seen an energy problem curtailing some run time in China in that to get that balance right. I think what’s interesting this year when we saw Argentina run harder through the first half than they did prior year, and margins stayed good globally. And I think that tells us something as well – and then as they didn’t run as hard later in Q3, and then we saw global margins then rebound again. So, there is – we are definitely – we are tracking all the projects that are announced, and then we will actually track all the projects that actually get built. We don’t think they will be exactly the same. And look with what it takes to permit and order projects and order equipment and get the labor in place, that extra crush coming in or watch, it’s out there 2.5 years, 3 years before it starts making a real difference. We are – we continue to look at where we are going to put our expansions. And of course, we announced the expansion we are going to have will be on the water, and that allows us to not only serve the domestic market with meal, but to be able to export to get to the world market. And so as we make expansions in our own footprint, we want to be very, very thoughtful about as energy goes through this transition in the next 10 years to 15 years, which they feel renewable feedstocks are a big part of, that we also have the right lowest cost footprint for the long-term. And so that’s why we continue to be very thoughtful about the long-lived assets that we put in the ground.
John Neppl: And I think, Rob, one other thing relative to the Chevron JV, for example, there have been other JVs announced. A lot of those are greenfield builds. They are going to take a number of years before they are operational, whereas because we are taking two existing plants and put in the joint venture, we are going to be up and running immediately with Chevron. So, we are pretty excited about that. Of course, the expansion that we have talked about will come over time, but certainly we are going to be able to hit the ground running with them.
Rob Moskow: Great. Thanks for the color.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning guys.
John Neppl: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow: When I think about refined oil, it seems like both you and your competitor have done joint ventures with the refiners, right? So, it almost seems like pretreatment may not be coming down the pipe for all this renewable diesel. So, refined oil margins may stay longer than maybe we initially expected. Can you make a comment on how you are thinking the refined oil margins might actually – the duration of them?
Greg Heckman: Well, we feel comfortable enough that we have now called them all the way through ‘22 above our baseline. So, that is we are pretty confident because we are a little maybe conservative on how far we like to reach out with projections. And look, it will be – the industry will be making those decisions, right. Our industry, on how we are serving the renewable diesel industry and the renewable diesel industry making the trade-offs on, can they make a return on investment on pretreatment, and is pretreatment best built at refining, at renewable diesel production or somewhere else to gather other low CI feedstocks. And so, the one thing, this is developing very quickly. And that’s one of the things we are so excited about our relationship with Chevron. This is a JV. This is a platform that we are starting, and we are using the combined knowledge of two global industry leaders where we have got the philosophy of leveraging each other’s strengths. We are not trying to do Chevron’s expertise. They are not trying to do ours, but we are trying to bring that together everywhere from looking at the economics and understanding how the feedstocks work in the refinery, understanding what we can do with the producer around regenerative ag in the supply chain, developing other low CI feedstocks and thinking about long-term how we grow together to meet those needs and take advantage of those opportunities. So, I think the relationship and the way that we have formed that with Chevron is a little unique to some of the others in the industry. And we think it’s powerful. And we are excited about the opportunities that that’s going to generate.
Ken Zaslow: But it’s fair to say the slowdown in the pretreatment creation probably should extend the refined oil margins for longer? Is that at least the fair statement?
Greg Heckman: No, absolutely. It’s a direct trade-off to using the refining capacity in the oilseed crushing industry.
Ken Zaslow: And then I wanted to just – I know we have talked about this a little bit with the cash deployment. I would be honest, I am not that clear. So, help me out here. The – so pieces of it is that there is a lot of projects that are in the pipeline for 2022. And then beyond that, there is opportunities that you will be able to deploy cash more externally. Can you talk about, one, the projects that – and again, you are not going to give me exact projects, but how much cash do you think you can deploy over the next couple of years for internal – and I am assuming we could assume a 15% or so return on that? And then the other part is how quickly do you want to deploy the cash for external opportunities? And then I will leave it there, and I appreciate your time.
John Neppl: Yes. Ken, this is John. I think it’s pretty conceivable that we will probably – so our baseline CapEx historically has been, call it, $400 million to $450 million. The last 2 years, cumulatively, will be about $200 million below that run rate, cumulative because of the under-spend in the last couple of years. I think we will see that amount probably assuming supply chains loosen up next year, and we can get the equipment we need and the labor we could conceivably see something in the $600 million to $700 million range, I think easily in CapEx over the next couple of years. A lot of that is projects that we have got in the pipeline that we are analyzing. Not going to say we are going to do all of them, but it’s everything from continued debottlenecking. We have got a couple of greenfields. And then of course, we have got a couple of projects we have already announced that are going to take time and will be part of that number. And then ultimately, we are always going to be looking at the M&A side and any opportunity there might be there. And I think we feel more confident today that we have a right to be a consolidator in the industry if the opportunity comes given what we have been able to do. So, we are going to look at all facets of it, but I think what we can control, we are going to certainly focus on very good projects organically. And again, as I said before, we have a good pipeline of things, everything from debottlenecking greenfields and things like that, that were some underway and some we are still assessing.
Ken Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks.
Greg Heckman: Thanks again for joining us today, and thanks for your interest in Bunge. I want to thank the team again for continued incredible execution in what continues to be a very dynamic environment, and it just continues to demonstrate the strength of Bunge. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Everybody, have a great day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our second quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. I would like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes Forward-Looking Statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge’s Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning everyone. So turning to the agenda on Slide 3. I will start with some highlights of the second quarter before handing it over to John, who will go into more detail on our performance. I will then share some closing thoughts on how we are thinking about the remainder of the year before opening the line for your questions. Let’s start with an overview of the quarter, turning to Slide 4. I want to start by thanking the team for great execution in a highly volatile quarter. We are very pleased with how we have managed our operations as well as our earnings at risk with the appropriate level of discipline. We also helped our customers navigate and manage through the volatility of this quarter that came from weather issues, domestic and international supply chain challenges and other complexities in the current environment. Turning now to our segment performance. Results in Agribusiness were down versus a very strong quarter last year, but exceeded our expectations as the team effectively managed trade flows and capacity utilization. We set quarterly and year-to-date records in soy crush volume, capacity utilization and lower unplanned downtime. Additionally, we reduced power consumption to an all-time low in our European rapeseed crush operations. While we faced complexities in the quarter related to freight, transportation and other areas that affected many other companies and industries, our results clearly demonstrate that with our commercial and industrial teams working closely together, we have built resilient supply chains that allow us to be successful through a range of macro environments. Results in refined and specialty oils improved in most regions, with particular strength in North America. In the U.S., we saw food service demand come back stronger and faster than anticipated, and we are experiencing a greater impact from renewable diesel demand than we expected. In response to the higher demand for refined and specialty oils, we have been working to find greater efficiencies to increase supply. We have also worked with our food customers to help them manage their risk as well as reformulate products where it makes sense. The multiple drivers behind the strength in edible oils gives us confidence there are significant growth opportunities ahead of us. I also want to highlight that this was a strong quarter for our non-core sugar JV. As we have noted in the past, we continue to assess our strategic options regarding this business, but we are very pleased with the improvement over the last year. Taking into account our year-to-date results and based on what we can see now in the forward curves, we are increasing our outlook for the year and expect to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $8. 50 for the full-year 2021. Despite the global volatility, we have confidence in our ability to deliver in the back half of the year. Based on the business already committed, the crush outlook and the demand for refined and specialty oils. As we look ahead, we are confident that the performance of our operating model and market trends provide support for a higher mid-cycle earnings. So in our June 2020 business update, we outlined our earnings baseline of $5 per share. With the changes we have made in our business as well as the fundamental shifts in the marketplace, we are taking that baseline EPS up to $7, and that is a $2 increase. And consistent with last time, this reflects our existing portfolio only and does not include any future growth investments. I will now hand the call over to John to walk through the financial results, the 2021 outlook and additional detail on the updated earnings baseline. I will then close with additional thoughts on some of the trends we are seeing.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. Let’s turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported second quarter earnings per share was $2.37 compared to $3.47 in the second quarter of 2020. Our reported results included a negative mark-to-market timing difference of $0.24 per share. Adjusted EPS was $2.61 in the second quarter versus $1.88 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT was $550 million in the quarter versus $564 million last year, reflecting lower results in Agribusiness partially offset by improved performances in refined specialty oils and milling. In processing, higher results in North America and Argentina were more than offset by lower results in Europe and to a greater extent in Brazil, which reflected a decreased contribution from soybean origination due to an accelerated pace of farmer selling last year. In merchandising, improved performance was primarily driven by higher results in ocean freight due to strong execution and positioning in our global corn and wheat value chains, which benefited from increased volumes and margins. In Refined Specialty Oils, the outstanding performance in the quarter was largely driven by higher margins and record capacity utilization in North American refining, which benefited from strong food service demand and increased demand from the growing renewable diesel sector. Improved results in South America were due to the combination of higher margins and lower costs, more than offsetting lower volumes. Europe benefited from increased volumes and margins from higher capacity utilization and product mix. In milling, higher volumes, lower costs and good supply chain execution in South America were the primary drivers of improved performance in the quarter. Results in North America were comparable for last year. The increase in corporate expenses during the quarter was primarily related to performance based compensation accruals, a portion of which was not allocated out to the segment, as was done in previous years. The increase in other was related to our captive insurance program. Improved results in our non-core sugar and bioenergy joint venture were primarily driven by higher ethanol volume and margins. Prior year results were negatively impacted by approximately $70 million in foreign exchange translation losses on U.S. dollar-denominated debt of joint venture due to significant depreciation of the Brazilian real. For the six months ended Q2, income tax expense was $242 million compared to an income tax expense of $113 million in the prior year. The increase in income tax expense is due to higher year-to-date pretax income, partially offset by a lower estimated effective tax rate for 2021. Net interest expense of $48 million was below last year, primarily driven by lower average variable interest rates, partially offset by higher average debt levels due to increased working capital. Let’s turn to Slide 6. Here, you can see our continued positive earnings trend adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past four fiscal years, along with the most recent trailing 12-month period. This improved performance not only reflects a better operating environment, but also the increased coordination and alignment of our global commercial, industrial and risk management teams due to our new operating model. Slide 7 compares our year-to-date SG&A to the prior year. We have achieved underlying addressable SG&A savings of $20 million, of which approximately 80% is related to indirect costs. Through our team’s disciplined focus on costs, we were able to continue to achieve savings even when compared to last year, which was already lower as a result of the pandemic and the actions we took to reduce spending. Looking ahead, we are monitoring cost inflation in many markets, especially in Brazil, and we will be working to offset this impact where we can while still making the necessary investments in our people, processes and technology. Moving to Slide 8. For the most recent trailing 12-month period, our cash generation, excluding notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, was strong with approximately $2 billion of adjusted funds from operations. This cash flow generation was well in excess of our cash obligations over the past 12-months, allowing us to strengthen our balance sheet. Shortly after quarter end, we closed on the sale of our U.S. grain interior elevators, receiving additional cash proceeds of approximately $300 million and another $160 million for net working capital. Slide 9 details our year-to-date capital allocation of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $76 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental, health and safety and $17 million to preferred dividends, we had approximately $800 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $141 million in common dividends and invested $57 million in growth in productivity CapEx, leaving over $600 million of retained cash flow. As you can see on Slide 10, readily marketable inventories now exceed our net debt with the balance of RMI being funded with equity. Please turn to Slide 11. For the trailing 12-months, adjusted ROIC was 18.4%, 11.8 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 13%, seven percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6% and well above our stated target of 9%. The spread between these return metrics reflects how we use RMI in our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit. Moving to Slide 12. For the trailing 12-months, we produced discretionary cash flow of approximately $1.7 billion and a cash flow yield of nearly 24%. Please turn to Slide 13 for our 2021 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account our strong Q2 results and our outlook, we have increased our full-year adjusted EPS from $7.50 to at least $8.50, above last year’s record of $8.30. Our outlook is based on the following expectations. In Agribusiness, full-year results are expected to be up modestly from the previous expectations but still down from a very strong 2020. In Refining Specialty Oils, we expect full-year results to be up from our previous outlook and significantly higher compared to last year due to our strong first half results and positive demand trends in North America. We continue to expect results in Milling and Corporate and Other to be generally in-line with last year. In non-core, full-year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be a positive contributor. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2021: an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 17% to 19%, which is down from our previous outlook of 20% to 22%; net interest expense in the range of 220 million to 230 million, which is down 10 million from our previous expectation; and capital expenditures in the range of 450 million to 500 million, which is up 25 million from our previous forecast; and depreciation and amortization of approximately 420 million. Shifting to our updated mid-cycle baseline. The waterfall chart on Slide 14 shows the areas and magnitude of increased earnings being primarily driven by what we see as a structural improvement in the oilseed market fundamentals. This is due to increased vegetable oil demand by the renewable diesel industry and greater benefits as a result of the change in our operating model to a global value chain approach. Turning to Slide 15 and the drivers behind these increases. Consistent with our approach in June 2020, when we introduced our $5 baseline, we were defining our long-term average oilseed crush margin range by using the weighted average of our footprint over the past four years plus the trailing 12-months. This increases our average soy crush margin by $1 a metric ton to a range of $34 to $36 per metric ton and more significantly, it increases our average softseed crush margin, which is more sensitive to oil demand by about $10 a metric ton to a range of $48 to $52 per metric ton. We feel these ranges reflect more reasonable normalized numbers in the go-forward structural market environment. We have also increased the normalized earnings of our oilseed origination and distribution businesses and our merchandising sub-segment, reflecting the more coordinated and aligned approach within the value chains from our new operating model. The approximate 30% increase in Refined Specialty Oils earnings is driven by a higher capacity utilization in North American refining and increased contribution from specialty oils due to improvement initiatives that are underway. Importantly, we assume that margins in North American refining normalize back to historical averages as we expect in time that the renewable diesel industry will add pretreatment capabilities to their facilities. There are no changes from our prior baseline in milling. Corporate and Other are down primarily due to higher performance-based compensation from the increase in our baseline. There is no change in the assumed contribution from our Sugar & Bioenergy JV. Net interest expenses reduced by approximately $25 million compared to the $5 baseline, reflecting debt pay down from strong cash flow in 2021 and normalized working capital. Given potential tax policy changes in the future, we are increasing our estimated effective tax rate by two percentage points. It is important to note that our earnings baseline of $7 is not earnings power. Aside from upside that may come from higher-margin environment, we have a number of opportunities that we are pursuing that can drive earnings upside as summarized on Slide 16. Strengthening our oilseeds platform with targeted acquisitions is a top priority. Expanding our industry-leading Refined Specialty Oils position to serve new and existing customers with differentiated products and services is an area of opportunity. We are also excited about the growth and demand for renewable feedstocks and plant-based proteins. And finally, we are continuing to invest in technology that will drive increased efficiency throughout our global operations. Turning to Slide 17. At a $7 per share baseline, we should generate approximately $1.4 billion of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating capital to sustaining CapEx and preferred and common dividends to shareholders, we should have about $800 million of discretionary cash available annually for reinvestment in the business or returns to shareholders. This is an increase of approximately 200 million of cash per year from our $5 baseline. With that, I will turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. From where we sit, it is clear there is a structural shift underway in the consumer demand for sustainable food, feed and fuel. The conversations we have been having with existing and new customers are significantly different than they were even just six months ago. We are pleased with our position to help support meaningful change and with our global platform, we have the ability to do so at scale. Consumers have demonstrated they will pay more to get what they care about, and it is our job to provide these alternatives to our customers. To meet this demand, we work with customers on sourcing sustainable alternatives or helping them reformulate. We help food and feed customers source ingredients to minimize the carbon impact of moving them, and we work with fuel customers to source and transport feedstock for renewable fuels. Importantly, we do all of this with the goal of driving value back to farmers to allow them to invest in stewardship, to support regenerative agriculture and to encourage production in optimal locations, which means getting the highest production per acre using the least amount of inputs. We are really excited about the role we can play in this accelerating shift. I want to end by thanking the team again for their continued incredible execution. And with that, I will open the call to your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi thanks for the question, goo morning. Hey I wanted to know when you developed your baseline assumptions, did you consider a what-if scenario, if soybean suddenly go back to historical levels, like $8, $9 a bushel because of a supply response, does that affect your baseline or do you just think the margins that you can make with all the renewable diesel activity and plant-based are structurally high, so it doesn’t matter?
Gregory Heckman: Yes, I will start and let John come in. But yes, it is a holistic look at history as well as what is currently happening with the key supply and demand factors. And sure, we are seeing - coming forward in the next couple of years, the market is doing its work, right. We are drawing more supply out. But the thing that is different this time is it wasn’t one big crop shortage that caused these higher prices. It has been demand and a structural demand shift in a number of areas. So yes, we rolled all that into the thinking.
Robert Moskow: Okay. And then one quick follow-up also on the baseline. Some Ag tech companies are introducing soybean varieties that require less processing so that the - I guess, the protein can be extracted cheaper. Is that a structural benefit to you, is it material enough to improve your earnings or because I guess you would get cheaper byproducts as a result.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. How we think about technology, look, is the largest global oilseed crusher. We are, of course, working with people on seed technology. We are working on cover crops. We are working at continually becoming more efficient in our own operations. So as we are seeing the demand not only on the traditional food business and the feed customers, but now on the renewable diesel and the growth in the plant proteins, it is going to draw more innovation into the space. And as the largest operator here, it is our job to be in step with that and find ways to take advantage of that. So we are excited about it.
John Neppl: But I would say, Rob, this is John. We haven’t baked any sort of, I will say, new technology into our thinking and our numbers. So it is really based on what is here today, what we are operating today and in what we think is a reasonable outlook on margin environment. So anything that would bolster, improve the margin environment for us going forward would be additive to that.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Alright thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hey this is Steve Haynes on for Vincent. Just wanted to ask - it might be a little early to start talking about 2022, but when we think about your $7 baseline and maybe what might be implied for the second half of 2021, it might suggest something a bit lower than $7. So can you help us kind of think about where the exit rate for this year would kind of put us relative to your new baseline?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. No, I would say we see that differently. I think part of the confidence of raising the baseline to seven years is - or to $7 and doing it this year is what we see in the momentum for the balance of this year and the structural shift in demand carrying into 2022 and 2023. We were very comfortable putting that baseline out there, because we feel we can exceed it here with what we are seeing right now for the next couple of years.
John Neppl: Yes. I think it is important to note that the baseline and maybe it wasn’t clear enough in my remarks, but it doesn’t include the refining premiums that we are seeing today. It does include additional volume from refining as we go forward from the demand. But we did pull back the refining premiums to a more normalized level, assuming long-term that the energy consumers end up doing their own pretreatment. But for now, we are realizing much higher refining premiums than what we have built into the $7.
Steven Haynes: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes thanks, good morning everyone. So I guess, maybe first question is on the revised 2021 outlook. And from the way you had characterized the increase in the press release in the prepared remarks, it doesn’t seem like your second half outlook has really changed all that much from where you were in the first quarter or coming out of the first quarter. And I just want to confirm that is true. And if so, just help us think about kind of the puts and takes around the world in terms of farmer selling, in terms of kind of the crush margin outlook that you see and the opportunities and risks as we think about the second half?
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Yes, you see that correctly. And in fact, as always, we are looking at what we have delivered and then we are looking at the curves for the balance of year. The curves are definitely weaker than the last time we talked and so we have reflected that in the outlook. Now that being said, if you look historically, we will be really surprised if they stay there, but that is what we see right now. Probably if we kind of talk around the world on the crush margin side, of course, North America is the strongest with China probably being the weakest. Europe has definitely felt some pressure as Argentina has ran harder this year and that meal got pushed out into Europe, but we are seeing Argentina now traditionally starts to slow down after harvest as well as the producer as we move towards an election and maybe perceived higher risk devaluation now starting to slow the marketing. So we will see Argentine crush start to slow down. As far as the farmer selling, of course, in Brazil, on the corn side, the producer has not been as quite as sold as prior, because you had a tough weather situation there in a smaller safrina crop, Black Sea a little bit behind in corn, but in the U.S., just slightly ahead of history. And so the next kind of wave in corn selling will be, I think, as people see how the U.S. crop as the weather continues to play out and get a look at kind of what people feel comfortable about the yields, and we will see the next marketing. The U.S. farmers pretty sold up on the 2021 crop a little bit ahead of last year, and I think that is really the story again of getting through the weather, which has got to play through August here, get comfortable with the yields and then we will probably see another wave of marketing. And then in Brazil, of course, we are behind prior year, which last year was pretty special, the way things formed up and with what happened with the FX and the heavy marketing. So we didn’t really expect that to repeat. But overall, curve is pretty weak, but historically, we will be really surprised if they stay there. And in fact, we are starting to see a little glimmer of improvement in China even this week.
Steven Haynes: Alright that is really helpful. And then just a follow up on the new baseline and I guess I’m trying to think about kind of where some of the pluses could come from on the capital allocation front. And I guess, first, it doesn’t include really anything significant in terms of the sugar JV or potential proceeds from kind of eventual sale or IPO of that business. And then if I’m looking at the excess kind of funds from operations that you would be generating in that scenario, just how we thought about the reinvestment or repurchase kind of benefits of that in the $7?
John Neppl: Yes, Adam, this is John. We haven’t assumed anything - so let’s take sugar, we kind of assumed status quo for sugar. So not any additional contribution in terms of from earnings or additional impact from a divestment of that business, we have kind of left it as is, which we think is pretty conservative. And on the growth front, we have not assumed any big growth capital investments in that number. So as we talked about on one of the slides, anything that we do from an investment standpoint in growth projects will be additive to the number.
Adam Samuelson: Got it. So to be clear there, I mean, after your common dividend, you are going to be - there is going to be at least about 7% of equity cap today per year roughly that is allocated effectively from a growth capital perspective or reinvention to shareholder perspective?
Gregory Heckman: Correct. So you can kind of think of that baseline as being sort of a [2020, 2023-ish] (Ph) number. But clearly, overtime, either we are going to invest in growth projects or we are going to buy back stock, one or the other. We are not going to continue to accumulate cash forever. And both of those would be upside from the $7.
Adam Samuelson: Alright that is really helpful. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Hey thanks good morning everybody. I want to follow on Adam’s question there just on capital allocation. And if I look on Page 16 in your slides, the buckets you provided, are those in order of importance or attractiveness and/or the opportunities that exist today and if so, could you talk through that. If not, could you also just talk about where you see the greatest opportunity is? And how you think about - I think you have talked about wanting to make a risk-adjusted return profile and your investment paradigm that you put in place? Can you talk about that relative to the decision to buyback stock, and to Adam’s point, on a yield basis, but the stock is going to be quite cheap. So I would imagine that increases your hurdle rate for the stuff you would want to buy.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Let me start on the projects, and then I will let John take it from there. But no, I think what is exciting now is we have turned to the growth phases, the teams are really working across all the growth platforms and they will be competing for that capital as we put it to work. And then as you said, and I will let John talk to that, it always competes versus buybacks, right. That is always a baseline as well. But look, we are excited - what we are doing on our oilseeds platform as well as the origination distribution businesses. So we are doing all the debottlenecking. We are looking at some Brownfield opportunities and then, of course, even looking at some Greenfield opportunities, because there is going to be more capacity needed to meet this demand growth. We will continue to support our strong areas, but we are also looking to fill in some areas and whether that is with bolt-ons or if we can do something meaningful on the acquisition side. I mean we feel we are as good as anyone to do that. We have shown that we can execute, and we are building the cash and looking for those strategic opportunities. Our specialty oils business, you saw a better performance there across that business and really gaining momentum. So we will continue to look at not only the organic growth, but where we have bolt-on acquisitions or tuck-in acquisitions in that business. We really like that. And with all the reformulation and innovation that is going to be going on with customers is what is happening in the oil complex. We are really glad to have that in the portfolio. And then, of course, what is happening in plant proteins, that trend is firmly in place. That is a business that will be a slower build for us. We are working with the customers and really working backwards in how we build that business. And so we will be thoughtful. And again, it is about the returns, we are not going to run out and overpay for anything to do that. We are going to maintain our discipline around capital allocation. And lastly, on the renewable feedstocks, it supports really all of the business, but it is not only the products to serve that new demand, which is in the oil, which is really important. As you know, historically, a lot of times the oil has been the drag for crush which just makes that no longer the case. But it is not only the products, but it is the services that will be wrapped around that and as we work with people because the conversations are, everybody wants a lower carbon impact, and that is whether that is in feed, food or fuel. And so as we work with the producers to help them deliver that lower carbon product and work it all the way through the value chain into our customers, whether it is on the B2B side or the B2C side. So teams are working very hard, the portfolio rationalization is over and we have turned to growth and we are doing the hard work now but lots of great opportunities, and we are excited about it.
John Neppl: Yes, Ben, in terms of returns, I think we have talked before about how we think about the allocation process. And we look holistically from the top of the house on where the best opportunities are and we obviously adjust return requirements based on geography, based on familiarity with that business, how it folds in closely with what we are doing or if it is an adjacency. But in any event, we are looking at things that are accretive to our targeted ROIC. And again, it is a pretty disciplined centralized approach. And we do expect frankly, as we are generating additional cash down the road to utilize that availability to continue to look at growth opportunities, I do expect for next year with the pipeline of CapEx that we have that we will probably see a ramp-up in capital spending next year over what we are expecting this year.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Great. Greg, you mentioned China crush starting to maybe get a little bit better, could you talk more broadly about China and the demand backdrop there? I know there were some corn cancellations a couple of weeks ago that rattled the grain markets. We have seen what pork prices have done. How do you feel about where we are on the curve for demand from China and how that bears out both in crush and origination as we move forward?
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Look, let’s start by -- the demand has been very solid there. If you look at the USDA is forecasting corn imports to be three times last year, so that is a different story than we have seen historically. And so yes, there will be some ups and downs, but the trend has been more and been up, and we think that that is going to repeat and be sustainable. The higher corn prices did cause some wheat feeding. One thing about as they have rebuilt that commercial industry, right, they are running lease cost formulation now and when there was some wheat release from the reserve with the high corn prices, they reformulated and wheat being four points higher on protein, that did hurt meal demand. So we felt that. We think we are kind of getting to the tail end of that. And then as you said, hog margins have softened, but that seems to have stabilized. And then crush margins were under pressure. This was kind of all happening at the same time. But again, that seems to have stabilized. And historically, if you look at that in that industry, the marginal producers will pull back and those crush margins will recover. So we feel good about the long-term there, but there will always be some ups and downs in the demand look.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Thanks for the comments and congratulations.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
John Neppl: Thanks Ben.
Operator: The next question comes from Luke Washer with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Luke Washer: Hi good morning. I wanted to ask about the premium on the refined soybean oil versus the crude soybean oil. John, I think you talked about you expect that to come down as it relates to your new $7 EPS baseline. But we are seeing a lot of renewable diesel capacity coming on over the next really three to four years, and this premium seems to have blown out to the near double of what it historically has been. So when you think about that going forward, do you see that coming down sooner than later or do you think with all this renewable diesel capacity and most likely a lot of them are bringing on those pretreatment facilities too soon? We could see that premium really last for a few years here.
John Neppl: Yes. We are really looking at normalization overtime, but it is tough to predict how quickly that will happen. I think our view would be over the next year or two, it will remain elevated. You are right, and we are seeing premiums nearly double what they have been historically. And a lot of the demand that is coming on in the near-term won’t have pretreatment. So it is really going to be a question of how fast and over what period of time. So we wanted to be conservative in our $7 baseline that we didn’t assume extended time period of elevated margins in that area. But certainly, it is possible that, that will happen.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You are exactly correct. We are starting to see the benefits of that already, and we really haven’t seen the volume really start to pick up yet. That will happen here in the second half. And then to your point, it will take a couple of years for some of that to get built. But we wanted to separate the near-term environment from what we had put in the long-term baseline.
Luke Washer: Yes. To take advantage, it looks like debottlenecking some of your oil. Are you exploring any Greenfield potential too to build a new crush plan? Or right now, it is just really focused on debottlenecking?
Gregory Heckman: No, everything is on the table.
Luke Washer: Got it, okay helpful. And maybe just one more quick one. I was hearing a lot about supply chain disruption, particularly as it relates to ocean freight. And it sounds like in your merchandising business, it is almost helped you to some extent. I guess could you frame how that is helps your results or hurt your results and whether this disruption could last for a while? What that means for the back half of the year here?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. The one thing about having a global system and over 30 of our own ports, when there is tightness and there is dislocation, it allows us to be able to help solve problems for customers and to manage our own processing businesses to serve customers with products. So from that standpoint, it becomes somewhat of an opportunity. Is it difficult? Is it challenging? Does it create a lot of complexity? Absolutely. Some of the other things, a little more problematic, no doubt, but they are not unique to us in our industry are unique to this industry alone. But if you look in North America, the shortage of truck drivers and the tightness in truck freight, and that is really challenging on the logistical side, and we are all working through that. And then, of course, the tightness in containers globally has made some supply chain management very difficult. But you switch modes of transportation where you can and work through stocks, try to manage stocks with customers to manage where you have got logistical risk, but that is part of having a great global platform and having a great team.
Luke Washer: That is good. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Kallo with Baird. Please go ahead.
Benjamin Kallo: Hey thanks for taking my question. Congrats, Greg and John. First a housekeeping question. On the JV, could you just remind us what the period is where you couldn’t do anything to spin or sell it? And then I have a much broader question.
John Neppl: Sure. Yes. Ben, we are now in a past the time line in which we could go out and market our half of the ownership of the JV, so that was at 18-months and so we passed that about a month or so ago. So we have the ability to go out market our half. At the same time, we will have the ability to trigger IPO at the two year mark, which is December 1st. And certainly, we are talking to our partner, we are assessing our opportunities down the road here. We are keeping an eye on what is happening in the Brazil financial markets as well as what is happening with Raison and their recent IPO of a portion - it is a small IPO relative to the size of their business, but we are watching that to see how the market reacts overtime here and certainly keeping our options open.
Benjamin Kallo: Got it. And then, Greg, you have been at the helm since April 2019. And with the new $7 baseline and like ADM establishing a baseline, a new baseline yesterday, I guess what the $7 number has been under your control and your team’s control of getting there versus macro environment, whether it is a structural change or it is a temporary change? And if you could spend - I know that is a lot there, but if you could slice it up into what you think has led to that $7 number from where you started from. That would be helpful.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Look, a lot of it are the things within our controls. We are not assuming any big macros in that. That is, if you think, right, what we have lived through the last two years, put aside the fact of trade war, ASF and COVID, what we lived through is we changed this portfolio. We are running a different set of assets. And we have gone through all the work at the same time of unwiring those from the machine as we did the divestitures. I mean, sure, these are distracting, tough projects and super proud of the team and what they have been able to do. We changed the operating model on a global company, and that took rewiring, right, rewiring the systems and the processes, and we are still in the final throes of that and getting better information more quickly to all of our industrial and commercial teams. And then the disciplined approach that we are taking on risk management and that really focusing on the assets and how we are running the assets and how we are managing the earnings at risk in those assets in the tens of thousands of customers that we have got. And then as we have talked about the discipline around our industrial and making improvements in how we run those assets and how the industrial and commercial teams work together and looking at the best of Bunge globally to learn from ourselves as we think like a global company and make that systemic improvement that we get to keep. And then we have done this in some really tough environments and with a lot of people remotely, and that is given us a lot of confidence, even since a year ago, when we were putting this baseline out amidst this change. So this is the underlying - the company here, the great global platform, the great team and the way that we are operating and getting some miles with it. Now the environment has improved. So when you say a $7 baseline, remember, that is a framework. So when you see the crush margins higher than what is in the baseline, that is showing how the over improvement is there, and that is happening in soy and soft crush. And when you see the edible oil volumes and now margins on the refining overages higher than what is in the model, and that is what we were speaking to. That is over performing the baseline. And that is what we talked about. We are comfortable with what we are seeing here for the next couple of years, and that is why it was time to raise the baseline and also why we were comfortable raising the outlook for this year.
Benjamin Kallo: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of America excuse me, Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey good morning guys. It is Ken with Bank of Montreal. Just a couple of questions. One is, I wanted to confirm that you are actually increasing your implied EBITDA for mid-cycle more than what you are increasing the EPS given that you are raising the tax assumptions. Is that a fair assumption that EBITDA, the assumption is actually stronger than even the EPS range from $5 to $7, if I didn’t imply it?
John Neppl: Yes. The biggest driver is tax. And then we do have a small increase in share count just overtime through normal comp, equity comp structure, but that is pretty minimal. But those would be the two drivers.
Kenneth Zaslow: So the EBITDA is going - is increasing - your mid-cycle EBITDA is increasing at a faster pace than your EPS?
John Neppl: Right.
Gregory Heckman: Correct. Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. So cash flow matters? Okay. I just want to make sure. The second question...
John Neppl: It definitely matters.
Kenneth Zaslow: Right. That is what I’m saying. Effective tax rate is less important than the EBITDA that is associated with it. That is what I’m saying. I just want to make sure. If I did it implicitly, I can back into what the EBITDA calculation would be, and it would be higher than the EPS growth. That is what I just want to make sure.
John Neppl: Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow: Second question, is there any reason not to believe that 2022 will be at least mid-cycle numbers? Just making sure I got that just through all the context.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You are correct. And with what we see right now, we expect it to be above mid-cycle numbers. I think the next couple of years - yes, the next couple of years with the momentum and what we see here, and look, it takes time to build things, whether that is capacity or pretreatment or some of the things that have to happen, some of the oil that has to find its way into the U.S., that is complicated. So there is a big shift going on, and it is going to take some time for that to happen.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And not getting ahead of myself, but I get the sense that you are trying to continue to build on the mid-cycle earnings overtime through CapEx. So in three years or whatever the years are, as you build the capacity and use your capital judiciously, you are trying to build a higher mid-cycle earnings overtime as well, right? This is not the end of the mid-cycle number. Is that a fair way of thinking about it?
Gregory Heckman: That is correct. No, no, this is the beginning, if you will. So if we make an acquisition, we will come in and talk about what change that makes to the baseline. When we make a sizable capital investment, we will come in and talk about what change that makes to baseline. So those will be probably the next things you hear about the baseline are when we make investments and the difference that makes to the underlying earnings power of the machine.
John Neppl: Yes. Think of it another way, Ken, to hit $7 over time as we reinvest capital wisely in the company, it lowers that bar on the need - the margin we need to get to $7 will drop. So today, we are at, call it 35 and 50 overtime as we reinvest, those numbers would go down in terms of the margins we would need to hit $7. That is another way to look at it.
Kenneth Zaslow: Great. I appreciate it guys. Thanks a lot.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Greg Heckman for any closing remarks.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you. Just want to thank everybody again for your interest in Bunge. To wrap up, we are really pleased with the continued outstanding performance. We are pleased to be able to revise our outlook. This global platform just continues to demonstrate its resiliency. And with our role in the global food supply chain, we are in a great position to benefit from what we see as an accelerating shift in demand for sustainable food, feed and fuel, and we look forward to talking to you again soon. Thanks again.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-04 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited First Quarter 2021 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded.  I'd now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Jason, and thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations.  Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. I would like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer, and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann. And good morning, everyone.  Turning to slide 3, you'll see the agenda for today's call. I'll start with some highlights for the first quarter before handing over to John who will go into more detail on our performance. I'll then share some closing thoughts and how we're thinking about the remainder of the year before opening the line for your questions.  Let's start with an overview of the quarter, turning to slide 4. Thanks to the outstanding execution by our global team working seamlessly across our value chains, we're off to a great start for 2021. We brought positive momentum into the quarter, and we continue to capture the opportunities in front of us, delivering our sixth consecutive quarter of increased earnings.  Operationally, our team did a fantastic job maximizing our assets. We reached a new high watermark for crush capacity utilization and we continue to reduce unplanned downtime. We also executed well in the marketplace, through outstanding customer service, innovation, agility and partnership. Our strong results over the past few quarters reflect the value of working as a unified global company and the benefits of our integrated model delivered to our customers on both ends of the value chain, from farmers to customers to consumers.  We're committed to continuous improvement and managing risk effectively because, while we're incredibly proud of what we've achieved, we recognize there's always more we can do, especially in an industry that doesn't always offer a straight line path from quarter to quarter. The dramatic swings in consumer and customer behavior during the COVID pandemic are case in point.  COVID is still very much a factor in most parts of the world, especially in Brazil and India. And our thoughts are with all those who are still in the center of the battle with this pandemic.  In regions where restrictions are easing, we're seeing increased demand and pricing across a range of products as people begin to get back to regular life patterns. And regardless of those more encouraging trends, our top priority continues to be the safety of our team, their families, and communities.  Turning now to our segment performance. As you saw last week, we changed our reporting to better align with our new value chain operating structure. John will go into more detail on that later in the call. But our new segments more closely reflect the way we manage our business.  In the first quarter, we delivered especially strong results in Agribusiness. Earnings were driven primarily by oilseed processing, particularly in soft seeds, and our merchandising value chains. Refined and Specialty Oils had a record quarter, benefiting from tightening global supplies, improved demand, particularly in North America, and our continued focus on customers and innovation.  And before handing the call over to John, you'll note that with our strong first quarter results and favorable outlook across a number of our markets, we raised our full-year adjusted EPS forecast to approximately $7.50. I'll share some additional thoughts on the remainder of 2021 before opening the call for Q&A.  And additionally, we announced this morning that our board of directors approved a 5% increase to our quarterly common dividend, reflecting our positive momentum and favorable market trends.  I'll now turn the call over to John to walk through our financial results in more detail. 
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg. And good morning, everyone. You may have seen our announcement last week that we have changed our segment reporting to align with our new value chain model and to reflect how we manage the business and review financial information.  Within Agribusiness, we have realigned grains and oil seeds operations in the processing and merchandising. Fertilizer segment has been eliminated, with those results now included in the processing component of Agribusiness. Processing, in addition to fertilizer, is principally the oil seeds operations, plus the soy and soft seed crush related origination activities previously included in grains. You can find additional details in note two of our earnings press release and in the appendix of the slide presentation. Let's turn to our earnings highlights on slide 5. Our reported first quarter earnings per share was $5.52 compared to a loss of $1.46 in the first quarter of 2020. Our reported results include a net gain of $1.09 related to the previously announced sale of our Rotterdam oil refinery, as well as the packaging plant in Mexico. Reported results also include a mark-to-market timing difference of $1.03 per share.  Adjusted EPS was $3.13 in the quarter versus $0.91 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, were $737 million in the quarter versus $354 million in the prior year, driven by strong performances in our Agribusiness and Refined and Specialty Oils segments.  As Greg noted, Agribusiness results in the quarter reflect outstanding execution by the team managing our crush capacity and trade flows. In processing, improved performance in the quarter was driven by higher results in all soft seed and soy crush value chains, which included an increased contribution for US soybean origination.  In addition, we achieved record Q1 soy and rapeseed crush volume and capacity utilization, reflecting reduced unplanned downtime and excellent coordination between our commercial and industrial teams. This improved crush output brings immediate financial benefits, especially periods of strong margins like we've been experiencing.  In merchandising, improved volumes and margins in our global oils, corn and wheat value chains were primarily driven by increased export demand, strong grain origination in North America and Australia, and outstanding execution of logistics and risk management. Results in our financial services business were also higher. In Refined and Specialty Oils, the strong performance reflected higher results in all regions, driven by improved execution as well as favorable market trends. Margins in North America refining benefited from early stage recovery and food service and increased demand from the renewable diesel sector. Higher margins and South America and Europe more than offset lower volumes. Asia benefited from strong demand in India prior to the reimposition of restrictions due to the surge in new COVID cases.  In Milling, results were down in both North and South America, primarily due to lower margins. Additionally, volumes in Brazil were negatively impacted by the resurgence in COVID cases.  The increase in corporate expenses during the quarter was primarily related to the performance-based compensation accruals, a portion of which was not allocated out to the segments. The decrease in other was related to our captive insurance program.  Results for our sugar and bioenergy joint venture benefited from higher sugar and ethanol volume and higher sugar prices in local currency. Prior-year results reflect less favorable environment and were also negatively impacted by approximately $25 million in FX translation losses of the joint venture due to depreciation of the Brazilian real.  For the quarter, income tax expense was $192 million as compared to an income tax benefit of $55 million for the prior year. The increase in income tax expense was due to higher pretax income. Adjusted for notable items, the effective tax rate for the quarter was 21%. Net interest expense of $64 million was in line with our expectations.  Let's turn to slide 6. Here you can see our positive earnings trend adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past four years along with the most recent trailing 12-month period. This improved performance not only reflects a strong operating environment, but also the hard work of our global teams and the benefits for a new operating model that brings organizational alignment across regions and, importantly, has shifted our culture to one of continuous improvement and capital discipline.  Slide 7 compares our first quarter SG&A to the prior year. We achieved underlying addressable SG&A savings of $16 million, of which approximately 80% was related to indirect costs. COVID-related restrictions continued to impact areas such as travel, but we also realized lower employee and professional services costs. Moving to slide 8. For the most recent trailing 12-month period, our cash generation excluding notable items and mark-to-market timing differences were strong at approximately $2.2 billion of adjusted funds from operations. This cash flow generation enabled us to comfortably funding our cash obligations over the past year and retained approximately $1.4 billion to strengthen our balance sheet in support of our credit rating objective of BBB, Baa2. Slide 9 details our capital allocation of adjusted funds from operations for the first quarter. After allocating $32 million to sustaining CapEx, which includes maintenance, environmental health and safety, and $8 million to preferred dividends, we had $493 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $71 million in common dividends to shareholders and invested $21 million in growth and productivity CapEx, leaving approximately $400 million of retained cash flow.  Moving on to slide 10. The $400 million of retained cash flow and other cash sources, including proceeds from the sale of assets, more than offset of approximately $700 million of cash outflow this quarter for working capital. As a result, net debt decreased by approximately $100 million.  We also took action to increase our availability under committed credit lines to $5.8 billion, leaving us with ample liquidity to support potentially higher working capital needs.  As you can see on slide 11, we further strengthened our balance sheet during the quarter to a point where the entirety of our net debt funded 91% of our readily marketable inventory, with the 9% balance of RMI being funded with equity.  Please turn to slide 12 for our return metrics. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 18.7% or 12.1 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 13.4%, 7.4 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital 6% and well above our stated target of 9%. The widening spread between these metrics reflects how we have been effectively using RMI in our operations as a tool to generate incremental profit.  Moving to slide 13. Our discretionary cash flow and cash flow yield have continued to increase, reflecting strong cash flow generation that is available for strengthening our balance sheet, investing in growth and returning to shareholders. For the trailing 12 months, we produced a discretionary cash flow of almost $1.9 billion and a cash flow yield of nearly 29%.  Please turn to slide 14 for 2021 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account our strong Q1 results, forward curves and market conditions, we've increased our full year adjusted EPS outlook from at least $6 per share to approximately $7.50 per share. This is based on the following expectations.  In Agribusiness, full year results are expected to be up from our previous expectations, but down from 2020. In Refined and Specialty Oils, we expect full-year results to the up from our previous outlook and significantly higher compared to last year due to strong first quarter results and positive demand trends in North America. Results in Milling and Corporate and Other are expected to be generally in line with last year.  In non-core, full-year results in our sugar and bioenergy joint venture are expected to be a positive contributor, driven by improved sugar and Brazilian ethanol prices.  Additionally, the company expects the following for 2021. An adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 22%. Net interest expense in the range of $230 million to $240 million. Capital expenditures in the range of $425 million to $475 million, and depreciation and amortization of approximately $415 million.  With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments. 
Gregory Heckman : Thanks, John. Before opening the call to Q&A, I want to provide some perspective on the balance of 2021. As we noted, with our strong first quarter performance and what we see from the forward curves, we're forecasting full-year EPS to be around $7.50.  While we don't have full visibility in the back half of the year, the market and demand trends are favorable. We expect higher volumes because of increased post COVID foodservice demand in several countries, as well as from the US renewable diesel industry in the second half of the year.  Because of the work we've done, we now have the ability to pursue the type of projects that will help us meet growing demand and continue to improve our platform. We have a number of projects in various stages to enhance the efficiency of our core oilseeds business. We're taking a thoughtful approach as we invest our specialty fats and oils and our plant-based proteins businesses, and we're staying disciplined, but also recognize the demand for sustainable products is providing us more opportunities than ever to grow our business as we continue to connect farmers to consumers.  The leadership team and I are incredibly proud of the entire Bunge team's continued focus on execution and we're confident in our capabilities and the business model we have here at Bunge. While there's always more work to be done, we're making progress every day and the results are evident.  And with that, I'll open the call to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. 
Adam Samuelson: Greg, John, I was hoping to maybe dig a little bit on the updated outlook. First quarter was very strong. I'm just trying to think about how much did the full-year outlook change based on the realized first quarter performance versus changes in the forward curves, your hedged positions and market outlook over the balance of the year, especially on the oilseed crush side where obviously margins have been pretty volatile, at least on the board given tight soybean supplies? 
Gregory Heckman: Couldn't be more pleased with the way the team carried the momentum out of a record 2020 here into Q1 and how they've continued to execute. And consistent with what we've done, right, we're going to tell you what we're seeing currently, in the forward curves and the market outlook versus what we hope is going to happen, but that's given us the confidence to go ahead and raise the number from $6 to $7.50.  There's definitely good momentum. And as we said, we're seeing – as things reopen [indiscernible] we're getting back to demand on the food side close to pre-COVID levels. And then, of course, while we're seeing a little bit of help from renewable diesel here in North America on the oil demand side, we really expect to start to feel that in the second half. So, feel real comfortable even as early as it is here in the year to go ahead and take the number up.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe just teeing off on something you just mentioned, on renewable diesel specifically, as that demand becomes more visible, you've seen cash oil prices get premiums be very strong year-to-date. Help us think about how we should expect that incremental demand on the veg oil chain to flow through your P&L both in oilseeds in crush, but also in the refined oils piece on the refining side, which would seem to be a critical bottleneck from a feedstock perspective for a lot of renewable diesel producers near term. 
Gregory Heckman: I guess one of the things we're really excited about is being basic in all the oils globally, and it's connected to the global oil markets. We're going to see the benefit of that multi-year sustained demand really across our system. Of course, here in North America is where the majority of the work is starting to get done. And there'll be reformulation both – for those who have had the ability to do that on the fuel side. And then, of course, on the food side, they've always been where they have the flexibility to reformulate. So, we'll be working with our customers as the market adjusts and the market is doing its work with price to inset some additional supply. But that takes multiple years to get that in place. So, we're really excited about the benefits of this, meaning with new multi-year demand. 
Adam Samuelson: If I could just squeeze one more quick one in just on that last point. You've seen some competitors announce, especially in Canada on the canola crush side, a bunch of new capacity. As you would look at kind of margin structures across the forward curves, are we anywhere near where Bunge would consider growth capital on the crush side or more debottlenecking and maybe expansion at oil refining? I'm just trying to think about the capital commitment against that opportunity. 
Gregory Heckman: Historically, this industry – or really any industry when you're adding a new demand, you see price react and the market starts to do its work to put that supply in place. A lot of announcements get made, some of it even gets built. And as the leading oilseed crusher, we're doing the kind of things you'd expect we'll be doing. We're already doing debottlenecking in our crushing and refining footprint. We'll continue to look at a number of projects where we have work ongoing to do some brownfield things, maybe add a refinery where we don't have one and/or add some optionality to be able to crush this off.  And then as far as greenfield, those have got to make sense. We're going to have discipline because it's [indiscernible] spot economics, it's the long-term economics. And so, we've got to look at building the right plant in the right location with the right customer and the right partners. Because the one thing we're going to make sure that we do is when we put wellness capital in the ground, we're going to be couple with the long term returns.
Operator: Next question is from Tom Simonitsch from JP Morgan. 
Tom Simonitsch: Argentina exported a record value of soy products in Q1. How are you expecting Argentina to impact the global soybean complex for the rest of this year?
Gregory Heckman: Definitely, the market has needed that supply from Argentina, right? It's calling forward on price. And it's that time of year when that market should be running hard. I think with the election coming up and there's still kind of looming devaluation, we expect the farmers to be pretty much hand to mouth. And so, we don't think the industry will run as hard for the balance of the year. But we have been running harder here in 2021 than we did in 2010. I think at the end of the year, you'll see that Argentina's run harder in 2021 for the full year, but second half probably won't be as hard as the first half.
Tom Simonitsch: Could you just provide some more color around the quarterly cadence of earnings to get to the $7.50 for the full year?
John Neppl: Tom, can you repeat that? Sorry, you cut out a little bit.
Tom Simonitsch: I said, could you provide some more color around the quarterly cadence of earnings to get to the $7.50 for the full year?
Gregory Heckman: I kind of look at it in halves. I think based on our first quarter performance, which we largely push through the year, we're looking at probably a split between first and second half, of about 60/40 is our current outlook. Obviously, things are going to move around a lot. But that's sort of how we look at it. And last year was a little bit the opposite. We were 35/65, first half/second half. But with a strong start to the year and certainly a lot less visibility into the second half, little bit less liquidity out there and a lot of volatility in the market, we're looking at more of a 60/40 split. 
Gregory Heckman: As we talked before, in this business, the one thing is the profitability will move around within the value chain and it'll move around from quarter to quarter, which is one of the reasons we've gotten try to get people to also focus on LTM on some statistics. 
Operator: The next question comes from Benjamin Theurer from Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: First of all, congrats on the strong results. Question around capital allocation and your further ideas around the portfolio. Obviously, the one thing that just pops up is your non-core business. It's now the third quarter in a row with some positive contribution here. And I remember you've talked about it that you want to get that stabilized to then basically move forward to make out of non-core, what actually is not going to be reported anymore. So, if you could give us a quick update on where you think you stand in the process of the divestiture of that sugar, bioenergy business? That will be my first question. 
John Neppl: We are assessing the sugar business. And obviously, our first goal is to stabilize that business and improve the performance. And of course, the team is doing a great job. We're really happy to be part of that joint venture as a partner of BP. As we said before, we're certainly looking at some point exiting that business. But, obviously, timing is important. And the markets are a bit interesting in Brazil. And obviously, with COVID impact, we're benefiting from better sugar and ethanol environment today than we had a year ago, better currency environment. But we have a little bit of time here before we can really actually execute on anything based on our agreement. But we are exploring some options there, thinking about strategically when's going to be the right time. But again, our communication has been pretty consistent over the long run. So, we plan to exit that business at the right time.
Gregory Heckman: Just from a broader portfolio actions, look, we're never done. That's never really over. It's constant evaluation. And we're challenging the lowest returning parts of the portfolio to get better. So, we'll continue to always have that focus.
Benjamin Theurer: Obviously, in light with that and now with the strong cash flow and your balance sheet capacity, et cetera, and you've talked about it in your closing remarks to look for your disciplined approach into investments, which regions, which areas, where do you think you still have a little bit of whitespace? Where do you think you can put the money to work to further grow to ultimately benefit from what the underlying dynamics are? Is it within what might be done on renewable green diesel? Is it within the oilseeds that then go into whatever meat alternatives, those kind of businesses, just give a little bit of a sense on where you're heading to from a capital allocation perspective?
Gregory Heckman: I tell you. We are excited about the timing of – finishing up our transformation work and the divestitures and to have the great operating performance that we have and to now have the fuel. And as we say, we feel we've earned the right to grow. Because it's we continue to have the global footprint and we'll continue to look at that global network. And where we need to fortify some of our strongholds and where we need to continue to shore things up. And of course, with what's going on in North America, that's changing some of the flows, and that goes into our thinking. So, that will continue to be on our core oilseeds distribution network. And of course, that still has the benefit of population and per capita income growth. And that kind of ticks along. And don't forget, that demand growth continues to be there. But they have two new sources of multi-year demand and two strong trends in place. It's pretty exciting place to be and think about renewable diesel, the demand that that's got and the adjustments that's got to be happening there. That's going to create some definite opportunities. And then, what we're seeing in plant proteins, and so that's creating not only a real opportunity on the plant protein side, but where our specialty fats and oils plays a role in those products and giving them the taste and the mouthfeel and the bite that people love. We're already working with those customers.  And the one thing that's clear, whatever trends you look at, everybody believes that there's not enough supply to meet the demand for the plant protein. So, we're going to see a lot of opportunities there.  And then, of course, that gives us the – what's happening on sustainability standpoint and lower carbon index products, what is going into the fuel, food and the feed industry, we think that's going to create a lot of opportunities for products and services as they run throughout our entire platform.  So, excited about the team continuing to execute, and the choices and the competing that we're going to have for that capital for growth.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Just another question on guidance. Greg, your competitor has specifically pointed to fourth quarter as setting up extremely well because of exports to China. Your guidance seems to have something a little more conservative about fourth quarter. Is this a difference in style in terms of how you're looking at the world? Or is there something about your footprint that will make it, I guess, less easy to capitalize on a strong export environment in fourth quarter?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. It might be a style issue. We're not forecasting what we hope is going to happen. We're looking at the forward curves. I think the one thing that – we've got the approach consistent since we got here. And the one message that I think everybody was pretty consistent is they didn't want us promising things we couldn't deliver. So, look, I've got a lot of confidence in this team. And as we've said before, when we see it, we roll it forward as we just did from – taking from $6 to $7.50. And if the opportunity is here and Q4 develops the way that some think it will, this team will find a way to chase last year's record number.
Robert Moskow: And just a follow-up, with corn up here at $7 and soybeans above $13, like it's beginning to feel more like 2008. And I'm just wondering if you have any lessons learned from that time period? Is that just a different time and it's not what we should expect for this time? Certainly, the ride down in terms of deflation for commodities really hurt Bunge. So, how should we think about it this time around? 
Gregory Heckman: I'd say a couple key things. One, every time the market cycles, people, like, different this time. And maybe it is. And it's our job to look at that. And we do have some new demand in the plant proteins and new demand in renewable diesel. There's definitely a new focus on sustainability and climate friendly and regenerative farming. And these are the long-term trends that are going to change things. How is what we're trying to figure out.  But I think the biggest thing is that our leadership team all lives through that. And we've lived through some other cycles in ag and food. And this is a time to really instill some discipline because this is when industries and companies get in trouble when there's a little irrational exuberance. And so, you'll see us be very disciplined about what we're going to do and thinking about the long term and really stressing the projects that we do, so that they will return for the long term. Frankly, we just spent some time, the last two years, cleaning up some things that we want to make sure that we don't make mistakes in the future. 
John Neppl: Rob, this is John. I would add on. It was important for us, in 2008, to manage our balance sheet both on the way up and then on the way down as markets came off. But what we ended up with was a very strong balance sheet at the end of 2008. And 2009, to Greg's point, as people were struggling, we really went on the hunt for looking for opportunities to invest. And over the course of a couple years after that, after the financial crisis of 2008, we grew substantially in a couple of years just with the opportunities. And that's really how we think about it. 
Operator: The next question comes from Luke Washer from Bank of America. 
Luke Washer: I just wanted to take another stab at your guidance here. And great guidance at $7.50. You talked about how this is related to your expectation for crush. So, maybe just two things. What does that expect in terms of your volumes for kind of your processed goods and your merchandising goods, specifically maybe how it relates to global trade or China exports?  And then on the crush side, is there significant variability by region? Or do you see crush margins being elevated over the course of the year in most regions? 
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, let me start. John, if there's anything, you can fill in. On the food side, let me tell you about how we're seeing it on the on the food side. We're definitely seeing an improvement. We just don't – Refined and Specialty Oils just had a record quarter with every region posting year-on-year improvement. And so, a lot of the improvement efforts there, we've had really started to unlock our downstream potential. We're seeing organic growth, and we've got a strong order book in all regions. So, a big part of that increase is definitely on the food side. And then, as we talked about earlier, we do expect Argentina net-net to run harder this year than last year. So, that'll be additional volume.  And then second part of the question, sorry. 
John Neppl: With respect to margins, kind of how we see those over the balance of the year. I'd say fairly consistent on the soy side is what we saw in the first quarter. Overall, over the balance of the year, it'll be a little lumpy from Q to Q, but really pretty strong margins on the soft side. We saw very good margins in Q1. Maybe not as good over the balance of the year we saw based on the forward curves, but obviously we'll take the opportunity once there. But I'd say on the soft side, good strength, really in the area where we're big in Canada, and Europe especially, we do expect elevated soft seed margins this year versus a year ago. 
Gregory Heckman: I remember, you asked about crush margins. If you look around the world, of course, they're the best in the US. Europe second and then South America third, but very volatile. And then, China right now, of course, with some of the wheat feeding that happened over there that's hurt meal demand, crush margins are the worst in China. We do expect those to improve and we're seeing crush margins in Brazil improving now. So, that's kind of how we see it, how we see it setting up.
Luke Washer: Maybe just one more on Brazil. The Safrinha corn crop looks like it's going to be quite delayed here and dry conditions seem to be persistent. So, maybe you can provide more detail on how you expect that to impact your business, particularly with soybean oil or soybean supplies being rather tight too. Is this an opportunity from you when you think about dislocation, your ability to provide value to your customers? Or could this be a potential headwind in the back half of the year? 
Gregory Heckman: No, definitely opportunity. The one thing about this global machine here is that we definitely help customers during times of dislocation. Higher volume is good for us. Higher volatility. So, the environment that we've got right now is definitely that. And what you're describing in 36:46, yeah, with it being wet, we got in a little bit later, that's going to put kind of a critical development period out there when it's usually drier. So, there's some worried about – some concern about yield. So, the global corn market will have to kind of fill in when that crop comes off late. And then, depending how the weather and how volumes develop, of course, will be a price driver in which origin destination [indiscernible] shipping. 
Operator: Next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a farmer selling perspective? You already touched on Argentina, but maybe in in Brazil. And I'm just looking at your cash flow statement and the secured advances to suppliers in the quarter was actually a source of cash, which was of use in the prior period, and your advances on sales were a little bit less of a use. So, maybe I'm wrong, but I would have thought that maybe those would have would have been bigger numbers. But maybe just talk about it, the Brazilian farmers selling, finally starting to decelerate in a material way? Or what are you seeing?
Gregory Heckman: A little bit of a switch compared to last year where you've got the Brazilian farmer behind year-ago levels, not marketing as fast. And we've gotten the North American farmer ahead of year-ago levels. And with these prices, has been a more aggressive marketer. As far as those more detailed questions, John doesn't allow me to answer those. So, I'll pass it.
John Neppl: As Greg mentioned, farmers selling has slowed a bit in Brazil. We're still very active on the farmer financing and advancement side. But clearly, in the quarter, as things slowed down, we advance a lot of funds in the fall ahead of harvest. And as we get into Q1 and Q2, and they're delivering on crops and you start to see those numbers down generally. Or maybe in Q1, they don't do a whole lot. And then in Q2, we'll see a more dramatic drop as farmers deliver on crops. So, not terribly unusual in terms of the cash flow. 
Vincent Andrews: Just a follow-up in oils and to food service. As we're all painfully aware, a lot of foodservice outlets have just been shut for periods of time or operating at very low rates if they're up and running at all. So, presumably, those folks need to build inventory, get inventory to a run rate where they could operate again. Do you think that occurred in the first quarter? Or presumably, there's more reopening to do? Is that a tailwind into 3Q? Or how long do you think it takes to get those foodservice customers to the inventory levels that they need just to be a growing concern? 
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we thought slow Jan and then we had some of the bad weather through Feb. And then, definitely, the supply chain, we continue to battle fewer drivers out there on the truck side and getting the railroad crews in place as volumes come back up. But March was good. And that's where we saw March at pre-COVID levels, which gave us the confidence here in the back half. And then, when we look at the order book, here in the balance of the year, so we do expect volumes to be good. It'll be a little different than historically. It looks like food at home may settle out a little bit above the pre-pandemic levels. And then, as we see food service come back, I think the big QSRs are probably going to get more than their share where the smaller food service and the dine-in looks like it may be slower to recover. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask on the demand side of the equation. Initially, specific to China, but then more broadly, you mentioned the wheat feeding substitution, the demand for soybean meal being reduced. You mentioned you expect that to get better. Do you think that gets better because of a demand recovery or just a capacity utilization downstream that kind of firms up the soybean meal market a little bit there domestically?  As you look more broadly across your global footprint, and I guess here in the US, the primary users of grain, protein and ethanol, those margin backdrops are quite favorable. So, it doesn't seem like we're in an environment where we'd see any demand destruction. But are you seeing demand destruction yet at all anywhere across your global footprint and in any particular end market? That would be helpful to hear. 
Gregory Heckman: No demand destruction. Animal profitability continues to be good. Demand continues to be on the meal side, as well as, of course, we've talked about the oil side. The two exceptions are Brazil where they made an adjustment from B13 to B10. And so we'll be watching and see if that comes back. And then, of course, a little bit on Brazil and India with the resurgence of COVID. But they were stronger ahead of that.  And then the wheat feeding that we talked about. That's kind of the market, again, does its work. And you see historically. Wheat gets cheap, comes in the ration, it's fed and a price adjust. But that did steal a little bit of demand from us, primarily in China on the soybean meal side. We've been about 4 points higher on the protein side than corn. But that's a temporary thing. It's not a long-term structural issue. And then, the other is we'll watch ethanol as it comes back [indiscernible] DDG. But as we said, we've got good animal profitability and good demand right now. So, feel pretty good about things. 
Ben Bienvenu: Second question is related to kind of strategic initiatives. In the ethanol complex, and to a lesser extent, but it's been talked about in fertilizers, there's a lot of discussion and engagement with carbon capture and sequestration. What opportunity does that present for you all as large processors in terms of whether it makes sense to make strategic partnerships or participate in projects? I'm just curious, within your broader ESG goals and greenhouse gas emission reduction goals, where does that fit? 
Gregory Heckman: We continue to work on our own platform around our own usage, but we really think there's just a huge opportunity. There's such a focus on low carbon. And it starts by low carbon feedstock supplier to the fuel industry. But I think we believe it's going to continue to be the change, and it's really about giving the consumer what they want and get some of that value back to the producer as they continue to change their farming practices to more climate friendly, more regenerative farming. And then, I think we'll see everybody wanting – across food, feed and fuel wanting lower carbon products all the way through, and that's going to be an opportunity in the products and the services. I think you're going to see innovation all the way across the industry.  Change is good, right? That's new demand. And you've just got to be smart enough to step into the right place and make the right investments. But we're a huge part of the value chain, and that value has got to be pulled through from the producer to the consumer. And we're here to help that happen. So excited about the new opportunities that that's going to create. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. 
Kenneth Zaslow: A couple of questions. One is, when you think about the forward curve, how do you think soybean oil demand from renewable diesel is in there at this point? And when do you think it'll actually develop into the curve and how does that progress? 
Gregory Heckman: I think we're seeing it, right? As plants come online, as they book, as it becomes a reality, the market tightens up. A big part of that got to play out in the second half. And I think, as you see it play out, then you'll see it be – the inverse comes out of the market. But it's a second half 2021 and then on into 2022. 
Kenneth Zaslow: So, you think that over the next half, you'll actually see it in the forward curve more than you're seeing it now. Is that fair?
Gregory Heckman: No. The market is going to do its work. But, yeah, you'd have to believe that. That's not what the market is telling you today. But I think that's what a lot of people believe. And so, that's what we'll continue to watch it develop.
Kenneth Zaslow: The second question is, your growth CapEx, can you talk about what were the key projects that you've done and what type of returns you'll get over what timeframe, so we could put a little quantitative thoughts on that. That'd be helpful. 
John Neppl: More of the projects we're focusing on right now are really debottlenecking and smaller, I would say, organic growth projects inside our existing facility. So, nothing greenfield at this point. But everything that we do needs a double-digit return. A lot of those projects that are underway today probably won't be additive until next year. But we look at long term and obviously in first year of startup, those projects never hit the ground running, but certainly over the long run, they're solid, double-digit returns on projects is what we expect. So, that's principally what we've been doing right now is really focused on debottlenecking type projects. 
Gregory Heckman: When you think about those assets, whether it's a debottlenecking, those are the highest returning and you can do those the quickest and lowest risk is the brownfield that comes into the next category or if you're looking to greenfield, but they've all got to meet that hurdle rate.
Kenneth Zaslow: When you think about for 2020 – let's just go back to some base number. In 2022, as your CapEx comes in, will that be incremental by 2% to 3%, 5% to 10%, 10% to 15%? How do I think about how that plays out in 2022 with all the CapEx? And I'll leave it there. I appreciate it.
John Neppl: So, you're talking 2021 CapEx and how that will impact 2022?
Kenneth Zaslow: No. Yeah, but the returns, how incremental will that be on 2022? Look, you've been laying down some of the pea protein, infrastructure for renewable diesel, all the things you've been doing. I think some of it's going to come to fruition in 2022. Is that worth a couple of hundred basis points of growth? Is it worth 500? Like, just curious to see what you're thinking about in 2022, in 2023 from these projects?
John Neppl: Probably a good way to think about it is we're going to spend just a little more than $200 million this year in growth capital. And some of that's going to come online early next year, some of it late next year. Some of it maybe even the following year. Part of that is the protein space. It's a little bit slower growth. Some of it will be in, as I mentioned before, debottlenecking type projects that are going to be historic fairly quickly. I think probably a fair rule of thumb would be to assume mid double-digit return on capital and probably lagging in at ratably over next year to where by the end of next year most of the capital we spend this year, probably a majority of it, will be up and running by the end of next year. Some of it will carry out beyond that. But it's a list of a lot of detailed projects. So it's hard just to give you one simple answer.
Operator: There are no more questions in the queue. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Ann Wisener for any closing remarks. 
Ruth Ann Wisener : Thanks for your interest in Bunge. And if you have any questions, feel free to reach out to us. 
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bunge Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Elisa and thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website as well. I would like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge’s Chief Executive Officer and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann and good morning everyone. Turning to Slide 3, you will see the agenda for today’s call. I will start with some highlights of our 2020 accomplishments and a look into 2021 before handing over to John, who will go into more detail on our outstanding performance and outlook. I will then share some closing thoughts before opening the line for your questions. Let’s start with an overview of the year, turning to Slide 4. We have to begin any discussion around 2020 performance with a big congratulations and thank you to the entire Bunge team. When we started the transformation, we had a specific plan for turning the company into the highly functioning, successful organization we all knew it could be. The team has embraced the process of driving operational performance, optimizing our portfolio and strengthening our financial discipline. And they did it during one of the most challenging environments in recent history. Thanks to the team’s incredible focus and adaptability, this is our strongest performance on record to date, building on our positive earnings trend over the last 24 months. As we go through the results for the year, you will see the power of the new Bunge. One of the significant changes we made was transforming our operating model to improve visibility and speed to act. As a result, the commercial and industrial teams are better coordinated, helping us to maximize our assets. In 2020, outside of Argentina, we processed record volumes in soy and softseed crush. Our commercial teams ensured our plants had the supplies they needed. And our industrial teams reduced unplanned downtime at the facilities by more than 30% year-over-year in soy and approximately 20% year-over-year in softseeds. This improved capacity utilization brought immediate financial benefits without a significant additional use of capital. This is just one example of how this more global approach has improved our network efficiency. We were also better able to capitalize on market and customer opportunities as they arose throughout the year. As COVID lockdowns changed consumer eating habits, we quickly adjusted our production to help some of the world’s leading brands continue to keep their products on the store shelves. We also worked closely with our foodservice customers as they continued to adapt to the changing demand patterns. Agility is also critical as we continue to look at how our vital work can be done more sustainably. We’re proud to be an industry leader in protecting the environment in areas where we operate. We are a leading supplier of certified deforestation-free soy from Brazil. And as we work to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in our operations, we’re converting more facilities over to wind and solar power. For instance, our corn and soybean processing plants in Kansas run on wind today, and we recently announced a deal to use renewable energy at our Fort Worth, Texas packaging facility. As we look at our assets, we have now announced all of the significant portfolio optimization actions we originally identified. With these major changes behind us, we can now shift our focus to continuous improvement and growth opportunities. In the immediate future, we know that COVID will still be with us. We continue to remain focused on our top priority of protecting our team, their families and communities. Our global and regional COVID crisis teams continue to meet regularly to make sure our operations have the resources and tools needed to keep our employees safe so we can continue to serve our customers. Now let’s turn to our results on Slide 5. With our strong team and unmatched platform, we’ve created a resilient model for moving forward. This quarter and the full year really highlighted the earnings power of that platform, benefited from improving trends throughout the year and we are able to move quickly to capture the opportunities as they presented themselves in markets around the world. During the year, we saw demand-led markets with higher volumes, volatility and prices. And with our platform and operating model, including our industry-leading risk management, we captured upside well above our earnings baseline. In the fourth quarter, Agribusiness benefited from a better-than-expected market environment, with particularly strong results in our North American operations, driven by higher oilseed crush and elevation margins. In Edible Oils, we realized exceptional margins in our Brazilian consumer business and also benefited from increasing demand from bio-diesel in South America and renewable diesel in the U.S., continued to innovate to deliver solutions that benefit our customers on both ends of the supply chain, consumers and farmers. And a great example of this is Karibon, a shea-based substitute for cocoa butter we launched in the fourth quarter, a sustainably sourced ingredient that also benefits the communities in Africa where we source shea. 2020 also demonstrated the power of our approach to risk management. There will always be volatility in the industry, but our approach to risk management allows us to capture the upside of that volatility and protect against most of the downside. While we won’t always manage it perfectly, this approach is what makes our model unique and powerful. This strength will be critical as we look ahead into 2021. Many of the conditions that helped drive our success in 2020 remain in place today, but we don’t have clear visibility into the second half of the year. And while we don’t expect all of the conditions that existed in 2020 to repeat in 2021, we do expect to deliver adjusted EPS of at least $6 per share. Our team will be closely watching the key factors that could impact our forecast, including changes in demand, crop production and a post-COVID recovery. And with that, I will hand the call over to John to walk through the financial results in detail and we will then close with some additional thoughts on 2021.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Let’s turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 6. Our reported fourth quarter earnings per share, was $3.74 compared to a loss of $0.48 in the fourth quarter of 2019. Adjusted EPS was $3.05 in the fourth quarter versus $1.69 in the prior year. Our reported results included a net gain of $0.59, primarily related to our previously announced sale of our Brazilian margarine and mayonnaise assets as well as the impact of an indirect tax credit related to the favorable resolution of a tax claim. For the full year, 2020 earnings per share was $7.71 versus a loss of $9.34 in 2019. Adjusted full year EPS was $8.30 versus $4.76 in the prior year. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $637 million in the quarter versus adjusted EBIT of $467 million in the prior year, driven by strong performances in our Agribusiness and Edible Oil segments. Agribusiness closed out an excellent year with a very strong fourth quarter. Higher Oilseeds results were primarily driven by softseed processing, where earnings were higher in all regions, driven by robust veg oil demand and record capacity utilization. Soy processing results were in line with the prior year as improvements in our North American and Asian operations were offset by South America and Europe. In Grains, higher results were primarily driven by our North American operations, which benefited from strong export demand and exceptional execution of logistics. Results also benefited from favorable risk management and optimization in our global trading and distribution business. In South America, earnings decreased largely due to lower origination volumes as farmers had accelerated sales earlier in the year in response to the spike in local prices. Edible Oils finished out what turned out to be an excellent year with very strong results of $113 million, up $38 million compared to last year, primarily driven by higher margins in our consumer business in Brazil as a result of tight supply and strong demand. Higher results in North America were largely due to increased demand from renewable diesel sector and higher contributions with our key customers. Results were also higher in Asia, driven by lower costs. Earnings declined in Europe due to lower margins. In Milling, lower results in the quarter were driven by North America, which was impacted by lower volumes and margins as well as a loss of earnings from our rice milling operation which was sold during the quarter. Results in South America were in line with last year as higher volumes were offset by lower margins. Fertilizer also had a strong quarter with results of $32 million, similar to 2019, finishing off a very strong year. Total adjusted EBIT for corporate and other for the quarter was comprised of a negative $81 million from corporate and $2 million from other. This compares to a negative $95 million from corporate and negative $60 million from other for the prior year. The decrease in corporate expenses during the quarter was primarily related to the timing of performance-based compensation accruals in the prior year. The increase in other reflects the prior year impact of our Beyond Meat investment. Results for our 50-50 joint venture with BP benefited from higher year-over-year average ethanol prices in local currency as well as improved industrial efficiency. Earnings in the fourth quarter of last year benefited from lower depreciation due to our Brazilian Sugar & Bioenergy operations being classified as held for sale. For the quarter and year ended December 31, 2020, income tax expense was $97 million and $248 million, respectively; compared to $16 million and $86 million, respectively, for the prior year. The increase in income tax expense during 2020 was primarily due to higher pretax income. Adjusting for notable items, the effective tax rate for the year was just under 17%. The effective tax rate was lower than our prior forecast primarily due to earnings mix. Debt interest expense of $66 million was slightly higher than our prior forecast due to increased short-term borrowings to support higher commodity prices and volumes. Let’s turn to Slide 7. Here, you can see our positive earnings trend, adjusted for notable items and timing differences, over the past 4 years, reflecting the execution of our strategy to drive operational performance, optimize our portfolio and strengthen financial discipline. Slide 8 compares our full year 2020 adjusted SG&A to the prior year. We achieved underlying addressable SG&A savings of $50 million toward our savings target of $50 million to $60 million as established in our June business update. While we are pleased with our progress, we recognize a portion of the savings was accelerated due to COVID-19-related restrictions, such as reduced travel. However, we are confident we won’t return to pre-pandemic levels as we have all learned to operate differently, and we will continue our focus on further streamlining the business. The net increase of $90 million in specified items reflects a significant increase in performance-based compensation accruals due to our improved financial performance this year, slightly offset by other items such as inflation and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. Moving to Slide 9, for the full year 2020, our cash generation, excluding notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, were strong with approximately $1.9 billion of adjusted funds from operations. The cash flow generation enabled us to comfortably fund our cash obligations over the year and apply retained cash of $1.1 billion to reduce debt. Slide 10 summarizes our capital allocation of adjusted funds from operations. After allocating $254 million to sustaining CapEx to include maintenance, environmental health and safety and $34 million of preferred dividends, we had approximately $1.6 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $282 million in common dividends to shareholders, invested $111 million in growth and productivity CapEx and bought back $100 million of our stock. As shown previously, the remaining cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion was used to strengthen our balance sheet in support of our credit rating objective of BBB/Baa2. Moving on to Slide 11, the $1.1 billion of retained cash flow offset a portion of our $3.1 billion of cash outflow this year for working capital. As a result, net debt rose by $2.2 billion over the course of the year. The growth in working capital primarily reflects an increase in readily marketable inventories resulting from higher commodity prices and our deliberate decision to increase volumes to optimize earnings potential. As the slide shows, our availability under committed credit lines remained largely unchanged, leaving us with ample liquidity as we enter 2021. As you can see on Slide 12, at the end of the fourth quarter, only 9% of our net debt was used to fund uses other than readily marketable inventories. This compares to 17% last year. Please turn to Slide 13. For 2020, adjusted ROIC was 15.9% or 9.3 percentage points over our RMI-adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%, and up from 9.7% in 2019. ROIC was 12.2% or 6.2 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6% and well above our stated target of 9%. The widening spread between these return metrics reflects how we have been effectively using merchandising RMI as a tool to generate incremental profit. As a reminder, we have adjusted these return metrics to exclude the impact of changes in foreign exchange rates on book equity as of year-end 2018. We believe this provides a clearer picture of our economic performance from the management actions we have taken over the past 2 years. Moving to Slide 14, here you can see our cash flow yield trend, which emphasizes cash generation measured against our cost of equity of 7%. For the year ending December 31, 2020, we produced a cash flow yield of nearly 26%, up from 13.4% at year end 2019. Please turn to Slide 15 and our 2021 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, taking into account the current margin environment and forward curves, we expect full year 2021 adjusted EPS of at least $6 per share. In Agribusiness, full year results are expected to be down from 2020, primarily driven by lower contributions from oilseed processing and origination primarily in Brazil. While we are not forecasting the same unique environment or magnitude of opportunities that we captured during 2020, we do see some potential upside to our outlook resulting from strong demand and tight commodity supplies. In Edible Oils, full year results are expected to be comparable to last year. Higher results in the North American business, driven by a recovery in foodservice and increased renewable diesel demand, are expected to be offset by lower results in our consumer business in Brazil. In Milling, full year results are expected to be in line with last year. In Fertilizer, full year results are expected to be down from a strong prior year. In non-core, full year results in our Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture are expected to be a positive contributor, driven by improved sugar and Brazilian ethanol prices. Additionally, the company expects the following for 2021: an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 22%; debt interest expense in the range of $230 million to $240 million; capital expenditures in the range of $425 million to $475 million; and depreciation and amortization of approximately $415 million. With that, I will turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to offer a few closing thoughts. We set ambitious goals for Bunge’s transformation and we can see the results from the changes we made. Now that we have completed the majority of the actions we originally laid out, we are able to focus on continuous improvement and growing the business across the cycle as we move forward. As we did in 2020, we are going to be leveraging our platform and the operating model we’ve put in place and look for the opportunities ahead of us as we work effectively to capture the upside and minimize the downside. Looking over the longer term, we remain excited about the structural shift we are seeing in the consumer demand for food, feed and fuel. In particular, we are focusing on four primary areas of growth: Oilseed processing and origination; renewable feedstock for bio-fuels; plant protein ingredients; and plant lipid ingredients, which is our specialty fats and oils. And with our global platform, culture of innovation and oilseeds leadership, we believe we are in a unique position to benefit from those trends. The leadership team and I are incredibly proud of the entire Bunge team’s continued focus on execution. And while 2021 will surely present different challenges and opportunities, I am confident we have the right platform. And I look forward to continuing to work together to maximize Bunge’s full potential. And with that, we will open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: My first question is you have talked about your cost structure and that you are able to improve less downtime. And if I kind of – you just use it relative to the $5 number, not that I believe the $5 number, but just using it as a baseline, how would you say that cost structure, the reduction of the cost structure, has improved that $5 number in terms of improvements relative to where you started out a year ago?
Greg Heckman: I will let John talk to the number, but let me clarify a little bit when we talk about running the assets and some of the differences that it’s made, Ken. I mean, I can’t say enough of how the industrial and commercial teams and the coordination. I mean, we are really, I should say, sweating the assets. I mean the focus on getting the right quality there, of course, driving yields. You look at the commercial – the industrial team having those assets up and ready to run by reducing our unplanned downtime, you look at the commercial coordination and reducing the commercial downtime, and that’s all capacity utilization that you’re seeing. So that’s even before cost improvements. And then the managing the planned downtime to the right times of the year to make sure that we capture the highest-margin times and that we’re doing our turnarounds, our maintenance, in those lower times. And that’s one that we even see some additional opportunity and focus here into 2021. So just the way that we are operating, I think even before you start talking about the systemic changes we are making in costs, are really important and I want to really give credit to the team.
John Neppl: Yes. Ken, more specifically, we – from a – one of the things we look at obviously is variable cost per metric ton. And we saw improvement this year of a little under $1 a ton overall. Part of that was FX-related benefit. But I would say overall, we believe roughly around $30 million of benefit just on the variable cost side here year-over-year due to improved efficiency on that side. And then on the fixed side, we made some improvement there as well not as much, but that’s an area that’s going to be a strong focus here heading forward.
Ken Zaslow: Would you say that would be at least a – relative to your baseline number, is that a $0.20, $0.30 improvement or is it a $0.10? Can you put it into some sort of framework? And then I have one fundamental question.
John Neppl: Yes. I would say that we had a little bit of that built into our $5 baseline. We are probably a little ahead of schedule on that, but I would say it’s probably maybe $0.10, $0.15. I don’t know if that would be anymore than that yet, but we are going to keep pushing on it.
Greg Heckman: Ken if you think about the self-help on the $5 versus the $6 baseline, we are on track there. I would say the food is on track there. One improvement we will probably see in B2B will probably be offset by lower B2C on the edible oils side, but it’s really around better crush margins on both soy and soft is really the difference between the baseline of $5 and what we’re calling on at least $6 for next year. Those are the big drivers.
Ken Zaslow: And then my second question is, the renewable diesel, what I am seeing in the edible oils market is that edible oil – or oil is actually trading ahead of the cash bean oil market. And that’s my understanding of that. Do you think that’s driven by the renewable diesel side of it and does that seem sustainable? And is that completely included in how you are looking at the forecast, just because that’s something that to me is incremental in how to look at the renewable diesel impact on both crush margins as well as your edible oils business? And I’ll leave it there.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Look, let me start by saying that this renewable diesel demand is structural, right. This is going to be long-term. That being said, we only saw a little bit of the effect of that in 2020. We will really see that starting to come online and feel that effect in 2021. In ‘20, we had tightening balance sheet globally on oil and a lot of that was driven around palm and a little bit was sun in the Black Sea and then of course what’s been going on with Argentine crush. But we will really start feeling the demand from the renewable diesel capacity coming on here in 2021 and with the investments that are being made, yes that is a structural shift. That is multiyear. And we are – look, we are glad to be basic in all of the global oils because there is no doubt with what’s coming and the shift in demand, that there will be reformulation happening with the different oils that they can use on the renewable side. The food industry has always been one that has been able to reformulate bases on price and functionality. So there will be a lot of reformulation and change and dislocation going on and frankly being basic in all the oils, including the tropical oils, the Bunge portfolio is really made for this and to help our customers be successful. So we are looking forward to working with them and helping them win.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, good morning everybody.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ben.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to start by asking about the CapEx guidance, obviously up year-over-year, but still lower than historical CapEx spend. One, is this a more reasonable run-rate around the capital intensity of the business? And two, within that kind of midpoint of $450 million for CapEx, where are the priorities lying where do you see the highest return projects within the portfolio and do you see that evolving over time?
John Neppl: Yes. Thanks, Ken. I think the way to look at it, the fourth – this last year our CapEx was the lowest it’s been in many years. And so that was indicative really of COVID impact on the growth side. The spending that we had on maintenance, around $250 million on maintenance, safety, health, environmental, I think that’s a pretty good benchmark on the maintenance side. Generally, it has been historically around $250 million a year. Where we really spending was down was on the growth and productivity side and we do expect that to expand here in 2021, which is why we are providing guidance for, to your point, the midpoint of $450 million, which I think is more indicative of our ongoing rate. In terms of specific areas where we are going to focus, I mean, Greg touched on kind of the four key areas for us where we are really going to focus going forward, core oilseeds business, continuing to maintain strong position there globally. Obviously, with the renewable diesel opportunities out there, we do expect to allocate some capital to that area and plant-based proteins is an area that we have been spending some time. We have some projects in the pipeline there as well and then under our plant lipids or our specialty fats and oils business as well. And so we have a lot in the pipeline. The $450 million is kind of a guideline for us now, but it’s going to be based on opportunity. The number could be higher if the opportunities are better and they meet our hurdle requirements, but if we don’t find enough good projects, we won’t spend the money. So – but I think right now, it’s a pretty good guess.
Greg Heckman: The one other thing I would like to say about as we make those capital decisions, I mean, the one big thing that’s changed really is around disciplined process and looking at the alternatives that we have. And so remember, we are adding up and looking at all of the opportunities at the global level. There is no allocation regionally or by business. So, every business is competing for that capital. We have added discipline around looking at the scenario analysis and the stress testing and stressing all the assumptions in a project so that we are really comfortable when we put long-lived capital to work. And then by having the different areas that we have talked about where we see the growth opportunities, of course, in our core business, in the oilseed crushing, especially fats and oils, but these are big trends that are definitely in place here on renewable diesel and on plant protein. So, that allows us to be very thoughtful and make choices where the returns are right and the risk profile is right. We don’t have to reach and take chances on projects that don’t make sense.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, great. Understood. My second question is a little bit more near-term-oriented on the fundamentals. Obviously, we’ve got a delayed soybean harvest out of Brazil and delayed planting on the safrinha corn crop. We’ve seen continued strong corn buying year-to-date from China. How do you think about how the first quarter and first half of this year look like between U.S. and South America origination business? And then if you could just tie that into what you’re seeing in terms of how that’s impacting the overall global crushing business. I know we’ve seen China crush margins come in on lack of soybean availability. The forward – U.S. forward crush is weakened as we go out along the curve. What should we be mindful of in this kind of unusual transitory period?
Greg Heckman: Sure. I think the first thing is this isn’t going to solve itself with one crop in South America, or even two crops with the South American crop and then the North American crops. So yes, you have hit on the key things here. We’ve got to get the crop harvested in Brazil, get the safrinha planted. We need that to be a good crop. We need Argentina to continue to finish out strongly. And then we’ll see the fight for acres in North America, and we need to see that crop get planted and develop appropriately. So these balance sheets are really tightened up in the last year, and they’re going to stay that way. And that’s been good for margins throughout the entire global system. And so we expect to continue to see that here as we work through 2021. As you say, on the processing front, the market is sending the different signals, right? It’s sending the signal now that we need some of the crush in Argentina. And we need Argentina to run a little bit harder this year to provide some of that supply that the market needs to get back into balance. And we don’t know exactly how it will play out, but what we do know is I’m really glad we’ve got the global footprint that we do have and the team that we’ve got running it. So we’re looking forward to the challenge and the opportunity.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Congrats on 2020. Good luck in 2021.
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning everyone. 
Greg Heckman: Hey, good morning, Adam
Adam Samuelson: So I guess my question is going to be around the 2021 outlook of $6 plus. And I guess I’m trying to think about it on a year-on-year basis a little bit, maybe differently from Ken coming from that $5 baseline perspective. So you did $8.30 adjusted in 2020. And I believe that included about $0.50 of FX-related losses in sugar in the first half of the year. If I look at the Food & Ingredients businesses, kind of the base sugar, tax, interest, kind of everything but Agribusiness, the net would be kind of neutral, maybe slightly net negative. So kind of your year-on-year baseline is, kind of adjusting for that FX piece, maybe $8.50-ish. And so if that’s true, to get to the $6, you would be implying a $500 or so million decline in EBIT in Agribusiness. And I’m just trying to make sure I’m thinking about kind of the year-on-year drivers of the bridge and just helping frame kind of the range of outcomes within Agribusiness. Because that seems like a pretty steep fall for a market environment that will obviously be somewhat different than last year, but again, some of the underlying tightness and demand drivers that had benefited you still seem to be very much intact. So I’m just trying to reconcile that a little bit?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes. I think what you said in Edible Oils is correct. What we’re seeing, we don’t expect the consumer, the B2C part of Edible Oils, to be as good this year. But we think that will be more than offset by the foodservice and the B2B side of the business. So yes, that’s about scratch. And then while we’re definitely entering 2021 with some excellent momentum, we see a better start here to Q1 than the start we had and what we could see last year at this same time for Q1 in 2020. As usual, we don’t have the visibility to the balance of the year. And the other thing to think about is we did see – we talked about our platform really benefits from dislocation, higher prices, higher volumes, higher volatility, and we definitely saw that in 2020. We also saw a marketing pattern with the move in the real and the way the south – the Brazilian farmer marketed. That would be hard to imagine. That’s not happening the same way. And we doubt that will happen the same way. So part of it is the setup of the market, part of it is the market has made a move to these higher prices and higher volatilities and is making some adjustments. So while the overall environment, definitely better than we’ve seen for years, we don’t have full visibility into the second half, and it would be hard to recreate kind of everything to happen the way it did in 2020. But I’ll tell you, we’re optimistic. I feel way better about making the call at least $6 at this time this year than the call we were making, which was lower for 2020 at the same time last year. So look, we are optimistic. We feel good, but we’re also measured and there’s a lot of moving pieces.
John Neppl: And Adam, I might just add on, that I think you were really close on your pieces. The one thing that you didn’t mention, we had a tax rate this year of about 16.5%, and we’re calling guidance for 2021 to be between 20% and 22%. So that would have a bit of an impact as well.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. No, no, that’s helpful. Okay. And then I guess the second question is just thinking on the capital allocation front, and really two parts. One, with the net debt balance rising given the opportunities in readily marketable inventories, is there opportunities to maybe – more of your net debt is actually long-term in nature. Is there an opportunity maybe to get the cost of that down if you bring that maturity in a little bit, just to more match the duration of the liability? And second, just thinking about kind of the opportunity for more offensive capital allocation and kind of how we should think about maybe share repurchases figuring into that mix this year. Thank you.
John Neppl: So from a debt standpoint, we’ve been spending a lot of time looking at the right mix and the right duration of our debt portfolio. I think we’ve been able to, for example in August, when we issued our $600 million in bonds in August it was at just over 1.5%, was the lowest we’ve ever printed on bonds. And so thinking about the long-term, rates are really favorable in the near-term to lock in long-term. At the same time, we have all of the debt capacity that we’ve added here in Q4 and after Q4 has all been short-term in nature. So we are still trying to sort out the right balance there going forward, not based on just the current environment, but also what we expect over – maybe over the next 5 to 10 years. And so we’ll continue to look at that. I think that we feel pretty good about our net debt cost today. But as we go forward here and look at some of our maturing debt in the next couple of years, we’re going to look at what are the long-term rates versus short-term. And there’s a chance to take some risk out of refinancing, obviously, if you take some debt out longer, but we haven’t come to the final conclusion on that yet. In terms of allocation of capital, just as a reminder, our main priority right now is to get our ratings back to where we want them. We’ve been committed to investment-grade credit rating. We’re there with S&P, but we’re a notch below with Moody’s and Fitch where we’d like to be. So we continue to make sure that our capital policy and our capital allocation will fit into that objective, first and foremost. But then once we get beyond that, we really look at 3 buckets. One is our dividend, and we haven’t raised our dividend in almost 3 years. It will be 3 years in May. So we – like we do every year, we talk to the Board at our May Board meeting about the dividend and our policy, and we’ll revisit that this year and take a hard look at it. Secondly, we always want to look for good growth opportunities. And Greg mentioned pipeline. And I think we’ve got a good pipeline of opportunities across our 4 segment – the 4 focus areas. They have to make sense for us to do them. And if they don’t, we won’t. And then ultimately, share buybacks are always on the table. And so that’s part of the mix. If I think about dividends, growth, capital and share buybacks, we’ll be assessing all of that together as we go forward.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I really appreciate all that color. I will pass it on. Thank you.
John Neppl: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Simonitsch: Thanks. Good morning everyone.
Greg Heckman: Hey, good morning, Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: Can I just ask what are your assumptions around crush margins in 2021 relative to the historical $34 a ton soy and $40 a ton softseed margins you highlighted in June and how did your 2020 margin shape up against those historical averages?
Greg Heckman: Yes. So we ended up finishing the year at $40 on a comparable basis to the $34 we had in the model for soy at the $5 baseline. And right now, we’re looking at soy being a couple of dollars better than the $34 baseline. Of course, not much visibility in the second half, but we don’t expect it to be as good as this year on what we realize, we – with our execution around the footprint, we realized better than market, but we’re expecting it to be better than the $34. And we’ll see how it rolls out here a quarter at a time.
Tom Simonitsch: And on the softseed side?
Greg Heckman: Soft was strong last year, and we expect it to be a little bit better than baseline as well.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay, thank you. And then just one quick one, if you wouldn’t mind elaborating on the weaker Q4 margins in North America Milling?
John Neppl: Just really timing, I think it was a little bit of everything. No big problem overall. Of course, we sold rice, which came part out of the Milling. Of course, we had the Brazilian diesel out and then we had a little bit lower volume there. And I guess you were asking U.S. We had lower volumes there in the U.S., were really the driver. And then we’ve continued to struggle down in Mexico, and some of that’s volume, and some of that’s mix as well on some of our premix business.
Tom Simonitsch: Thanks very much. I will pass it on.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Theurer of Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Thanks. Good morning everybody and congrats first of all on the strong results.
John Neppl: Thank you. Good morning.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, Ben.
Ben Theurer: So, two questions. So one, just to stay along the crush business, can you share an outlook on the Brazilian crush? I mean, just to understand a little bit where they are heading to, what your expectations are and what it means in comparison to the U.S. I mean, I think the commentary is more of a general piece, but to dig into a little bit into the Brazilian situation right now? That would be my first question.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Currently, spot margin in the 30 in Brazil, but it’s been very volatile down there. And of course, part of that’s Argentina continues to be constricted and running at low values. We’ll expect Brazil to stay strong here in the first half. And then the key that we’re really watching on the second half is going to be on the bean export demand.
Ben Theurer: And then just coming back, and you’ve mentioned about the whole opportunities and the outlook on renewable diesel, and like tying in a little bit the question around CapEx and what you’ve also been doing on the portfolio reshape. And clearly, you’re gearing up more to be – well, to go out to actually add new businesses, drive margins here. So just in the light of that, how should we think about CapEx into the business of renewable diesel? Where do you see opportunities and how does this combine to the potential sale of what you now say is non-core, Sugar & Bioenergy, but you still give guidance for next year? So shall we think that’s just going to keep on because it’s been doing well and you take the cash for CapEx or is that an additional potential source of funding going forward?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Let me take renewable diesel here in North America first. Look, the first things we’ll do is, of course, we’re working with those new customers and that new demand and helping to get them supplied as they bring those plants up. The other thing is, of course, we’ll look – the cheapest capacity and the highest-returning projects we had are debottlenecking at our existing facilities and of course been looking at those projects. So we’ll do those. That’s only incremental demand – or incremental volume to meet that demand. But those are low-risk, high-returning projects, so of course, we’ll do those. And then we will work with the customers backwards as we analyze the market and see where those investments make sense. But the first things will probably be around logistics, around tankage, maybe something in our refineries to free up capacity. So we’re going to be very thoughtful and show a lot of discipline. Which this industry needs to do, is being thoughtful about how we serve this growing demand that is structural and is going to be in place. And then as far as Sugar & Bioenergy, team is doing a great job down there. We got a great partner in BP. We are seeing the overall environment improve down there in both ethanol and sugar prices and the global balance sheets there. So that looks like a good outlook for that. That doesn’t change our long-term plans there, which at the appropriate time we will exit that business and reinvest the proceeds back into the balance of our portfolio.
Ben Theurer: Perfect. Well, that’s very key. Well, thank you very much and congrats again and good luck for 2021.
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Steven Haynes: Hi. This is Steven Haynes on for Vincent. Just want to ask a quick question in regards to the $6 guidance. And you did a really good job in 2020 of – in terms of risk management, limiting the downside, but still being able to cash in on a very attractive operating environment. So can you help us think about how you’re positioned, I guess, for the first half versus kind of the underlying kind of earnings opportunity within crush?
Greg Heckman: Yes. As you know, crush, generally, is kind of the closing quarter is where you’ve got the majority hedged up. With the outlook, the markets usually – crush margins inverted and not as much visibility out front. So we continue to look at the opportunities and think about how we believe that we need to position those assets to manage those earnings at risk, which is kind of our maniacal focus. We continue to stay focused on ensuring that we’re managing those earnings at risk based on the environment we’re in and the earnings power of the asset base. And we like the environment. We like the momentum coming in with Q1 starting out stronger, but it’s a little different world than we’ve seen here for a few years. And we are glad to be doing it with this team.
Steven Haynes: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Ann Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thanks for your interest in Bunge and joining the call today. If you have further questions, feel free to reach out.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Wisener: Thank you, Elisa, and thank you for joining us this morning for our third quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 3. You can see the agenda for today's call. I'll start with an overview of the third quarter, then hand it over to John who'll go into more details on our performance. I'll then share how we're thinking about the rest of the year in 2021 before opening the line for your questions. So let's start with the quarter, turning to Slide 4. We had an exceptional quarter, and I couldn't be more proud of our team's outstanding execution. We achieved record crush utilization across our global footprint, and we remain agile, identifying opportunities and moving quickly to capture them as market conditions evolved. These results and our performance over the past few quarters reflect the meaningful changes we've made with a more global integrated operating model, improved portfolio and increased financial discipline. This is even more impressive considering our COVID protocols and how many members of the team have been working remotely. During the quarter, we continued rewiring the way we do business, and we made further progress on our portfolio initiative with additional announcements expected before the end of the year. With most of the work to divest of our noncore assets behind us, we're now able to look ahead and effectively address our business needs down the road. On an ongoing basis, we'll look for opportunities to continuously improve our portfolio to ensure we're well positioned over the long term. Last quarter, we called out a number of drivers that could change our outlook for the third quarter. In most cases, the movements were positive. And the team did a great job of adjusting as things developed. On crush margin curves, we noted they've begun to increase. That improvement continued through the quarter in several regions, and margins ended the quarter much higher than the forward curves indicated in July. The tightening of vegetable oil across the complex we noted last quarter continued, particularly in South America and Europe. We've seen the demand for oil improve in the food channel as we move through the COVID environment and has been widely noted. Biofuels are creating incremental demand. We noted China was purchasing aggressively in the U.S., and we saw continued strong soybean flows to China, which helped to further tighten global supplies. We also saw China start buying corn. The impact of the situation in Argentina on our business is largely unchanged from last quarter. While the current environment does not allow us to fully utilize our Argentine system, we have flexed our global platform to meet customer demands. Finally, we noted that many customers were in the spot market. As we moved through the third quarter, customers begin to lock in their needs. And as I said, our ag and food teams did a great job executing as we helped customers at both ends of the value chain manage their risks. Our teams continue to do an excellent job collaborating with our customers to find solutions to their evolving needs related to COVID. We believe this quarter fully demonstrates that we have the right portfolio and the right team focused on the right things. Internally, we're faster, more efficient and more data-driven than ever. We've internalized our approach to risk management over the past 18 months, and it's become ingrained in the way our teams do their jobs on a day-to-day basis throughout our value chains. Before handing it over to John, I just want to stress that in our view, the team's execution was nearly flawless this quarter. Based on Q3 results and improving market trends, we now expect that we'll end the year with adjusted EPS in the range of $6.25 to $6.75. And while we can't assume everything will always go perfectly given the inherent volatility in the global ag business, we are confident in our ability to protect our margins on the downside, manage our earnings at risk and expand on both when the opportunity exists. And with that, I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through the financial results in detail, and we'll then close with some additional thoughts on the rest of the year and 2021.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. You may have noticed that we made an additional change to the format of our earnings press release. We have included a line item for mark-to-market timing differences that will provide a clearer assessment of company quarterly and year-to-date results. Note that our adjusted results, which in the past have excluded certain gains and charges, will now also exclude mark-to-market timing differences. We also adjusted the prior year accordingly. We think this change further improves transparency and will help your understanding of our financial performance. Now let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Our reported third quarter earnings per share was $1.84 compared to a loss of $10.57 in the third quarter of 2019. Adjusted EPS was $2.47 in the third quarter versus $1.28 in the prior year. Our reported results included a $0.14 income tax benefit related to the reversal of a deferred tax valuation asset and $0.85 of negative mark-to-market timing differences that were excluded to arrive at adjusted EPS. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was $581 million in the quarter versus adjusted EBIT of $287 million in the prior year primarily driven by results in agribusiness where adjusted EBIT was $467 million compared to $174 million last year. As Greg noted, higher agribusiness results in the quarter reflected strong execution throughout the value chains, especially in managing the capacity of our assets, global trade flows and risks. In Oilseeds, soy crush results were higher in South America, Europe and Asia where margins expanded from strong meal and vegetable oil demand, partially offset by slightly lower results in the U.S. Softseed processing results increased in all regions driven by the increase in vegetable oil prices and record capacity utilization. Lower variable per unit costs also contributed to improved performance. Results in our oilseeds trading and distribution operations were up compared to last year due to increased margins and favorable positioning. Results in Grains improved, primarily driven by origination in South America, which benefited from strong execution and farmer selling as crop prices in local currency increased during the quarter. In Edible Oils, results of $67 million trended favorably and were up $16 million or about 30% from the second quarter, but results were down from a strong year ago period. Higher earnings in Brazil and Asia, which benefited from improved demand in food processor and consumer retail channels, were more than offset by lower earnings in North America and Europe. Year-to-date adjusted EBIT was higher than last year, reflecting our broad diverse portfolio and the excellent execution of our teams during this challenging period of COVID-19-related lockdowns and restrictions. In Milling, higher results in Brazil, primarily driven by increased volumes, were slightly offset by lower margins in Mexico. Results in our U.S. operations were comparable to last year. In Fertilizer, higher segment results reflected improved performance in our Argentine operation driven by higher margins, partially offset by lower volumes. In Corporate and Other, total adjusted segment EBIT included expenses of $94 million from corporate and income of $2 million from other. This compared to expenses of $65 million from corporate and a loss of $4 million in other from the prior year. The increase in corporate expenses during the quarter was driven by higher performance-based compensation accruals on strong financial performance. Results for our 50-50 joint venture with BP benefited from higher year-over-year average sugar and ethanol prices in local currency as well as improved industrial efficiency and costs. Earnings in the third quarter of last year benefited from no depreciation as those assets were classified as held for sale. For the 3 and 9 months ended September 30, 2020, income tax expense was $38 million and $151 million, respectively, compared to a tax benefit of $28 million and expense of $70 million for the 3 and 9 months ended September 30, 2019, respectively. The increase in income tax expense during 2020 is driven by higher pretax income. Net interest expense of $51 million was in line with our expectations. Now let's turn to Slide 6. Here, you can see our positive earnings trend adjusted for notable items and timing differences over the past 3 full years along with the trailing 12-month performance for the 3 most recent quarter ends. Slide 7 compares our Q3 SG&A to the prior year. Adjusting for notable items, our SG&A this quarter was up $66 million, a significant increase in performance-based compensation accruals due to our improved financial performance as well as other specified items, such as inflation and foreign currency fluctuations, accounted for a net increase of $82 million, partially offset by underlying SG&A savings of $16 million. Moving to Slide 8. For the trailing 12-month period, our cash generation, excluding notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, were strong with approximately $1.6 billion of adjusted funds from operations. The cash flow generation enabled us to comfortably fund our cash obligations over the last 12 months and fund approximately $800 million of our increase in readily marketable inventories. As you can see on Slide 9, this allowed us to strengthen our balance sheet. At the end of the third quarter, 89% of our net debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories. This compares to about 70% last year. Turning to Slide 10. At the end of the quarter, we had committed credit facilities of approximately $4.3 billion with $3.6 billion available. And last week, we closed on a $1.25 billion revolving credit facility, of which $250 million is committed and $1 billion is uncommitted. This facility further strengthens our liquidity. In addition, we had a cash balance of $291 million at the end of the third quarter. Slide 11 summarizes our capital allocation. Year-to-date adjusted funds from operations, which excludes notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, was approximately $1.3 billion. After allocating $160 million to sustaining CapEx to include maintenance, environmental, health and safety and $25 million to preferred dividends, we had approximately $1.1 billion of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $212 million in common dividends to shareholders, invested $70 million in growth and productivity CapEx and during Q2, bought back $100 million of our stock. The remaining cash flow of approximately $730 million was used to strengthen our balance sheet. Please turn to Slide 12. On our business update in June, we introduced 2 complementary return metrics that we believe reflect performance of our business. One of those metrics is adjusted ROIC, which recognizes merchandising RMI as a tool to generate incremental profit. For the trailing 12 months, adjusted ROIC was 13.8% or 7.2 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 10.9%, 4.9 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6% and well above our stated target of 9%. Detailed calculations of these metrics are in the appendix of this presentation. Moving to Slide 13. The second complementary metric we introduced was cash flow yield, which is a ratio of discretionary cash flow to adjusted book equity. This measure emphasizes cash generation and complements other earnings and return metrics. Here, you can see cash flow yield over the last 3 full years as well as for the trailing 12 months for the 3 most recent quarter ends measured against our cost of equity of 7%. For the trailing 12-month period ending September 30, 2020, we produced a cash flow yield of 22%. Please turn to Slide 14 and our 2020 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, we now expect full year adjusted earnings, excluding notable items and mark-to-market timing differences, of between $6.25 and $6.75 a share. In Agribusiness, our improved outlook reflects our third quarter year-to-date results, the current market environment and forward curves. In Edible Oils, we now expect adjusted full year results to be up compared to last year due to strong performance of our consumer businesses and growing biofuel demand. Expected full year adjusted results in Milling continue to be in line with last year. In Fertilizer, we now expect full year adjusted results to be slightly higher than last year. Corporate and Other is expected to be comparable to last year when excluding Bunge Ventures. We also expect an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the range of 20% to 22%, net interest expense of approximately $230 million, capital expenditures in the range of $375 million to $400 million and depreciation and amortization of approximately $430 million. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. Before turning to Q&A, I want to give you a few closing thoughts. While we can't fully predict how the markets will evolve, based on what we see now, we expect many of the favorable trends to carry through the balance of 2020 and into 2021. Looking longer term, we expect underlying demand for our core products to remain strong. We also expect additional global demand for vegetable oil due to the growth of biofuels, both from conventional biodiesel as well as incremental growth in renewable diesel, which is a drop in fuel chemically identical to crude-based diesel. With our strength in oilseed processing, in addition to our worldwide origination and distribution capabilities, we're well positioned to meet market demands and capitalize on this growth. So in closing, we can tell you we're confident in the all changes we've made at Bunge. We're confident in our global platform, our operating model and our financial approach. And most importantly, we're confident in our team and their continuing ability to identify and capture the opportunities ahead of us. And with that, I'll open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Ben Bienvenu of Stephens Inc.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Congratulations on the results. So if we rewind back to this summer at your Investor Day, you outlined a $5 mid-cycle earnings number and embedded within that was a return to an average crush environment and $1 of self-help. I think your guidance clearly suggests, as with the fundamental environment more broadly, that you're above mid-cycle fundamentals. But I'm curious where you are in your journey to deliver against that $1 of self-help. And within that, I know deleveraging and repositioning the balance sheet is an important component of that self-help story. With these results, how do you think about getting to an investment-grade-rated debt profile? And what does that milestone mean for you in terms of capital allocation flexibility?
John Neppl: Thanks, Ben. This is John. I think we're well underway on the $1 of self-help. A couple of things yet that -- yet to close, the grain sale, of course, the proceeds from that and the proceeds from the merger in the mayo deal, neither of those are closed yet, which is part of the dollar balance sheet as we firm up the balance sheet. In terms of the cost savings side, I think we're well on our way there. We've shown good progress both on the SG&A side and on the industrial side. So we feel very confident that we'll get the 50% to 60% we talked about there. And then we're continuing to improve our underlying business in a number of ways. One of those was in specialty that we were focused on as part of that improvement. In terms of going forward and thinking about how we're performing relative to investment-grade credit rating, I think we are definitely heading in the right direction. I think our metrics continue to improve. We're having good dialogue with the rating agencies, and I think they're pleased with the progress. And so our goal, of course, is to get back to solid BBB with S&P on stable outlook and get an upgrade with Moody's. And again, I can't predict when that will happen, but I think we're doing all the right things. And ultimately, from a capital allocation standpoint, with the cash generation that we've been able to produce, we're taking a hard look at our -- what we need to do going forward here.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Great. My second question is related to the Sugar & Bioenergy business, which I know is not core to your business and by definition is noncore per your release. It wasn't included in the outlook. I know part of that is because it's noncore, but the results are materially improved. And I'm curious what you think that portends as it relates to the prospect of divesting that business and kind of how you think about your remaining business and kind of reallocation of funds if you were to consummate sale of the sugar business.
John Neppl: Well, I don't think the -- the recent improvement, certainly, while we're very happy with that, obviously, I don't think it changes our long-term plans with that business. The team that is running it, it's a very solid team. We've got a great partner in BP. So we're very happy with the current arrangement. But our goal long term, again, it hasn't changed, which is to divest to that business over time, whether through a sale to BP or an IPO or some other ultimate exit. But in the meantime, we'll continue to support them as best we can. Long term, we'll see what the opportunities are when that occurs. It's going to be at least 12 to 18 months out before something happens there most likely. And we'll see what opportunity we have with that capital at that point in time.
Benjamin Bienvenu: Okay. Great. And best of luck with the remainder of the year.
John Neppl: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess my first question, just trying to think about the current operating environment and kind of what you've put up in the third quarter, I mean it just seems like if I look at the fourth quarter outlook, especially given kind of how robust crush margins have trended, you're only seemingly implying the Agribusiness unit kind of about flat year-on-year. I want to make sure that's about right. Is that just the way you hedged? Or how may I think about kind of how strong crush margins have moved in the U.S. and Europe and certainly domestically in Brazil, just how that -- the crush outlook kind of really layers into your outlook right now?
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Yes. The nearby spot replacement margins definitely are very robust. And you're correct on your analysis of the fourth quarter, so a little less than last year right now. And we're looking at what the curves are telling us, right? We've seen increase in crush margins, of course, higher oil demand, higher meal demand. With prices up, it has moved the buyers' back spot, and the curves reflect that. So as it unfolds, we'll see how that works. If it continues to improve kind of a week and a month at a time here, sure, there's upside in Q4, absolutely, but that's not what it's telling us right now. And then, of course, the concern is, as COVID is kind of rearing its head again, what impact that will have. Now while we're watching it closely because, as we've talked about, it does affect demand for both food and fuel. We do think that as we've been through the cycle, once people adjust their supply chains, we still have people eating more at home than away from home, that the shift won't be as dramatic and that people are more prepared. So even with the roll-in, we're hoping that it doesn't have the same impact, but we are watching it closely.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful color. And then I guess my second question, something you alluded to in the prepared remarks, just on the opportunity with the growth in renewable diesel. And I was hoping if you can elaborate a little bit more on that and how you think Bunge is positioned to benefit there and assets in particular that might be advantaged and how you would think about or how the industry would think about crush capacity in the U.S. to sell that oil needs.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think Bunge is very well positioned. I mean the fact that this need will be met with vegetable oil and there'll be some adjustment depending on which oils are needed, there'll be adjustment in the food market as well as the market reformulates on those that can in the food and fuel to decide which oils they're going to use, but the bottom line is more demand, and that will be positive. And the fact that we work across the soy, all the soft oils and then also have palm in our portfolio, we think we're in a great position with our global platform to serve not only the growing fuel demand, but to continue to serve all of our food customers as well.
Operator: Next question is from Ben Theurer of Barclays.
Benjamin Theurer: Greg, John, first of all, congrats on the results. Clearly, that was a strong quarter. Just I had one question. It goes in line a little bit of what Adam was just asking about the dynamics into the fourth quarter and just to understand a little bit. We're seeing that strong demand and obviously, we're still trying to basically work through now through the crop from the U.S., and there's obviously going to be strong market dynamics. So how should we think of that carrying over and that profitability with the demand looking a little bit beyond the fourth quarter and what you're guiding with that $1 to $1.50 EPS for the quarter? But if we look into 2021, where do you think the market is going to head to considering the strength in the more recent quarter and what continues to likely be the fourth quarter in terms of crush margin?
Gregory Heckman: Yes, no, you're correct. The environment is very good right now. And I would say if you had to say you think it's probably best to continue here in the fourth quarter. As I said, we are watching it closely. That's not what the curve say. But as we work through Q4 in the next 30 to 60 days, if that momentum continues, then I believe that carries. We think that carries right into Q1. And so you come into 2021 with a lot of momentum. So right now, we like the way the environment looks. We're always cautiously optimistic, but very good right now and feels -- and that's why we went ahead and guided up in total. It's because of our confidence in how the environment feels and that we do believe that will carry into Q1, and then we'll see where it goes from there.
Operator: Next question comes from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan.
Tom Simonitsch: What was the Q3 contribution from the 35 U.S. grain elevators you're looking to divest? I was just curious if you still view that divestment as accretive to 2021 earnings at current run rates.
John Neppl: It was -- the business did not perform well in Q3. It was a slight loss. And yes, so it would still be accretive at divestiture just on the transaction itself without any reinvestment of the capital.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay. And can you elaborate on your expectations for Argentina crush into 2021? Have export tax cuts through January moved the needle at all in terms of farmer selling or crush capacity utilization?
Gregory Heckman: Argentina continues to be really, really bound up, right? The farmer being very reluctant marketer. There's a lot of discussion, a lot of guesses about how it might unfold, but the producer has been very resilient. And that, of course, as you've seen, has been tough on margins and tough on utilization rates. So I'm sure glad we're running a global system. And the team in Argentina is doing a great job in a very tough environment. We've been there decades and we've got a lot of experience. But right now, we don't see that situation improving until there's some clear direction.
Tom Simonitsch: If I could just tag on one last question. You're now excluding mark-to-market impacts from your results. Can you just elaborate on why you're making that change now?
John Neppl: Yes. It's really been -- it's been an effort to try to provide a little bit of clarity around how mark-to-market, how we think about it. We've been verbalizing it over the last few years, frankly, but it has created a lot of confusion at times for people. So we just thought it was cleaner to just show it in here in our adjusted results rather than giving adjusted results and then saying, "And on top of that, here is the mark-to-market impact."
Gregory Heckman: I think it's just consistent with our promise to continue with more transparency and granularity about the results to try to help everyone understand the Bunge earnings power better.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Congratulations on the results and thank you for making that mark-to-market adjustment. I think it would make life a lot easier for everybody going forward. Many, many, many headaches on many mornings over the years from trying to reconcile what that was and wasn't and what was coming back, what was going away, what might come back later on. So good idea. I just want to finish one of the thoughts from earlier. And Greg, I think you said it sort of by omission, but it doesn't sound like you have any desire to be an owner or an operator or a construction or any construction of a new -- of an actual renewable diesel facility, but rather you want to be on the service side of the equation and the supply side of the equation. Is that correct?
Gregory Heckman: Yes, that's correct. We want to be there to serve that growth, but we want to do what we're core and what we're best at. And so we'll work with our customers. We'll look at places where it makes sense. If it's debottlenecking refinery or adding storage and handling capabilities to help manage customer supply chains. But we'll look at the context of anything we do with our network that it serves all of our food and fuel customers. So as we improve our network, we get that optionality. So we definitely want to work hand in glove, but we'll be very disciplined about putting capital to work in long-lived assets and make sure it's an area where we have the right to win.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And the other thing I wanted to just make sure I better understood was the comments you're making about 4Q and into next year and customers being back sort of in the spot market. Is that to imply that there isn't a tremendous amount of liquidity in sort of the out months to try to lock in what's going on? Or might -- do I have that wrong?
Gregory Heckman: No. That's correct. And as that's kind of the nature generally of this industry is that there's always more liquidity in the near quarter and the following quarter. And the curves kind of reflect that not only liquidity, but you're going to have to show me that these margins are going to stay here. And so that's what's reflected in our outlook.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And if I could sneak one last quick one in. I just would ask if you can reconcile for us, you talked about the Argentine farmers not a seller. The Brazilian farmer has been quite a seller this year. And if you can just sort of help us understand where that is in terms of what you've already bought and how much of that you've already kind of gone through versus how much is left for them to sell and how much is left for them to process. I'm just trying to understand as we think about the fourth quarter, maybe that's one of the reasons why there's a bit of a step down sequentially. It's just -- there's just less to do with the Brazilian farmer for the rest of the year until next year's harvest.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. You're absolutely correct. Some of that business purchased from the Brazilian farmer has been pulled forward versus normal selling patterns. So they're around 50% sold right now, and they've even started to nibble at the 2022 crop, selling a little bit of that. So with the change in the real, it's been a profitable situation. And so it's definitely been -- the timing has been moved up on that.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Great. Congratulations again.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Great news today.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
John Neppl: Thank you, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Sure. Regarding like the parabolic move in soybean meal demand, can you talk a little bit about the fundamentals driving that? Do you have a sense of where China is in terms of rebuilding its pig herd? And what have you seen in response at your crush facilities in China?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Our crush facilities have run very well in China this year, and that's really been on the back of as China recovered, not only the oil demand recovered. But as we talked about, that pork herd has been -- the hog herd has been getting built back much more quickly than we thought. The other factor is we had talked that we expect inclusion rates to be higher as the professional operations came up, and we saw that as well. So I think the -- kind of the market believes they're about halfway back from pre-COVID levels. So they've still got a ways to go, but that has been a big part of that meal demand. So I think global pork up I think around 4%. China leading that, but it's also U.S. and EU and Brazil are also up.
Robert Moskow: Right.
Gregory Heckman: And then on the -- the global chicken was up just a bit as well, but China put that in place early. That demand is still there as the pork comes back. And then also some increase in Brazil, EU, U.S. and India. So it's good, broad demand.
Robert Moskow: Right. Okay. Great. And then a follow-up. At the start of COVID, I think your company and several others were thinking about the possibility of just a lower demand for food because when you shift from the foodservice channel to the retail channel, people just kind of naturally eat a little bit less. Are we past that kind of situation now? And if so, do you think it's because just people have returned to -- closer to normal patterns? Or is there something else? Do we not have to worry about that anymore I guess is my question.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. It adds -- demand has rebounded I think more quickly than everyone thought. With people eating from home, right, the center of the grocery store has been very, very strong. The QSR has returned very quickly. It's the smaller food service, the street business that's been hurt very badly. And so that's pulled foodservice down in total. But the CPG strength has been stronger than we thought in making that up. So we definitely kind of over forecast the impact that, that would have. And so now as -- yes, so now as we continue to watch COVID, I think we're not as concerned -- we're always concerned, but not as concerned since we've been through that cycle once.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: So when you think about the $5 number, you guys use the average 5 year. And I think everybody thinks of that as a mid-cycle number. But is it really a mid-cycle number? Or is it something that's just an average of 5 years? And the reason I say that is, as I look forward, I mean would you say that's representative of the future not just for this year, but going forward, when you have a rebuild in China, a renewable diesel change as well? Is that really considered mid-cycle? Or is it just considered over the last 5 years and that's what we should capture it as?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think we definitely looked at history. I think it was -- maybe, John, is it 6 years?
John Neppl: Yes.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. 6 years of history. What we didn't put in there, right, we didn't -- Imcopa is not in there. We really didn't build in any food growth. There's no plant protein growth. There's no renewable diesel growth. So it was the -- that's why we call the baseline. It's not earnings power. It's baseline earnings. And then we looked at the historical crush margins and that's of our system, weighted for our system, and that was around 34. Now just to give you some benchmark on that, on a year-to-date, we're at about 40 versus that benchmark of 34. And I think you're seeing that in the earnings and us taking the earnings up for the year. And then as that momentum continues into 2021, that's kind of what we'll be anchoring off of as we think about that.
Kenneth Zaslow: My follow-up to that is, also, when you were thinking about that, my sense is you probably didn't think that China would be buying or that there would be a free market because, right, we haven't had a free market in, call it, 8, 10 years. So when you think about that, how does elevation margins or export margins play into that as well? I'm assuming that's excluded from the 34 and that's just something that kind of ebbs and flows. But with China demand, is that something that's more structural? Or how do you think about that? And I have one more after that, and I'll leave it there.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Yes. That definitely wasn't in our numbers. That's been an increase and that's been a positive increase. As that continues, I'd say the entire underlying, this feels a lot more sustainable than at the time we talked about it.
Kenneth Zaslow: And then my final question is, previously, you said that when you get to a certain level of margins and when you start to get your business in a certain order, you will have the -- you have earned the right to participate in new businesses and participate in businesses that the previous Bunge was not able to. Can you talk about and elaborate what is your right to -- what businesses now do you have a right to earn in? And how does that look going forward? I'll leave it there.
Gregory Heckman: Sure. Thanks, Ken. Sure. And I think we're at that point. As we talk about, we're finishing the portfolio work. We've got a couple more deals. We'll probably announce before the end of the year one small one, one a little more sizable. And we've really turned to look at the growth. And as we start to have the cash from earnings and closing the deals to invest, that's the fun. The attention in the system, the team competing for that capital because we're going to be very disciplined about how we put that capital to work. But we'll continue to think about where we improve to protect or improve our footprint in our Agribusiness. So any regional consolidation that makes sense. The other is we'll continue to build on our specialty fats and oils footprint. That's a business we believe that there'll be some tuck-in and bolt-on acquisitions to improve either our product or our geography offerings to customers. Again, we'll be disciplined about those values. We announced one deal in the plant protein side, and it's an exciting place. That trend in plant protein growth, that is in place. That's a place where we have a right to win. We've got a great team that's working on that. We've got a real nice pipeline of projects. You'll be hearing more about that in the future as we roll things out, but we're working with customers, customers that we already have relationships with on the fats and oil side broadly and that we have specifically in providing the fats and oils that make those plant proteins taste good and have the mouth feel and the bite that we all love so much. And then on the renewable diesel side, as we talked about, the benefit of that demand, it lifts the entire oil market across our food and fuel platform, and we'll look for those opportunities to serve those customers. And again, that -- thinking through that lens as we make improvements in our Agribusiness footprint to serve all our customers. So we're really excited about the performance of the team. We're excited about having the earnings at this point where we're really at the inflection point, starting to move into growth and excited to have some real new opportunities in this industry around growth in plant proteins and renewable diesel, which is new demand as well as just good demand continues to be up and to the right. So excited about what we're doing here, Ken, and really, really proud of the team. So looking forward to talking to you again after the next quarter.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Wisener: Thanks for joining the call today. And if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bunge Limited Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today’s presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask question. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to let you know that, we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Events and Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to slide 2, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Chief Executive Officer, Greg Heckman; and Chief Financial Officer John Neppl. I'll now turn the call over to Greg. 
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning everyone. Turning to slide 3, you can see the agenda for today's call. I'll start with an overview of the second quarter and then hand it over to John, who will go into more detail on our performance. I'll share how we're thinking about the second half of the year, and close with some remarks on the second quarter, and how that fits in with what we discussed during our business update last month, before opening line up for your questions. I want to start by wishing you all well, and hope your families and colleagues are safe and healthy. This is a relentless challenge we're all facing. I'd also like to very pointedly thank our team for their hard work, resilience and focus. Our results in the first half of 2020 are a testament to their dedication to getting the job done, and I couldn't be prouder. Last, I'd like to thank all of you, who joined us for a virtual business update meeting last month. We appreciate the positive feedback we've received and we look forward to continuing the dialogue. With that, let's turn to the quarter starting with slide 4. Bunge delivered a very strong second quarter with operations reflecting the way we intend to run the business going forward and demonstrating the benefit of our new operating model, leadership team and mindset. Performance across all of our core businesses was excellent. Our strong execution in committed crush capacity, exceptional coordination of trade flows, and great risk management allowed us to capture above-average margins and deliver solid top and bottom line results. Across the platform, we hit record capacity utilization in crushing, reduced unplanned downtime about 20% year-over-year and had the lowest operating quarter costs for soy crush in the last three years. We realized the benefit from the risk management decisions we made in the first half of the year and we earned new business with our focus on innovation and a collaborative approach with customers. We generated strong free cash flow, while still being disciplined with capital allocation and continue to execute on our key priorities, including refining the portfolio and gaining momentum on reducing costs.  Agribusiness had outstanding performance this quarter with improved performance in essentially every part of the business. In oilseed, as we expected prior period timing losses were reversed as gains.  Average global replacement soy crush margins across the quarter were $27. But because of our active risk management and effective use of working capital to capture market opportunities, we were able to execute at an average of $40 per metric ton. In grains performance in Brazil was exceptional as we benefited from increased farmer selling as local prices increased with the devaluation of the Brazilian real. Food & Ingredients continues to gain traction and demonstrated our nimbleness and flexibility in the current environment. Even as food service demand fell off as a result of lockdowns around the world, our growing strength with CPG food processors and renewable diesel producers, including new customer wins in those areas offset the COVID-related impacts in foodservice. As COVID continues to present challenges for our customers, they are increasingly turning to Bunge, because the resilience of our value chain model can provide innovative solutions that will continue to benefit our relationships going forward. With the backdrop of great commercial execution, we continue to focus on optimizing our portfolio and recently entered into an agreement to sell the asset to the small noncore food business in Brazil that produces tomato sauces. We've also officially closed our White Plains office and are well-adjusted to our St. Louis headquarters and interim remote working situation. In short, we're very pleased with the results this quarter, and very pleased with our overall momentum. Given the strong Q2, our outlook for the full year is now higher. I'll now turn it over to John, who'll walk you through the financials and some of the puts and takes related to our outlook.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. You may have noticed that we updated the format of our earnings press release. We did this for a couple of reasons; one, we wanted to more clearly differentiate our core businesses from our non-core businesses; and secondly, we wanted to provide a cleaner format for detailing individual segment performance. We hope you find these changes beneficial. Now, let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide 5. Our reported second quarter earnings per share was $3.47 compared to $1.43 in the second quarter of 2019. Adjusted EPS was $3.88 in the second quarter versus $1.52 in the prior year. Our results include a net $0.41 charge, primarily related to a provision against an aged receivable dating back to 2015 that is now deemed uncollectible as part of an anticipated legal settlement. Adjusted core segment earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT was $943 million in the second quarter adjusted EBIT of $287 million in the prior year, primarily driven by results in Agribusiness where EBIT was $843 million compared to $211 million last year. As Greg noted, higher Agribusiness results in the quarter reflected strong execution throughout the value chains particularly in managing risk committed crush capacity and global trade flows. Results also benefited from approximately $380 million of timing differences related to expected Q1 reversals and new mark-to-market gains. In Oilseeds, strong soy processing results were driven by higher margins in South America, Europe, and Asia, largely reflecting the actions we took in the first quarter to lock in capacity. This was partially offset by lower margins in North America. China soy processing results were higher in all regions. You may recall we carried into the second quarter a mark-to-market balance of approximately $295 million of previously reported timing losses related to open forward oilseed processing contracts and hedges against sales to our downstream edible oils customers. As anticipated, approximately $155 million of these timing losses reversed in the second quarter upon executing a portion of these contracts. In addition as a result of a decrease in global crush margins and the recovery in vegetable oil prices during the quarter, we recorded new mark-to-market gains of approximately $145 million on open contracts at the end of the quarter. This reduced our carryforward balance on open oilseed contracts to a net gain of less than $10 million which will reverse in the coming quarters. Results in grains improved driven by most areas of the business. Origination benefited from increased farmer selling in Brazil with the rise in local prices caused by the devaluation of Brazilian real. North America origination also showed improvement compared to a challenging year ago period. Higher results in trading and distribution were driven by improved margins and favorable positioning. Ocean Freight also had a strong quarter driven by excellent execution as well as approximately $75 million of gains from the reversal of mark-to-market timing primarily related to bunker fuel hedges that negatively impacted the first quarter. In Edible Oils, we observed a steep drop in foodservice and biofuel demand due to COVID-19-related restrictions at the beginning of the second quarter as discussed on our first quarter earnings call. However, as the quarter developed, refinery margins improved, driven by increased demand for food -- from food processors and retail channel along with partial recovery in biofuel demand. This margin improvement combined with growth in new customers as well as lower costs resulted in higher earnings in all regions. In Milling, higher results in Brazil, primarily driven by increased food processor and consumer demand as well as decreased costs more than offset lower results in North America which were negatively impacted by business mix. In Fertilizer, higher segment results reflect improved performance in our Argentine operation which benefited from higher margins and volumes as farmers accelerated purchases in anticipation of higher local prices. In Corporate and Other total adjusted segment EBIT included expenses of $56 million from corporate and income of $2 million from Bunge ventures and other. This compared to expenses of $60 million from corporate and a gain of $146 million from Bunge ventures and other for the prior year period primarily reflecting our investment in Beyond Meat. In our noncore segment, Sugar & Bioenergy results for this quarter which are non-cash reflect our share of the results of the 50-50 joint venture with BP. By contrast, second quarter 2019 reflected our 100% ownership of the Brazilian Sugar & Bioenergy operations that we contributed to the joint venture in December 2019. Additionally, results of the joint venture are reported on a one-month lag. Lower results in the quarter were primarily driven by approximately $70 million of foreign exchange translation losses on U.S. dollar-denominated debt of the joint venture due to depreciation of Brazilian real. Also contributing to the decline in earnings were lower Brazilian ethanol prices, driven by the drop in global oil prices. For the quarter ended June 30, 2020, income tax expense was $168 million. Net interest expense of $56 million was in line with our expectations. Let's turn to slide six. This slide compares our Q2 SG&A to the prior year. Adjusted SG&A excludes notable items. For Q2, our adjusted SG&A was $28 million lower than last year, of which $20 million reflects our organizational redesign actions and increased focus on managing costs. The additional $8 million reflects the net impact of such items as inflation, foreign currency fluctuations, changes in our perimeter, and performance-based compensation, essentially adjustments to enable an apples-to-apples assessment of our actions to manage costs. We recognize a portion of our savings is due to COVID-19-related restrictions such as reduced travel some of which may be a temporary impact. However, we strongly believe we won't return to pre-pandemic levels as we have all learned to operate differently.  Moving to slide seven, cash flow highlights. For the trailing 12-month period, our cash generation was strong at $1.3 billion of adjusted funds from operations. The cash flow generation enabled us to comfortably fund our CapEx and dividend and to meaningfully reduce debt.  As you can see on slide eight, we continue to strengthen our balance sheet. At the end of the second quarter nearly 85% of our debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories compared to about 70% for the same time a year ago.  Turning to slide nine. We have committed credit facilities of approximately $4.3 billion with $3.6 billion available at the end of the quarter and we had a cash balance of $277 million.  Moving to slide 10 and our summary of capital allocation. Year-to-date adjusted funds from operations was $817 million after allocating $85 million to sustaining CapEx which includes maintenance environmental health and safety and $17 million to preferred dividends. We had $715 million of discretionary cash flow available. Of this amount, we paid $142 million in common dividends to shareholders, invested $42 million in growth and productivity CapEx and bought back $100 million of our stock. The retained cash flow of $431 million was used to pay down debt.  Please turn to slide 11. On our business update last month, we introduced two complementary return metrics that we believe better reflect the performance of our business. One of those metrics was AROIC which recognizes merchandising RMI as a tool to generate incremental profit.  For the trailing 12 months AROIC was 11.7%, 5.1 percentage points over our RMI adjusted weighted average cost of capital of 6.6%. ROIC was 9.6%, 3.6 percentage points over our weighted average cost of capital of 6%. Detailed calculations of these metrics are in the appendix of this presentation.  Moving to slide 12. The second complementary metric we introduced was cash flow yield which is a ratio of discretionary cash flow to the adjusted book equity. This measure emphasizes cash generation and complements earnings and return metrics. Here you can see cash flow yield over the past five years as well as for the trailing 12-months ending Q2 measured against our cost of equity of 7%. For the trailing 12-month period ending June 30, after adjusting the book value for CTA changes we produced a cash flow yield of just over 19%.  Please turn to slide 13 and our 2020 outlook. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, we are increasing our 2020 EPS outlook based on our stronger-than-expected second quarter. In Agribusiness based on first half results the current market environment and forward curves, we expect our full year results to be approximately $100 million higher than last year's results and the second half results weighted toward the fourth quarter.  In Edible Oils, we expect modest improvement compared to our previous outlook. Despite a stronger-than-expected second quarter, the business will likely continue to face headwinds from COVID-19 in the second half. Expected results in milling continue to be in line with last year. We also expect an adjusted annual effective tax rate in the upper end of the 19% to 23% range. Net interest expense of approximately $230 million and capital expenditures in the range of $375 million to $400 million and depreciation and amortization of approximately $400 million.  The outlook of the Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture has declined from the previous forecast to reflect the impact of foreign exchange volatility in the first half of the year.  With that I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments. 
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. As we wrap up, it's clear that we're managing the business to maximize economic results and value creation for the long-term not any one calendar quarter. Accounting requirements can create timing differences that smooth out overtime. The mark-to-market losses, we recorded in the first quarter that reversed this quarter as expected are a good example of this.  During our business update meeting last month, we forecasted a strong second quarter which ended up being even stronger than expected. We highlighted our new leadership team and our new approach to risk management and you can see our execution this quarter.  We emphasized that progress is our key priorities of improving financial discipline, optimizing our portfolio and changing our operating model to drive excellent performance. We've continued to execute on each of those areas. We stress greater transparency and accountability and you're seeing that in our reporting today. And finally, we told you that we're taking actions that have set us up to get to an earnings baseline of $5 per share with additional upside. While there's more work to be done, we're moving in the right direction, we're operating better than we have in many years and we're making progress every day.  And with that we'll open the line for your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you, and good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning.
Vincent Andrews: So, I just want to understand a little bit better the results in the first half versus what's going to happen in the second half. And I think what's happened is that, everything that happened in the first quarter has now reversed in the second quarter and you carry very little into the back half of the year. So, obviously, very strong execution, because you said you realized $40 a ton versus, I guess, the spot of the market, however, you want to phrase it, would have been at $27. So, whatever I thought you were going to reverse in the second half of the year has already happened, so I got to take that out and now I just have to consider what I think or what the market looks like in terms of what crush margins are all else equal. Is that correct?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think that's a good assessment.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then, on farmers selling in Brazil, the slides you had a couple of good comments about the records of past utilization rate and the lowest quarterly operating cost for soy crush. How much of that is a function of just the rate at which the Brazilian farmer is selling, which is allowing you to run at those -- in those conditions versus the good work you guys have been doing just sort of on operations irrespective of what the farmers are doing?
Greg Heckman: Well, I think it's both. No doubt the team did a great job of being in position to take advantage of the opportunities that we saw, whether it was the farmer selling, driven by the action in Brazilian real in Brazil, and which not only helped drive the strong exports there, but our crush utilization. But also, even in the U.S., where we saw the opportunity with margins where we were able to run hard to delay some maintenance, and of course improved on unscheduled downtime to go ahead and capture those margins while they were there. So, definitely a combination of environment, but definitely the team executing very well in this environment.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you very much. I’ll pass it on.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Adam.
John Neppl: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So, maybe first just continuing kind of, on Vincent's point on second half expectations, and maybe I would love to get your reflection on what the state of soy and softseed crush margins are today around the world. I mean the margins that we see have come down pretty notably from where they had been earlier in the year, and just get your thoughts and positioning around that, and I guess maybe opportunities to exceed that kind of visible crush kind of margin with some of the origination and sourcing activities that you have and the leverage you have in the network.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yeah. Current crush replacement margins are in the U.S. around mid-20s; mid- to high-single-digits in Brazil; low-single-digits in Argentina. And then, you've got Europe and China both in the mid-20s. Now that being said, even in the last couple of weeks, we've seen the curve start to improve a little bit. So, as usual, we don't have a lot of visibility into Q4. And as usual, we have more locked in Q3 than we do in Q4, but that's not unusual. And then, the kind of the broader, I think, keys to watch on the crush, the flags are -- as we know, we've seen the strong exports with the farmer selling in Brazil, the strong exports there to China and then we've seen China increasing their purchases here in the U.S. And the question will be, what pace will that continue on, as well as we've got the crop developing here in the U.S., a big, big corn crop but the bean crop is developing very well. So, it looks like we'll have a big harvest, and then how the farmer decides to commercialize that. So, those are the key flags here as we watch the second half develop.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just to clarify kind of the revised outlook. So, you're now expecting Agribusiness up about $100 million year-on-year. So relative to where you laid that out in -- with 1Q in late April that was -- it's about $150 million or so kind of delta to the positive. You increased the Edible Oils outlook. How much -- and how much did sugar -- is sugar expected to be worse than the prior outlook? Just to clarify. And am I rolling up those pieces properly?
John Neppl: Yeah. Adam, I would say on Edible Oils, even though we had a little bit better second quarter than expected, over the whole year if you look back versus where we were in April, we've actually taken the number down slightly. And then Sugar, I'd say probably in the $30 million range in terms of our -- the impact of that from a P&L standpoint versus April. And reminder that, that's a non-cash recording of the investment in the underlying JV.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And just to clarify in terms of the hedge, I mean services around the hedging on the JV level debt. Are you able to execute hedges to eliminate that FX translation impact going forward?
John Neppl: Yes. So the JV has been working on hedging that. And at the end of June, they had $150 million of it hedged. Their target is to hedge half the $700 million to get to $350 million. For us because the debt is non-recourse to us, it would have been a case of us putting a hedge on just to impact reported earnings which then affect just basically FX position. We manage our exposure to the real at a much broader level for the company rather than on any specific individual exposure. And while that's a reported earnings impact from a cash standpoint, it doesn't really impact us. So, we made the decision not to do anything on our books because we look at it more globally from a real standpoint, but they are making progress in terms of getting that covered.
Adam Samuelson: All right. I appreciate the color. Excellent, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Simonitsch with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Simonitsch: Thank you and good morning. Sorry, if I missed this but can you clarify the 2020 EPS guidance? I think you'd originally guided to around $3.70 at the start of the year and lowered it directionally last quarter. So, if you could just frame your guidance in a range or relative to that initial $3.70 guide that would be very helpful?
John Neppl: Yes. So if you look at kind of where we were coming into the quarter here, I think average consensus was $2.83 somewhere in that range. And the way we look at it probably the biggest delta in our forecast now is $100 million I mentioned in Agribusiness. And the rest of it kind of all offsets net -- kind of net to close to zero. So, if you think about $100 million from an EPS standpoint that's around $0.55 roughly. And so that's kind of how we're thinking about it right now. 
Tom Simonitsch: Sorry. $0.55 above current consensus?
John Neppl: Yes. Upside -- I'm sorry upside in Agribusiness that $100 million is roughly $0.55.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay. And then just on the Edible Oils, I think your EBIT of $51 million was about double what you had guided for Q2. So can you just help us reconcile the outperformance in the quarter with the comments that COVID-19 headwinds are likely to linger?
Greg Heckman: Yes. What we saw the big driver of course is around U.S. foodservice and where we talked about from a QSR -- we're a little over-indexed to QSR and to the big QSR, so April was down about 40%. But then, during the rest of the quarter, we saw a strong recovery. Some of that no doubt was pipeline filling, but we saw levels get to year ago levels. Now, as that's kind of leveled off we think that it stabilized between the balance of what business moved over to the retail or CPG space and versus how foodservice where some of the closings coming back out were probably net of 15%. And we expect that to probably be pretty wavy on the demand as things open and close and we manage through COVID through the balance of the year.
Tom Simonitsch: That’s helpful. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu with Stephens Inc. Please go ahead. Q - Ben Bienvenu Thanks. Good morning everyone. I wanted to revisit origination for the back half of the year and 4Q in particular. Greg, you know that's going to be kind of the key factor as it relates to the performance for the balance of the year. But just as we sit here today, you've already seen some renewed buying from China for U.S. soybeans. Brazil's soybean balance sheet is pretty tight with their strong exports. There's some corn crop issues in China and we've seen their prices move higher as they've also sold through reserves. So just curious, recognizing there's variability, both in how the crop fares in the U.S. through the balance of the year and inherent volatility in that business, how optimistic are you about origination for your business in the back half of the year?
Greg Heckman: We're definitely optimistic about what's happening overall. There has been some of Q3 pulled into Q2 in South America. But with the programs that are building in the U.S. we're definitely seeing very good port margins there. I think, the way -- what you'll have to weigh there is how the buying continues for the program for the rest of the year on export out of the U.S. versus the farmer commercializing, what's to be a very big crop.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. On portfolio optimization, you noted a small sale of a tomato sauce business. I believe you guys were in process on selling another large asset. I think last update you had given COVID wasn't a huge disruptor to the progress of the discussions and broader portfolio optimization discussions. But I think there had been a little bit of a slowdown. Kind of where are we in all of that? And how are those discussions going broadly?
John Neppl: Yes. Ben, I'll take that. So with respect to some of our projects that we're working on let's -- I'll go give you a quick rundown of things we've talked about before first. And obviously, our Brazil merger in the mayo business, we had announced previously still underway still in regulatory in Brazil, but moving along. And I think we feel pretty confident, we'll get that closed this year. We've talked before about the U.S. grain asset sale. With the review there it's probably -- we've talked before late Q4 Q1 type event to get that closed. I think we still feel pretty confident in that timing. And then we do have another project that we've been working on. I would say it's been a little bit COVID-related, but it's moving -- it's moving slowly, but it's moving forward. And it's just really at the pace of how we can work that with our counterparty. But all those things we're pretty positive on how they're moving. And then on the other side with the announcement of Imcopa that's progressing. Again from a regulatory and timing standpoint it's probably slowed down a little bit but we still feel pretty comfortable with where that's headed. 
Ben Bienvenu: Great. Good luck with the half.
Greg Heckman: Thank you. 
John Neppl: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everyone. 
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ken.
John Neppl: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just a couple of questions. One is can you talk about the new business that you earned and what does that entail? You said that in the opening remarks. Can you just talk about that? 
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think what we've really seen is there continues to be a little bit of magic in the specialty fats and oils at Loders that we added into the legacy Bunge portfolio of our commodity oils and then our global footprint. So what we've been able to do is help people solve their problems whether it's the switchover in the product mix we saw as people went from eating away from home to eating at home to where they were making it and using our global platform to help them solve problems that they understand long-term that the power of Bunge and our ability to move and be nimble and our new operating model definitely supported that. That gets us in a less transactional and more partnership relationship with folks and not on single product, but on the portfolio of products and services we're able to bring. So we definitely like the progress that we're making and it's the right kind of growth with the right customers. 
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then the second question is in terms of the crush margin outlook, obviously, U.S. crush margin is getting better. Can you talk about why you think it's getting better the longevity of that? And then also China and Europe seem to be very strong as well. Can you talk about the underpinnings there? And again it seems like China has changed as they are expanding their hog herd. Is that the derivation of why Chinese crush margins are -- is that a foreshadowing for the globe? 
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think a couple of the big drivers around, let me talk to meal first and then oil. A couple of big drivers, of course, around meal demand have not only been the imports of protein into China, which of course has helped the meal demand in those exporting countries. But the big -- one of the big drivers is how quick China's sales of hogs have come back. And their meal demand has recovered much more quickly than any of us have thought. And then of course, the U.S. where we've got historically high numbers in chicken and hogs has been good for demand and those numbers have not tailed off as quickly as everyone had predicted. And then on the oil side as we talked the oil demand has come back quicker than we thought here in the U.S. and that's not only on the food side, but on the renewable diesel. So we continue to see strong demand there and see some definitely some tailwinds going forward not only second half of 2020 but into 2021 around renewable diesel. Probably the laggard right now and the one that we'll watch is biodiesel in Europe which has been a little bit slower coming back. 
Ken Zaslow: Great. I really appreciate it. Thank you, guys.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones with Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead. 
Heather Jones: Good morning. 
John Neppl: Good morning, Heather. First, I want to say thank you for the new layout on the press release. It was -- I really like it. It's made a lot -- things a lot more helpful and more clear. Just a quick details question. When you all were talking about your full year outlook for sugar the real has appreciated considerably since the end of May which I think is the end of Q2 for sugar. When you guys are talking about your full year outlook are you assuming there's no appreciation in the real from Q2 or are you assuming the current rate? 
John Neppl: Yes. When we – Heather, this is John. So when we put in the forecast it's probably a week ago or so that we finalized that maybe a little bit less than a week ago. And we took some of that into consideration, but we don't assume going forward any big change one way or the other. So it -- we've got the remember we're -- the reporting of that is the end of May for our June 30. So any change from May to the end of June would be reflected in Q3. And then of course all the way through August will be recorded in our September number. So we don't have a big assumption one way or the other in there in terms of where it's headed. But obviously that will have an impact going forward. 
Heather Jones: All right. Thank you. And then I wanted to ask about meal demand. So Greg you mentioned, hog and chicken numbers and those have held up fairly well. But our understanding is that, a lot of these hog guys have taken their rations down to levels -- basically maintenance rations. And more recently, it seems like that soybean meal inclusion rate has bottomed and is starting to move higher again. Would -- what you're seeing, does that agree -- would that agree with that observation?
Greg Heckman:
--: And then of course China, we've not only seen the animal numbers but the inclusion rates, in China that we have seen is driving the demand there. And then of course there was less DDGs, as the ethanol industry was not running as well. So I think that's where we saw some of the inclusion rate, just from a protein side.
Heather Jones: And in China given -- because I'm glad you mentioned that, because it seems like the demand growth is outpacing the adding -- the number of animals that have been added. So would you all attribute that, to the fact that, it's large commercials that are the ones that are adding the hogs? And so their inclusion rates tend to be higher, or is there something else that we're -- that I might be missing?
Greg Heckman: No. That's what we're seeing that it is -- it is the inclusion rate, because it's the professional commercial operations that are coming back up, which is how they've come up as quickly as they have.
Heather Jones: Okay. And my final question is on you mentioned, strong U.S. pork elevation margins. I mean, our numbers are showing, very strong much, stronger than last year, in both beans and corn. Is that consistent with your observation, as far as the year-on-year strength?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. We agree.
Heather Jones: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Theurer with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Ben Theurer: Hey good morning. Greg, John, and thanks for taking my question. Congrats on the strong results. I wanted to quickly follow-up on the foodservice piece. And you've mentioned that, basically it was very much under pressure in April and then, partially with filling rates going higher into May and June. What have you been seeing within July in terms of the pace of demand on foodservice? And how do you think this is going to turnout? Just to understand a little bit, how much maybe was just anticipated? And now weakness into 3Q versus, how the underlying business is actually doing. That will be my first question.
Greg Heckman: Yes. It feels to us like it's settling out down about 15%. And of course, that's kind of wavy as things open and close and there's still pipeline filling and then working off. But I think down 15% is what our team feels.
Ben Theurer: Okay. And if we think about it, I mean in the medium long-term. And what's been showing within the Agribusiness piece. And I mean clearly, it was an outstanding quarter. And you've mentioned all the benefits from the mark-to-market. But if we look into it with what likely the crop is going to be in the U.S. and what Brazil and Argentina is doing as well, how do you think more of the medium long-term level of profitability? And where do you see margins going? Do you really think we're going to be next year at that roughly mid-$30 crush margin level, as you've highlighted about a month ago, or do you think it's still too early to get there?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Look, the curves will continue to change. The outlook we're giving you today, is on the curves that we can see. And then of course in the business update, the number we spoke to was a baseline to deliver that $5 earnings so that, based on what you believe the market is doing you can adjust against that baseline. We were making a prediction for crush margins for 2021 there.
Ben Theurer: Okay. Thank you. Okay perfect. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Greg Heckman: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi. Thanks for the question. I might be just doing my model incorrectly here. But if I start at that, I think you said $2.80 base. And add the $100 million to that, I'm getting according to your math something around $3.40 for the year. But my model is spitting out a much higher number. Maybe we're using the wrong base. Or maybe I'm misunderstanding that the communication on sugar here. So can I start there? Are you expecting sugar to operate at a loss in the back half of the year?
John Neppl: Notwithstanding, the -- any fluctuation in currency I think our expectation is that there should be a small contribution from sugar in the second half to flat to zero. We don't expect underlying operational losses to continue in the second half, based on what we can see. So it's all going to be dependent upon the exchange rate, now -- how that impacts the reported numbers from the debt. 
Robert Moskow: Okay. Well then maybe I'll just try the math here. Year-to-date your adjusted EPS, is up like $2.50 I think. It is $2.50. And now you're expecting the back half to look similar to the back half of last year, I think if you kind of net all that out. Doesn't that get you a much higher number like closer to $5?
John Neppl: Yes. No, we're not calling the second half consistent with last year's second half. Maybe, there was some confusion there. 
Robert Moskow: But Agribusiness is up $100 million compared to the second half of last year. Is that right? 
John Neppl: No. That's for the full year. So that's looking at the overperformance in the first half and then projecting -- taking a look at the second half. And for the full year, we're calling it up $100 million.
Robert Moskow: Okay. There is the last question. Thank you very much.
John Neppl: You bet. No problem, Rob. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Kallo with Baird. Please go ahead.
Ben Kallo: Hey, guys. Thank you for all the clarity. Maybe just on the cash flow yield and maybe what the use of proceeds, I think, I asked this in June. But what's the plan for the share repurchase? And then could you just talk to us about RMI and remind me how that changes in the second half of the year too? So should we see the uptick there? It looked like there was in the quarter. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Sure. Yes. So I'll start with cash flow yield. So as you look at the cash that we generated through the first half of the year, I think, net number after all allocation was $432 million. And as we looked at the first half, you can imagine CapEx was a little underspent, just given COVID-related timing and impact on the ability to get some projects done. We do expect that to pick up a bit in the second half. Certainly, of course, our normal dividends were in there and that will be pretty standard with the second half of the year. When we were looking at the opportunity for stock buyback in the first half of the year, it was really looking at -- as we always do, we're looking at the opportunity for risk-adjusted return and where is the stock trading and what do we have in the pipeline in terms of projects. And we just felt like it was a good time to step into the market. We'll continue to look at it. We always do, as we communicated a month ago at our business update. In the second half of the year, I think, while we'll expect earnings to be more modest than they are for the first half of the year, we're also looking at CapEx likely picking up. We also -- you'll see in our Q, we announced we're making a $65 million contribution to our pension plan to take advantage of some tax opportunities. That will have a small impact on cash flow in the second half, but we'll continue to assess all of that. In terms of RMI, it's very seasonal. Certainly, our growth in second quarter related to the strong origination in South America, we are well ahead of our normal pace in terms of farmers selling and our ability to get a hold of the crop. So we feel very good about how we're positioned there. And then, of course, in Q4 we'll have a big growth in RMI, because of North American harvest. So, we'll expect to see that. But, again, we're managing that in a smart way, making sure that when we invest in RMI we're getting a return on that.
Ben Kallo: And maybe just coming back to, I think, what was kind of the thread that ran through everyone's questions before me is that, we're trying to square away the second half numbers to the outperformance here in Q2. And my math is not good either. But it looks like that I'm getting to like a $0.90 EPS for the second half total. I know you don't want to go to that granularity, but why do we expect a big drop-off? I know there was a big mark-to-market here in Q2. But why should we expect a big drop-off in earnings, when it seems your commentary doesn't flesh with that? And, yes, maybe I'll just leave it there.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I'd say, we continue to look at what the current curves are giving us in the second half. Now that can change quickly, as we saw last year in Q4. And we're definitely -- we're facing something that we haven't seen before, right? We're still working through the trade war. We've got COVID, but we are facing it with a new Bunge, that's a different team and a different operating model. So we feel, based on the opportunity that we see, we'll get more than our share of that. Sure, some of the Brazil business was pulled a little forward into Q2 from the second half, but the other side of that is, we've got big crops coming in the U.S. And we'll see how the farmer markets is cropped there and then how China continues as they work against the trade deal and fulfilling their obligations. They've been very aggressive here in the last couple of months. And then we've got the oil complex, which feels like it continues to tighten, really as we look across the complex. If COVID improves that also helps the curve. Argentina continues to be a challenging situation for all of us operating there, with the farmer continuing to be a very reluctant marketer, as he protects himself financially as well as some of the industry just continuing to struggle. So, net-net, a lot of people are in the spot because of that uncertainty they're seeing from their customers with COVID. So a lot of meal and oil customers are spot buyers today. That's also giving us less visibility. But the numbers are out there and we expect the business to be there. And I think we're very comfortable that we remain nimble, we remain well-positioned and we've got the right team to take advantage of the opportunities as they happen.
Ben Kallo: All right. Thanks all.
Greg Heckman: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow : Hey, appreciate the follow-up. Can you tell us a little bit about the operational efficiencies? You said that you had record utilizations, lower cost structure. Can you talk about what the parameters were say a year or two ago, where they are now and what is the key driver to the improvement of these metrics?
Greg Heckman : Well, I think the operating model has been a key driver, Ken. We talked about unscheduled downtime. And that's one having the assets up and ready to run, but it's also how the industrial and the commercial teams are working together on getting the inputs there, getting the products away to make sure that those plants stay up and run. And then of course, the first step before that is making sure that we get the customer business done and that's whether it's the customer selling the beans on the origination side and the customer buying the meal and oil, so that we've managed those earnings at risk. We've locked them in and we're able to run our facilities full. And that's where the capacity utilization is coming from as well as, as I said the team staying in step and making sure that we keep those facilities running. So it's been great coordination. We're looking at it as a global business, so we're able to move much faster as we move business around. And frankly, we've been able to help customers solve some of their problems and that's meant extra business for us as well. And then the other thing we talked about is, we're now scheduling the business as a global company and being thoughtful about when we're taking our scheduled downtimes to again get the capacity utilization and make sure we're running where the margins are best.
John Neppl: And I would just add that Ken that we are focusing -- most likely on the SG&A side. We're focused on industrial costs as well. And I think the team is making good progress there. It's not always visible, because it's buried in the margin number, but -- although we've incurred a little bit of excess cost here in the second quarter relative to COVID, I think we feel really good about where we're headed from a cost standpoint as well. It's going to take time, but I think there's -- the team is making good progress on that as well.
Ken Zaslow: So is it fair to say that the way you're moving the business between the risk management and the operations again absent where the crush margin is, but towards that $5 number everything that's in your control is still working that way. There hasn't been any put backs or anything like that. It seems like the path continues to move towards that direction. Is that a fair way of saying it given like these little milestones that you're kind of giving us?
Greg Heckman: Absolutely. We continue to be really pleased with the transformation. We're ahead of our own schedule in several areas and on schedule in the others and all that in the midst of COVID. So couldn't be more pleased with the team the ability to execute for customers in a really challenging environment, but also continue to stay focused on the transformation. Now look we've still got more to do. There's more self-help to come where there's more cost to get out as we finish the portfolio rationalization here at the end of the year, and as we finish our rewiring, but we're on track. We know what we're doing and we got the right team doing it. We feel real good about things. 
Ken Zaslow: Great. Thank you very much.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Ann Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thanks for joining us today. And if you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to us.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-06 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge First Quarter 2020 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. Please also note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ruth Ann Wisener. Ma'am, please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our first quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are: Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We know this is a difficult time for all. We appreciate you joining, and we hope all is well with your families and loved ones. Turning to Slide 3. You can see the agenda for today's call, starting with a few comments on how Bunge is addressing COVID-19, followed by an overview of the first quarter. I'll also provide some thoughts on the potential impact of COVID-19 on our business for the rest of the year and then hand it over to John, who'll go into more details on our performance. I'll share closing remarks, and then we'll open the line for your questions. Before diving in the quarter, I want to take this opportunity to thank our Bunge team for their hard work and for taking on this challenge with camaraderie, poise and commitment. Our thoughts are with those who have suffered as a result of COVID-19 and with all the heroes on the front lines of this pandemic. I am tremendously proud of our team and their continued level of execution during this time. As a critical participant in global food supply chains, Bunge, is without question, an essential business, and we're doing our part to ensure that these critical products are getting from farmers to consumers. This is not an easy or straightforward task. Our colleagues around the world are going to work every day and to put it plainly, showing great grit in getting the job done. Protecting our team, their families and communities as they perform this work is our top priority. Our global task force is working hard to ensure we have the necessary precautionary measures in place to keep them safe, while continuing to serve our customers. On Slide 4, you can see a summary of those measures which vary by region and facility, but essentially include an expansion of our health and safety procedures, along with new protocols to support social distancing. We also created dedicated task forces to monitor developments and coordinate efforts to support our central role in the infrastructure of food. We have not experienced any major disruptions to our plants or supply chains, and operations have functioned well. We're also working to provide support to the communities in which we operate. And last month, we announced a $2.5 million commitment to support health and hunger causes directly related to the pandemic in these areas. All that said, we remained sharply focused on running the business. And now, let's turn to Slide 5 for an overview of the first quarter and the outlook. Our underlying business performed well, and we're seeing the impact of the strength of our new operating model, which is allowing us to quickly adapt to changing market conditions and customer needs. In Agribusiness, we were able to capitalize on several key opportunities with notably strong performances in softseed crush, China soy processing and grain origination in Brazil, as farmer selling increased with the devaluation of the Brazilian real. Edible Oils produced a strong quarter, benefiting from good demand in an environment of relatively tight vegetable oil supply. The negative direct impacts of COVID-19 were limited in the quarter, as lockdowns and restrictions varied by region. COVID-19's impact on the global economy makes visibility difficult, but we expect 2020 EPS to be lower than we forecasted earlier in the year. Agribusiness is positioned to perform well, given the strong start to the year and the soy crush capacity we have hedged into the third and fourth quarters. However, results in Edible Oils will be lower due to COVID-19-related demand interruptions in foodservice and biofuels. Also, lower ethanol prices and foreign exchange volatility will materially reduce results in our Sugar & Bioenergy JV. Turning to Slide 6. Despite COVID-19 and its impact on economies around the world, we're continuing to make progress on optimizing our portfolio. As you may have seen, a couple of weeks ago, we reached an agreement to sell 35 U.S. interior elevators to Zen-Noh Grain Corporation for approximately $300 million in proceeds. This strategic effort supports Bunge's global value chain model and retains our strong presence elsewhere in the U.S. grain marketplace. We'll continue to actively participate in global grain trading and distribution, anchored to our Center Gulf and PNW port terminals and continue to support Bunge's U.S. soy processing and milling businesses. Not only will this transaction allow us to reduce costs and operate more efficiently, we'll reinvest the proceeds in the higher returning areas of the company and strengthen our balance sheet. I'm extremely proud of the team for executing this deal in this environment and market; really well done. And with that, I'll hand the call over to John now to walk through the financial results in detail.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg, and good morning, everyone. You may have seen our announcement a few weeks ago that we have changed our segment reporting to separately disclose corporate and other activities from our reportable segments. This change more closely reflects how we manage the business and review financial information, and build upon our previously stated strategic priorities by providing enhanced visibility segment performance, while also improving the comparability of our segment results in corporate and other activities with those of our industry peers. Now let's turn to Slide 7 to the earnings highlights. Our reported first quarter earnings per share was a loss of $1.46 compared to income of $0.26 in the first quarter of 2019. Adjusted EPS was a loss of $1.34 in the first quarter versus income of $0.36 in the prior year. Our reported results included $0.12 of charges, of which $0.10 related to an adjustment to the 30% redeemable noncontrolling interest in our Loders Croklaan JV and $0.02 related to our corporate move - office move to St. Louis. Total segment earnings before interest and taxes, or EBIT, was a loss of $170 million in the quarter versus EBIT of $151 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, total segment EBIT was a loss of $165 million in the quarter versus EBIT of $166 million in the prior year, primarily driven by results in Agribusiness, where adjusted EBIT was a loss of $127 million compared to adjusted EBIT of $149 million last year. In total, Agribusiness results in the quarter were impacted by $385 million of mark-to-market losses on forward hedge contracts, of which the majority is expected to reverse over the course of the year. In Oilseeds, average soy processing margins were lower in all regions compared to a strong prior year, with the exception of China, which benefited from tight soymeal supplies and reduced bean availability. Average softseed processing margins were higher in all regions versus a year ago. As COVID-19 began to spread globally, concerns about soybean meal availability caused global oilseed processing margins to spike toward the end of the quarter. As a result, we incurred approximately $100 million of mark-to-market losses related to forward oilseed crushing contracts. In addition, as vegetable oil values declined during the quarter, we recorded a mark-to-market loss of $195 million on forward hedges held against deferred fixed price sales to our downstream edible oil customers. As we execute on these contracts in the coming quarters, we expect these timing losses to reverse. As Greg noted, results in our grain business were primarily driven by origination in Brazil, as the pace of farmer selling accelerated in response to an increase in local prices caused by the devaluation of Brazilian real. Ocean freight also had a strong quarter, benefiting from excellent execution. However, results were impacted by approximately $90 million mark-to-market losses, primarily related to forward bunker fuel hedges driven by the decline in global energy prices. These hedges are held against forward fixed price sales commitments, which we expect to reverse in the coming quarters as we execute on these contracts. In Edible Oils, improved results in North America, Europe and Argentina were more than offset by lower results in Brazil and Asia. Excluding approximately $20 million of net unfavorable timing differences, $6 million of which will reverse in future periods, results were higher than prior year. Recall that in the fourth quarter of 2019, we benefited from $13 million of favorable timing differences, which reversed during Q1. While the COVID impact was relatively limited to the segment in total as lockdowns and restrictions vary by region, we started to see reduced demand from both foodservice and biodiesel channels toward the latter part of the quarter. We expect to see a more pronounced negative impact in Edible Oils in the second quarter. In Milling, improved performance in Brazil, which benefited from higher volumes from food processors, was more than offset by lower results in North America due to the decrease in U.S. margins and lower corn yields. In Sugar & Bioenergy, segment results for this quarter reflect our share of earnings in our 50-50 joint venture with BP that we formed in December 2019. By contrast, first quarter results in 2019 reflect our 100% ownership of the Brazilian Sugar & Bioenergy operations. Additionally, results of the joint venture are reported on a 1-month lag. The $50 million loss in the quarter reflects the seasonally slow intercrop period where the business is selling inventory from the previous season, as well as an approximately $25 million foreign exchange translation loss on U.S. dollar-denominated debt of the joint venture due to depreciation of Brazilian real during the quarter. With the continued devaluation of Brazilian real during the second quarter, we expect the JV results to be further negatively impacted by foreign exchange translation losses, unless the Brazilian real were to recover a large portion of its recent decline. In Fertilizer, higher segment results reflected improved performance in our Argentine operation, which benefited from higher margins, more than offsetting lower volume. For the quarter, we recognized an income tax benefit of $55 million. Based on our current outlook, we expect our full year effective tax rate to be toward the upper end of our 19% to 23% guided range. Interest expense was up slightly during the quarter compared to last year due to interest charged on settlement of an arbitration matter in Brazil as well as foreign currency borrowings in certain countries where interest rates were high. However, the incrementally higher borrowing costs were fully offsetting gross margin from currency hedges on underlying working capital being funded with those borrowings. We continue to expect full year net interest of approximately $230 million. Let's turn to Slide 8, cash flow highlights. Due to the approximate $410 million mark-to-market losses incurred during the first quarter, our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations was considerably down from where we ended 2019. Adjusting both 2019 and the trailing 12 months for these mark-to-market timing differences, results would be comparable, as shown in the chart on the right. As you can see on Slide 9, at the end of the first quarter, approximately 90% of our debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories. Our net debt, excluding readily marketable inventories, was approximately $500 million. Turning to Slide 10. We have committed working capital facilities of approximately $4.3 billion, all of which was available at the end of the quarter, and we had cash balance of $193 million. Moving to Slide 11 in our summary of capital allocation. As I discussed earlier, Q1 adjusted funds from operations is distorted due to the impact of the large mark-to-market loss on forward hedges that will reverse during the course of the year. CapEx spending was $55 million, of which $38 million was invested in maintenance and environmental health and safety standards. We paid $79 million in dividends to shareholders. Please turn to Slide 12 in our return on invested capital. Our trailing 4-quarter average adjusted return on invested capital was 6.5%, up approximately 1 percentage point from the prior year. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, John. I know I'm not the first one to say this, but the fact that we're operating at a time of unprecedented volatility, complexity and uncertainty. As John and I mentioned, we expect to see a greater impact from COVID-19 in our business in the second quarter primarily in our Edible Oils business. However, the work we've done to improve our operations, to streamline our portfolio and hone our approach to risk management has allowed us to remain nimble and adapt to the evolving business and operational demands. We stayed very focused, and we've accomplished a great deal despite the environment, from continuing to invest in technology and drive our strategic initiatives to evolving our innovation processes to the current reality of working remotely. I remain impressed by the team's steadfast commitment to the execution of our priorities, especially in the face of these challenging times. Given the evolution of the COVID-19 situation, we have decided to postpone our full Investor Day to a later date, but we will hold a virtual investor event in June, where John and I will provide an update on our progress and the impact of our key initiatives to our operating model. We'll be providing more details in the coming weeks. And with that, we'll open the call to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question today comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just a couple of questions. One is, does COVID-19 affect Bunge's earnings power beyond 2020? And then what will you be doing with the proceeds, the $300 million of proceeds? And my last part - my last question would be, when I think about foodservice, it seems like it's starting to kind of come back a little bit. Is that in your expectations for the Edible Oils business? Or did you kind of include the Edible Oils business as the time of the press release? And I'll leave it there.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. Well, I'll leave the proceeds to John, but let me work backwards. On the Edible Oils in the outlook, no, we're receiving information, as everyone is daily and even some, I guess, to use a term, we order before green shoots of demand coming back even this week. So no, our original outlook, of course, when we put it together with the best information we had at the time, which is continuing to move quickly as the states open back up. As far as COVID-19 on 2021, we're grappling with Q2 and what effect it's going to have in Q2. But I think the key, Ken, is that we're really pleased with the changes we've made to the operating model and how the team is able to stay connected with the commercial and the industrial folks, and responding to the challenges our customers have got, and we're able to adapt to the situation. So we'll continue to improve the business and be in a position to handle whatever challenges in front of us. And then, John, on the proceeds?
John Neppl: Yes. So as Greg mentioned in his remarks, we have gross proceeds of $300 million coming from the grain - the sale of grain assets. That's not expected to be closed until late Q4, probably early Q1 of next year just given regulatory timing. But at this point, we don't have any specific plans other than initially, we'll reduce any revolver debt that we have outstanding and then we will look at what our alternatives are. We have a bond coming due in November, and depending on timing of this and how we feel about capital markets at the time and our liquidity, we may very well just pay that off at the time. We'll keep an eye on markets between now and then to determine if refinancing that debt makes sense. But other than that, we will put it basically back at the top of the house and look back at our capital allocation mix and see what the best alternatives are, but nothing specific right now.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. Just to be clear. But as you assess - just going back to the first, as you assess COVID-19, do you think that there could either be positives or negatives or would affect it? Or do you think that once it settles down, you will emerge similar, better or worse? Is there a way to just kind of thinking about that in terms of your earnings power, your return on invested capital? Will you have to reconfigure how you're thinking about your return on invested capital? And then I will really leave it there.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I mean, I'll let John hop on as well. Interesting question, Ken. I believe anytime you're challenged, I mean, I don't think 6 months ago, we would have thought you could run an operation this big and this complex remotely. And I will say the team has done a phenomenal job, as we've continued to run the business with no major interruptions to our supply chain or serving customers. So all of these challenges make you better. We continue to focus on all our initiatives and continue doing the things that we want to do to improve the business for 2021. And I will say during this time of stress that for the globe and for everyone, capital spending has slowed down for everyone. And so I think, overall, the capacities probably end up tighter as things improve and as we see demand come back. And I think we're in a great position with the change we made to the portfolio, the operating model and having the global footprint and the flexibility to respond as we see things improve. So I sure don't see it as a negative. So I think it's a flat to a positive. I don't know, John, if there's anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: So I guess first question, Greg, John, just trying to think - kind of size and quantify kind of the change in outlook, and so any way to frame kind of the magnitude of the impact in Edible Oils and especially in Sugar, relative to what you had thought previously in February.
Gregory Heckman: Well, on Agribusiness, no change. Yes, it's happening a little differently in a more challenging way than we thought. But in our biggest business, we really unchanged and think we'll be able to deliver the same as our earlier outlook. On the Edible Oils side, that really is going to depend on the recovery and the shape of the recovery and how quickly that it is. And so at this point, we've used the best information that we have looking at the forward curves, and we'll continue to update you as we go forward on that. I will say it looked about as dark as it could at the beginning of the month, and things have started to improve just in the last 6 business days, with some orders and with some of the opening up. So it really moved quickly on the way down as demand was cut and now the key will be how demand comes back, which will definitely be more gradual. And then on the Sugar & Bioenergy, again, we're really pleased with our partner. The team's executing very well down there on the synergies and getting the business in the best shape it can be from an overall industry and economics, of course, with the COVID-19 impacts on demand and the overall outlook on energy prices with what's happening in crude oil, I think we're in as good as shaped as anyone in the industry. And we know it'll be lower, but it's not clear. And there's some talk now of maybe some aid for the industry, but it's all too early to tell any impact of that as well.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just thinking about the portfolio, and congratulations on getting the U.S. grain elevator announcement kind of done. Just how much is left? Just could we size - I mean, is $300 million of proceeds on that transaction, is that the invested capital you have in that? Or is there additional working capital release that comes upon closing? And then just how much is left in terms of portfolio actions from where we are today?
Gregory Heckman: I'll take that portfolio actions, and I'll let John talk to the numbers. On the portfolio actions, we continue to try to work against the internal deadline we gave ourselves of having everything substantially done or at least to a point where we could talk about it at Investor Day, so we can give you a clear look at kind of our go-forward portfolio in late June. Even though there have been some things to slow people down here with COVID-19, we still got dedicated teams working on all of those deals. We probably have 1 left of size and 2 or 3 that are smaller in cleanup. But our goal is to try to still be in position to talk about that. And then we move on to the continuous improvement, which is continuing to challenge the lowest returning parts of our portfolio and improving them or figuring out if they need to be out of the portfolio, and that will never stop. As John and I have talked about, this isn't - managing your portfolio is in an event. It's something you do every day, every month, every quarter. So as you see, it'll be an ongoing process. And then John, I'll let you speak to the numbers.
John Neppl: Yes, and in terms of the grain assets and how to think about invested capital, as you can imagine, we've owned these elevators for quite a long period of time. So the book value, the carrying value of those is really quite low, pretty small percentage of the total proceeds. So we will be reporting a gain on the sale. And - but probably, as importantly, we didn't carry a lot of working capital in these elevators between farmer payables, deferred farmer payables on average and the fact that they basically source product for our pipeline, we didn't carry a lot of working capital there. These really flow through elevators for us, primarily. So we don't expect a significant impact on invested capital. The real benefit is taking the proceeds and paying off debt initially and taking some of the costs out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: I'm just curious if you can speak to the different hedges. And I think, I believe you used the word majority in terms of recouping in the balance of the year. Could you kind of put some parameters around majority? And then just help us understand what, if any, risk is associated with the recovery of those hedges.
John Neppl: Sure. Let me walk through the pieces, Vincent, because it is pretty comprehensive. So overall, we had, as I mentioned, about $385 million in the Agribusiness. A total of $410 million, altogether, across the business. The $100 million that we mentioned associated with our soy processing and oilseed processing, that really will largely execute over the balance of this year. It was representative of coming into the quarter into Q1 largely covered. And then we had mentioned that at the end of the year, I think, on our year-end call that we came into the first quarter fairly heavily covered. And so, as the market moved at the end of the quarter, we recorded that $100 million. And that will largely unwind really a big chunk of it in Q2 as you think about where the - where we were booked out. And then beyond most all of that is expected to come through here in the fiscal year. The $195 million associated with hedging our oilseed pipeline or our veg oil pipeline into our Edible Oil customer is a little bit longer time period as that flows through. But again, expect the majority of that to execute during the year, really not necessarily any real risk in whether or not those execute, it's just timing. And then the other $20 million we had mentioned, we mentioned the $90 million on ocean freight. Again, vast majority of that will clear out this year as we execute on the underlying contracts. And then we had mentioned on the remaining $20 million on Edible Oils that $13 million of that was really a carry-in of income we took last year. So we have a small $6 million carryout. The - so we really expect that to roll out, again, a vast majority by the end of the year. But with the market moves we saw in April, a big chunk of our mark-to-market that we recognized in March, as you can imagine, has been affected already just given the decline in processing margins in April. So - but we feel confident that it's just execution to get most of this cleared off by the end of the year.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Very good. And if I could just ask on the Loders Croklaan business, have you had time to go back and see how that business performed in a recession? And I suspect even if COVID subsides later this year, we're still going to be in recessionary conditions well into next year.
Gregory Heckman: I don't know that we've had it long enough to do the analysis versus that as well as the changes that we've continued to make to bring along, not only the Loders Croklaan portfolio, but the combined legacy Bunge portfolio of products and services together with customers. What we are seeing, of course, in some of those areas where people are staying at home and eating different things, we're seeing demand be the same or higher in some areas. Of course, where you're a foodservice, of course, that's where the demand is really been hurt across the entire fats and oils portfolio. I will say from a total customer outlook, we've had good momentum the past couple of years and grown our share of wallet, the products that - the value-added products we're offering them, the breadth of the portfolio and really changing the way that we've worked with people around innovation. I will say since COVID, that has all accelerated. I think customers really appreciate the breadth of the portfolio. They have appreciated our reliability. They've appreciated our ability to solve problems and adapt, and continue to do some innovation from a distance. And what we're seeing through that is changing the nature of these relationships more quickly on the trust, on these going from less transactional to more partnership to bringing more products to them. So one of the net positives, I think, of the direction we were going with customers and the changes we were making, and it's actually accelerated that. And so some of the positive, I think, will be the strength of the customer relationships coming out the other side of this as the demand improves.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens Inc.
Ben Bienvenu: I want to ask on Sugar & Bioenergy. It sounded like, Greg, your commentary was that 2Q - or could have been John, that 2Q could be a little bit worse than 1Q. Recognizing that you probably have somewhat limited visibility and it's dependent on the recovery of demand, how representative of the year do you think kind of the first half looks? And then what can you do operationally with BP to mitigate these losses?
Gregory Heckman: I'll take just a start on that and I'll let John finish. Look, what we've done with BP is our combined teams have been down there. They're exceeding the cost synergies as executing very well on the plan. So we've got a stronger business with 2 great partners. We're coming out of the seasonally slow intercrop period. And from an - overall, as we get started on the crop from a business and how it's operating and how the team is working together, fine. We'll be in a position to get our share of the opportunity. The external factors, that is the one that will be the tough one to see how that plays out. And as we talked to you, you've got the underlying economics, and then you've got, if it ends up being any aid to the industry. But I think we've - we're trying to be on the front edge of that. And then specifically, I don't know, John, if you have anything else.
John Neppl: Yes. I think a couple of things. One is we - as we mentioned during the remarks that we're reporting on a 1-month lag. So we have pretty good visibility into March. What happened in March, and that's basis for our comments. Regarding Q2 as we saw a continued depreciation, in fact, most of the real depreciation in Q1 occurred in March. And so that's going to be reflective of Q2, and a big part of that will be additional impact on the translation losses on the U.S. dollar-denominated debt. This business is a combination of USD and real - USD-real business. The team was working on hedging that U.S. dollar debt. It's just been a difficult market environment. As you can imagine to get something like that done in Brazil, but they're continuing to work on that. We believe it probably makes sense to hedge part of that debt, just given the fact that part of the business is based on the underlying real and part of it's USD. So that's going to be part of the headwind. And I think just some of the carryover kind of in the first half, from Q1 into Q2. But I would say largely, I don't necessarily think that's indicative of a full here.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay. Great. I want to ask on the mark-to-market impacts. And with respect to your debt-to-EBITDA metric, how do the rating agencies account for that? Do they pull out those mark-to-market impacts when assessing your ratings?
John Neppl: Yes. They do have a good understanding of those, and so we take the time to explain those. And I would say that our feedback this week from the rating agencies, as we talk to them ahead of time, they understood that impact based on what has happened with the market and the volatility in the crush margins and veg oil markets. So they understand it. They're used to that conversation with us and they understand it's just timing and not necessarily cash-related.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Simonitsch from JPMorgan.
Tom Simonitsch: So could you expand on what is sustaining the Agribusiness outlook given where forward crush margins are today versus last quarter?
Gregory Heckman: Sure. From an outlook, what we're seeing is we do have a fair amount of crush hedged into Q3 and some into Q4. The kind of key factors, if you think about it from an overall, how we're thinking about the flags or the puts and takes, on the risk side, it's COVID, okay? If it continues to grow and dampen oil demand and biofuel demand, it takes longer before we see the recovery. The other risk is if ASF would turn to China in a big way or spread somewhere and if we got some trade disruptions. Again, that could cause a lot of volatility and, frankly, make it more difficult for customers and just managing margins overall. And then if Argentinian crush increased significantly, that could be tough on global margins. The other side of that, that we based our outlook on the curves without making any topside adjustments. But the other side of that coin is you've got reductions in the ethanol run, which, of course, reduces the amount of DDG with where wheat is priced globally right now, there should be less wheat fed. Both of those are good for soybean meal inclusion in the feed rations. So that helps the demand side there. And then currently, Argentina, the farmer is really - you did some selling early when they were worried about the tax, but now the farmers really stopped selling and that - just the overall difficulties there, we don't see that changing. That probably limits Argentina's run time. And then their competitiveness has also hurt right now with higher freight costs because of the low water in the Paraná River, and that looks like that's going to persist for a while. And that generally, when Argentina is lower on volume, that's better for our global crush margins. And then the other is that we see foodservice and biodiesel demand gradually improve. And if we saw meat exports to China, that, of course, would help the S&Ds, help protein prices to recover and offset some of the risk on the lower animal numbers that we've seen kind of in tandem with this quick cutback in foodservice demand.
Tom Simonitsch: That's helpful. And could you maybe just provide some more color on the foodservice exposure of your Edible Oils business by region? And maybe just some more detail on why Brazil was so weak in the first quarter?
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Foodservice, if you look, we're, of course, more heavily indexed to North America, U.S. and Canada, and to the larger QSRs, which, quite frankly, they have fared better through this and probably expect them to recover more quickly. If you think about geographically, we saw this happen in China first, then Europe, and then it's moving east to west in the U.S. and arriving South America last. So as we start to see the recovery in China, of course, we're watching that very, very closely. Brazil, generally, when we get the big depreciation in the real, that is good for Agribusiness, which, of course, is the bigger part of our business, but that does provide some headwinds on the food side of the business. And I think that's what we're seeing down there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research.
Heather Jones: So I wanted to ask just a real quick detail question. Did the elevators you sold, did they generate any meaningful positive EBIT?
John Neppl: Not really. No, just minimal.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then just going onto Edible Oils, and I fully appreciate the fully appreciate the lack of visibility. But just to give us some sense of, I mean, you mentioned, at the beginning - at the end of the month, I guess, April, it was about as "dark as it could be", and now you're seeing green shoots. Like, could you give us a sense of, I mean, are we looking at Edible Oils going back to Q2 '18 levels when it made roughly $10 million? I mean could it be a loss? I mean if you could just give us a sense of the range of outcomes for Q2.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. I think it's too early, right? We saw in late March, early April, right, the U.S. down a combined 40%, and the foodservice restaurants were off 70%. So how this opens and comes back, if we have any reinfection rates and reclosing, it could really change that. We're trying to understand the - what's the restocking versus the demand. So look, we're seeing some positive signs and we're seeing some orders pick up, but it's way too early to declare any victory.
John Neppl: Yes. I would just say, though, Heather, I don't - I'm sorry, this is John. I was just going to say, I don't think we're anticipating any kind of a negative result out of Edible Oils in Q2, though.
Heather Jones: Okay, perfect. Then I wanted to talk about animal protein production around the world. So there are signs, not just anecdotes, but the data showing that there's some liquidation efforts underway and boilers and a lot of anecdotes has the same thing that's going on, on the hog side. And it seems like fortunes for the protein producers in South America have started to get much more difficult. So wondering if you could walk us through what your anticipation is for mill demand in the early part of the year. And then how you see that evolving in late 2020 going into 2021? I hope that question makes sense.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Let me take a cut. If I don't hit the mark here, you can redirect. How's that? No doubt, as hard as foodservice came off, we're seeing reductions in poultry here in the U.S. It is coming off a high base in 2020, and I think everyone is trying to figure out how quickly it will come down. And as we restart, if that starts to send to signal where it stabilizes. There's not as good a data, of course, on the hogs, but definitely reduction there as well. And I think that's also related to when do we start to see some demand come back, and how does the industry - where does it stabilize, and/or do we see exports protein to China, which helps the pricing and lead. So as that's down a little bit, I think that's where we were looking at, some of the offsets of higher wheat feeding and less DDGs around so that inclusion rates offset some of the lower animal numbers. The other, if you just look at the FD, S&Ds, as we ran hard here so far this year, on our crush rates, margins were good. We also were uncomfortable having third parties in our facilities doing maintenance. So things that we could push back around maintenance, we did and ran hard. We're now starting to do those projects. So that, alone, will bring crush down a little bit from a supply side. And then as we said last year, we're managing margins. So we'll run for margin, and we'll run the crush to meet demand. But even in the U.S. here, we've - probably between maintenance and adjusting to some of it, we've crushed almost 10%. And then, the rest of the world on animals, China, definitely seeing - definitely, sell herds up and then seeing chicken up. And in Brazil, chicken was only up slightly with the numbers we were seeing, but pork was up. And of course, COVID's just arriving in South America, so we're going to have to all watch that closely.
Heather Jones: And how would you characterize the industry in Brazil? So if - with the decline they're seeing in demand there because of COVID, if protein producers need to scale back, I know the U.S. is the most rational, but is the industry down there relatively rational? Would we see a pullback in crush there, do you think?
Gregory Heckman: We're the largest down there, and it's always a trade-up for us there. If it doesn't make sense to crush, we'll export the beans. So we're running this machine for the best returns and the highest profits.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: My questions have been answered, but one follow-up on the debt for the Sugar JV. You said it was complex or difficult to fully hedge the currency out of it. Can you explain a little bit why? If you just had a futures contract that was short the real, wouldn't that have hedged out that currency exposure? Or it does - just not work that way?
John Neppl: Well, yes, the team was working on this really kind of methodically after the close of the transaction. And they had - it was on the slate to actually hedge out about half of the debt. And frankly, they just got caught with COVID, and they were working with a number of banks down there to do the hedge transaction. It just got cost-prohibitive really, is the issue. And the banks, the markets down there were probably, I'll say, more reactive than they were here in terms of the impact of COVID and the financial markets down there were in a bit more disarray. And it just became cost-prohibitive and difficult to get it done. And so they're continuing to work on it. I think that we're optimistic we'll get it done. I mean timing hasn't been great, but the team is focused on it, as well as executing underlying business. But - so we do expect to be able to get something done here, hopefully, this quarter.
Robert Moskow: Okay. So then maybe you've mentioned this already, but just in terms of FX exposure, how should I look at it from a forecasting perspective for the segment? Like is it a - if currency stays the same, what kind of a hit should I expect in 2Q and maybe 3Q?
John Neppl: Well, if the currency stays the same now, I think you'll see a similar impact in Q2 as we saw in Q1. Again, we closed March around 5.2, I think, on the real. And that was about a comparable uptick to what we saw in Jan, Feb, or Dec, Jan, Feb. So I would expect a similar impact on the debt side on the translation loss. In terms of the underlying business, it's going to depend on a lot of things, because it is the ethanol and sugar portion that is dollar business, and so that's going to depend on a number of other factors, not just the currency exchange rate. But on the translation loss side, I think for Q2, I would expect something similar, absent a big change from here. Q3, really no way to predict that at this point. So...
Robert Moskow: I mean - well, so this is a big swing versus expectations at the start of the year. You also said that overall EPS, you expect to be lower than what you thought at the start of the year. To what extent can we say that that's related to the Sugar business versus the core business?
John Neppl: Yes. I would say probably the biggest delta we've had from our initial forecast is Sugar. We've got, as Greg mentioned, a little bit of weakness on the Edible Oils side. We feel good about Agribusiness, but Sugar is the biggest delta, for sure. And we're supporting the team down there to try to get it - to try to see what we can do, but we got a good team down there. It's just a tough environment right now for that business. So - but BP is committed to it. We're committed to it. We're having a lot of dialogue with the team and feel confident we've got the right team running it. It's just a tough environment. But that is definitely the biggest move right now.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Just to reiterate, on the Agribusiness, we still see the line of sight to delivering our original outlook. On Edible Oils, of course, with what's happened here with COVID and foodservice, that will be off some, and it just depends how quick the recovery is, how much that's off. And then the big delta, as John said, is Sugar & Bioenergy and that's - there's a lot to play out there as we just come out of intercrop and seeing how things shake out. But the team is doing a good job. We've got the right team. We've got the right partner, and we'll keep you updated.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I'm showing no additional questions. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you very much for joining the call today, and I'm happy to assist with any follow-up questions you have.
Operator: And with that, ladies and gentlemen, we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Limited Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for our fourth quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk and uncertainty. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We're happy to be joining the call from our new headquarters in St. Louis this morning. So let's get started. On slide 3, you can see the agenda for today's call. I'll start with some thoughts on our 2019 accomplishments through the lens of our key priorities, and then I'll provide an overview of the fourth quarter before handing it over to John, who'll go into more depth on our performance. I'll conclude with our outlook for 2020 and then we'll open up the line for your questions. With that, let's turn to slide 4. In 2019, the team did an excellent job executing in the face of great complexity and many moving parts both internally and externally. We effectively managed the things under our control and made substantial progress against our key priorities. We drove improved operational performance, we took action to optimize the portfolio and we increased our financial discipline and rigor, especially around capital allocation. On operational performance, our total oilseed crush volume and capacity utilization rates were the highest in the past five years. Our soy and sunseed crushing operations achieved the lowest industrial unit costs in that same time frame. These improvements helped us weather the difficult markets in 2019 and allowed us to capture more margin, when we had the opportunity. We moved from a regional structure to a global operating model, simplifying how we operate and aligning incentives to the whole rather than the parts. With that, we reduced the number of bonus pools dramatically, incentivized teams to work together toward the common goals of Bunge. We've received positive internal feedback about our headquarters move with clear evidence of improved efficiency, collaboration and shared insights as a result. We'll be fully moved into St. Louis by the end of Q2. Our new operating model allows us to focus on what's most important. Our business relationships on both ends of the value chain, farmers and customers, while facing fewer internal distractions. In short, we're working as one team better able to focus on driving results and operating the business with better visibility and more accountability. Moving to slide 5. While we've made substantial improvements to our portfolio, we continue to execute against other identified opportunities with the goal to be substantially finished by the end of the second quarter. We completed our Sugar & Bioenergy 50-50 joint venture with BP and announced an agreement to also sell our margin to manage assets in Brazil. Recently SIRE a U.S. ethanol producer repurchased our stake in that business. We also completed several smaller transactions, selling several idled grain facilities in Eastern Europe, and two idled wheat milling sites in Brazil, while also optimizing our South American grain footprint to improve capacity utilization by closing seven other grain facilities. Turning to slide 6. We've increased our financial discipline and rigor, continuing our work to identify and capture cost savings opportunities. In 2019, we achieved approximately $50 million in savings from our previously established Global Competitiveness Program and are driving additional savings opportunities from our more recent efforts. Combined with the operational and portfolio actions we took in 2019, Bunge is getting more streamlined with line of sight to additional improvement opportunities. We also changed our approach to risk management, with a focus on taking risk appropriate for the earnings power of Bunge and the environment we're operating within. This approach allows us to better capture the earnings power available in the physical and financial flows, provided by our global asset base. This is especially true, when market conditions change as they did during the fourth quarter. We're committed to pursuing a disciplined capital allocation strategy. Capital deployment decisions will be the result of a deliberate process anchored by high-quality analysis and stress testing on the front end, as well as performing post project reviews. Moving to the next slide. Because we're managing risk better, while running our assets harder, when margins in certain markets improved in Q4, we delivered better earnings than we had earlier anticipated. Looking ahead to 2020, we feel good about our transformation and our ability to adapt to what we expect to remain a challenging and volatile environment. We have a lot of momentum coming out of Q4 that will help us move ahead. And taking into account the current margin environment and lack of visibility into the back half of the year, we expect 2020 EPS to be broadly in line with what we earned in 2019, when excluding notable items, our gain on Beyond Meat and the depreciation benefit of the Sugar & Bioenergy segment. With that, I'll hand it over to John to walk us through our financial results and the 2020 outlook in greater detail.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg and good morning everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide 8. Our reported fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations was a loss of $0.48 compared to a loss of $0.51 in the fourth quarter of 2018. Adjusted EPS was $1.27 in the fourth quarter versus $0.08 in the prior year. Our reported results included $239 million in net charges of which approximately $102 million related to various portfolio initiatives and $76 million to the partial impairment of goodwill recorded on the acquisition of Loders Croklaan. We have achieved the vast majority of our targeted and integration synergies associated with this acquisition and although we are making progress on revenue synergies, we are achieving them at a slower pace than we had forecast when we completed the deal. Importantly, the goodwill write-down was a result of our annual impairment test and not triggered by a specific event. Loders is the unique asset. And this charge has now -- not changed our positive view on this business or its long-term potential. Total segment earnings before interest and taxes or EBIT was $44 million in the quarter versus $70 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, total segment EBIT was $283 million in the quarter versus $107 million in the prior year. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $177 million compared to $55 million last year. Higher segment results in the quarter, reflected improved execution, particularly in managing risk throughout our grain and oilseeds value chains. In Oilseeds, lower soy processing results in the U.S. and Europe, reflected particularly strong margins a year ago. Softseed results improved when compared to last year due to strong oil demand and seed supplies. As expected, Oilseeds' results were negatively impacted by approximately $95 million in mark-to-market reversals on soy crushing contracts, which favorably impacted our third quarter results. An increase in soy crush margins during the fourth quarter resulted in new mark-to-market losses on forward contracts. However, these losses were largely offset by mark-to-market gains on forward hedges, related to our softseed and palm oil supply chains that serve our downstream Edible Oils customers. As a result, we entered 2020 with only a small net mark-to-market balance. Improved results in oilseed trading and distribution were primarily due to better positioning. In Grains, higher results were primarily driven by origination in South America. Brazilian farmer selling increased as local prices improved. And in Argentina, farmers accelerated sales in anticipation of a change in export taxes. Ocean freight results benefited from good fleet positioning and management. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $84 million compared to $73 million in Q4 of 2018. Edible Oils adjusted results of $67 million were up $11 million from last year driven by better results in North America and Asia, which more than offset lower results in South America.  Results in Europe were comparable to last year. Excluding approximately $13 million of favorable timing differences on hedges that will reverse in 2020 segment results were lower than in prior year. Milling adjusted EBIT of $17 million for the quarter were similar to the prior year as higher results in Mexico were offset by lower results in the U.S. and Brazil. In Sugar & Bioenergy fourth quarter 2019 results reflect Bunge's ownership through November. Adjusted EBIT of $52 million in the quarter was $100 million higher than the prior year. The increase is mainly due to improved agricultural yields and operational execution that drove lower unit costs as well as higher Brazilian ethanol pricing and higher sugar pricing and volume. Results also benefited from approximately $38 million of lower depreciation when compared to last year due primarily to the business being classified as held for sale. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT of $26 million was in line with the prior year. Adjusting for all notable items the effective tax rate for the year was approximately 16%. The lower-than-expected tax rate was primarily due to earnings mix as we report a strong fourth quarter results in regions with favorable tax rates. Let's turn to slide 9 and SG&A. When the company announced its Global Competitiveness Program in July 2017, the goal was to achieve a reduction in SG&A cost of $250 million by the end of 2020 as compared to its 2017 addressable SG&A baseline of $1.35 billion. With hard work and the commitment of our employees, Bunge achieved this savings one -- target one year ahead of plan. This slide bridges the savings to what we report in our SG&A expense line reflecting unaddressable costs, changes in our business portfolio such as the Loders Croklaan acquisition and other factors that impact our SG&A such as inflation, foreign exchange, GCP program costs and variable compensation. The $252 million of cost reductions is roughly equally split between indirect spending and employee costs. The company incurred approximately $150 million of one time execution costs over the life of this program. Moving to slide 10 cash flow highlights. For 2019, we generated approximately $1.1 billion of adjusted funds from operations a similar level to prior year. The cash flow generation enabled us to comfortably fund our CapEx and dividend and to reduce our debt. As you can see on slide 11, our debt largely finances our inventories with approximately 80% of our net debt being used to finance readily marketable inventory at the end of 2019. Working capital ended the year a bit higher than we were targeting primarily due to elevated commercial activity in Q4 especially in South America resulting in increases in farmer advances, accounts receivable balances and unrealized gains on derivatives used to hedge commercial commitments. Turning to slide 12 we have committed credit facilities approximately $4.3 billion all of which was available at the end of quarter and we had a cash balance of $320 million. Total committed credit facilities dropped from $5 billion last quarter to $4.3 billion as a result of a $700 million revolving credit facility being converted into a term loan and then transferred on a non-recourse basis to the Sugar & Bioenergy joint venture. Proceeds received from the $700 million debt transfer and a further $75 million received from BP were largely used to pay down balances outstanding under the company's commercial paper program and credit facilities. Moving to slide 13 and our full year summary of capital allocation. We generated adjusted fund from operations of approximately $1.1 million. From this total CapEx spending was $524 million which was about $25 million lower original guidance for the year. This included $118 million CapEx for Sugar & Bioenergy, which will not be incurred by Bunge going forward. We paid $317 million in dividends to shareholders. This left us with approximately $215 million of retained cash flow that we allocated toward debt reduction and working capital. Please turn to slide 14 and a return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average adjusted return on invested capital was 7.9% overall, well above the 5% the prior year. Excluding our Sugar & Bioenergy segment, ROIC was 7.7% versus 6.5% last year. We are currently reviewing our stated weighted-average cost of capital of 7%. Based on our preliminary review, we believe the 7% we have been referring to maybe higher than our actual lag. If we determine there is a more appropriate rate to use going forward, we will communicate that in the future quarter. Whether or not we make that change our targeted ROIC of 9% will remain unchanged. Moving to slide 15 and our outlook for 2020. As Greg mentioned in his remarks, we expect 2020 EPS to be largely in line with what we earned in 2019, when excluding notable items our gain on Beyond Meat and the depreciation benefit in the Sugar & Bioenergy segment. In Agribusiness, we expect full year results to be down from 2019, based upon current forward market structure. However, actual origination processing and distribution margins will evolve based on fulfillment of the U.S.-China trade agreements, crop sizes and farmer commercialization. In Food & Ingredients, we expect full year results in Edible Oils and Milling to be similar to 2019, excluding approximately $13 million of favorable Q4 2019 timing differences, which are expected to be negative to 2020. In Fertilizer, we expect the full year results to be down versus a particularly strong 2019 and for results to be similar to 2018. In Sugar & Bioenergy, market fundamentals have improved versus 2019, driven by sustained Brazilian ethanol market prospects and better year-over-year sugar prices. For 2020, we expect an effective tax rate in the range of 19% to 23%, net interest expense of approximately $230 million, CapEx in the range of $400 million to $450 million, and depreciation and amortization of approximately $465 million. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. As John noted, we're still faced with uncertainty in 2020. We expect markets to remain volatile as long as U.S. and China trade tensions and ASF continue to create uncertainty. It's too early to tell what if any impact the coronavirus situation will have on our markets or how developments in Argentina may affect the industry this year. So, you can see why it's important that our team remains nimble. We'll continue to focus on improving industrial operations, honing our approach to risk management, being disciplined about capital deployment and working in ways that allow us to quickly adjust to changing market dynamics to maximize the earnings potential of our global platform. I want to reiterate how impressed and appreciative I am by the team's ability to navigate a challenging external environment this year, while also implementing significant internal change. We've got a tremendous foundation of processing and distributing assets and a great team who's improving our execution with them. We're already seeing the benefits of those changes and we expect them to continue. I look forward to sharing more with you as we continue our work. We'll also provide more detail on our strategy and earnings power at our Investor Day, which we're planning to hold in late second quarter. More detail to come on that. And with that, I'll open the call to questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: Greg, John I was hoping maybe to start clarify and provide a little bit more color on the guidance. So first at the EPS level, adjusted EPS in 2019 was $4.58. Beyond Meat and the sugar benefit, I believe were about $0.90. So, is that -- you're saying broadly is a roughly $3.70 of EPS. I just wanted to clarify that just on the as and when?
John Neppl: That's very close, yeah. The combination of sugar and Beyond was about $0.86, so you're really close.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's super helpful. So then, digging into the operating guidance. Maybe within that just quantify I mean what -- there should be I imagine some year-on-year benefits from the SG&A reductions that you've been implementing, the headquarter rationalization, some of the asset moves that you've taken, over the course of 2019. Just can you quantify some of those internal tailwinds that I would think are embedded in the numbers? And then, within the Agribusiness unit, maybe frame a little bit, kind of some of the puts and takes between the Grain side and Oilseeds and kind of how you're thinking about, the two sides of the market there. Thanks.
John Neppl: Yeah. Adam, I'm sorry. Can you repeat your question around cost side? I didn't -- I'm not sure...
Adam Samuelson: Yeah, yeah, so just -- I mean in terms of the SG&A cuts that you've been implementing over the course of the last year, as you continued the Global Competitiveness Program. I'd imagine that there would be some carryover benefit, 2020 versus 2019, embedded in your EBIT forecast. Can you quantify those? I mean just benefits from internal initiatives that you're including in the EBIT forecast that you've laid out?
John Neppl: Yeah. First, I think that, probably important to know the first half of the year, you know we still got some I'll say redundant costs associated with our transfer of employees to St. Louis. And some of the execution we're doing around, a rewiring. We will continue to have some higher costs probably the first half of the year, as those programs run out. I do -- we do expect a measurable reduction next year in SG&A, particularly at the corporate level. At this point, from just a pure overhead standpoint. If you think about a run-rate basis, we saved about $50 million last year from the beginning of the year to the end of the year of additional costs. And I think heading into 2020, we should have a comparable -- hopefully a comparable number going throughout the year and next year, or maybe a little bit less than that. Because as we cut deeper and deeper into the organization, it gets a little bit tougher. But, we are expecting somewhere probably in the neighborhood of $25 million to $50 million of additional cost savings next year.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. The other thing probably worth mentioning, John mentioned all the rewire work that continues to go on, in the first half. But also the resources around all the portfolio work we're doing here, in the first half. So some of it has been announced but hasn't closed yet and some of the ongoing work. And with our target of getting the majority of that wrapped up. We're in a position to at least be able to speak to what we're doing, by the end of the second quarter, which will then give us -- get us in a position as John said, to make the balance of those changes and kind of come out of 2020 with the run rate that we're looking to go forward.
Adam Samuelson: Yeah.
Greg Heckman: And of course that's the kind of thing we'll also drill into more detail, during Investor Day.
John Neppl: Yeah. I don't think we'll be on, our revised run rate until late -- back half of the year. And I think, once we get out of 2020, at the end of the year we should start with a much cleaner cost base, at the end of 2020, heading into 2021.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then, just broadly just the Agribusiness unit specifically, just help a bit -- just lay out the kind of the different assumptions on crushing and the grain side.
Greg Heckman: Yeah. As we look at 2020, as we've talked, we've got pretty good momentum coming out of Q4 here. And we've got pretty good visibility into the first half. And we'd even say that the first half looks positive. I think the challenge is, really know very, very little visibility into the second half. And then you've got the big flags around the China trade the Argentina, economic situation, coronavirus, it's possible, effect on demand. You've got the margin curves in crush outside of U.S. -- are heavily inverted. And second half replacement margin is definitely not attractive. And then of course U.S., the soy crush margins are significantly below last year, what we've seen. So I think that's really the drivers inside of the Agri business, which is the big piece. And then of course around the distribution is the timing of the Phase 1. And we're lacking the details, really about timing and products. And then already some talk about, maybe a delay due to coronavirus. So, that's kind of the key drivers that we've put this together with.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate all that color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Tom Simonitsch of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Simonitsch: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Tom
John Neppl: Hi, Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: So, on the latest goodwill impairment you noted synergies are coming slower than you expected. Can you just remind us on those synergy targets and how they've changed?
Greg Heckman: Yeah. Let me frame that up. The one thing that I want to be really clear about is, we definitely believe in the value of that platform. That was a wonderful opportunity. This is the kind of asset that only trades once and we were -- and we were glad to get that opportunity. We've continued to deliver on all of our cost targets. We fully integrated the team. We're going to market as one company and able to continue to benefit from the combined legacy Bunge business and legacy Loders business. The gap we have had had been on the timing of delivering the top line synergies. And those are not coming as fast as we had planned. We do love the business because fats and oils is definitely on trend. It's right in our wheelhouse. It's an adjacent space as a value -- allows us to value up our fats and oils platform. And we definitely are at the table with customers having conversations and working on projects that -- I was just with the senior sales team last week and they said, we wouldn't have been in this position a couple of years ago. And it's the global presence. It's the end-to-end product and technical capabilities, and frankly, it's the record on sustainability, which Bunge's done a really fantastic job. And while we're on Loders, we've got some important product launches this year. In our infant nutrition, we've extended our award-winning Betapol with the new high-concentration formulas. In the confection space, we're launching a reduced sugar fat system, and we did that work with one of our venture companies. And this allows us to put less sugar to be used for the same sweetness. We're really excited about where that can go. And then on the plant-based area, which has garnered so much activity, so much investment, we've got a line of fats to replace animal fats in a range of products from veggie burgers to beverages. And we're working with over a handful of global customers in getting some traction there. So, while we were slow in delivering the top line this is a great property and this is going to create a lot of value for shareholders long-term.
John Neppl: And I think this may be worth mentioning, Greg, the driver of the impairment was really just a shortfall to our overall model that we had built when we bought the business, but we still did achieve pretty good growth year-over-year inside that business. So, very positive growth just not quite at the level of what we expected when we priced the business. So that drove the impairment, but again as I mentioned on the -- in my remarks, that was just driven by our annual review of goodwill. It wasn't any single event that created -- caused the staff to take a separate look at it.
Tom Simonitsch: Understood. Thank you. And then just on capital allocation, you paid down some debt with proceeds from the JV this last quarter. What needs to happen if you just start buying back shares?
John Neppl: Well, it's something we talked about. We haven't bought back shares for a few years now I think and as Greg and I have commented, we're taking a hard look at everything. It hasn't been a priority on capital allocation up to this point. Certainly, it's a bucket we look at and talk about and we will do so in 2020. I think the question is really when we look at opportunities it's up to us to find good ways to create value for the shareholder by reinvesting capital. And if we can't find a better alternative then share buyback is certainly on the table. We haven't finished sort of our plan for 2020 exactly how we want to allocate all the capital. We do have a fair amount of money earmarked as I mentioned $400 million to $450 million for CapEx. And we always hold a little bit back and determine whether or not the right thing is going to be debt reduction, if we have some sort of an acquisition opportunity or share repurchase, but it's certainly on the table. And -- but I would say at this point, we don't have any hard to signal one way or the other.
Tom Simonitsch: I’ll pass it on. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you and good morning everyone.
Greg Heckman: Hey, good morning Vincent.
Vincent Andrews: If you could just clarify for me on the share repurchases and the alternative uses of capital. I mean, I guess, the way I think I would be thinking about it is that you're going to have an Analyst Day in June. Presumably you're going to tell us that your earnings power is higher than what you're run rating at and that your stock's undervalued. So why wouldn't your shares today the best alternative use of capital because you'd presumably be buying them at a discount which I think you were versus going out and paying a premium for somebody else's business?
John Neppl: Yeah. It's always a trade-off. I agree. And I'd like to think between now and – our plan would be between now and June to provide you a better clarity on what our capital allocation plan will be. Yeah, it's – we hear from shareholders and investors some that like share buyback and some that don't. And so for us, we really have to just look at it and say as we kind of hit the reset here with the company and develop a go-forward strategy, I would say, it'll get equal airtime discussion with anything else we have to capital. I just can't sit here today and commit to you that we're going to purchase share or how many we're going to purchase. But certainly, if it becomes clear that's the best alternative for our capital then we'd be foolish not to take that into consideration and make it part of our allocation.
Vincent Andrews: Okay.
Greg Heckman: Look our first order of business is continue to execute to get the cash in the house, and that's continue to execute operationally, and continue the balance of our portfolio work, and then to be able to have that strong debate in the boardroom.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. That's fair enough. And if I could just ask John a follow-up on working capital. Obviously, it built in the – towards the end of the year and obviously that was part of why the earnings were better. Should we expect some type of reversal next year holding commodity prices constant just because farmer selling was advanced and so forth? Or how should we be thinking about cash flow in 2020 relative to a roughly flat underlying EPS event?
John Neppl: Yeah. I think our bias right now based on what we look at today, we do – we would expect it to revert a bit. And so we would expect the change in working capital next year to be a net positive for cash flow at this point. To your point though, all else being equal commodity prices et cetera, I would agree with your comment.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much guys. And congratulations on the quarter.
John Neppl: You bet.
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Benj Bienvenu of Stephens Inc. Please go ahead.
Benj Bienvenu: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ben.
John Neppl: Good morning, Ben.
Benj Bienvenu: Ask about – you talked about the ROIC target. You talked about WACC. I want to ask about the ROIC as it relates to the components of that target. Would you expect a greater proportion of the move towards 9% comes from your earnings so the numerator or your reduced invested capital the denominator? Kind of how are you all thinking about the contribution as you move forward?
John Neppl: Yeah. That's a great question. So, yeah, there is a couple of things. One is through the portfolio of actions we've been taking throughout the year. So if you look at the gap where we finished here at 7.9% to get to 9% that's 1.1% if you think about that purely on an earnings perspective that's less than $4 a ton on our crush margin based on our volume for this year. So it puts into perspective, it could be achievable to the revenue side, but we're not going to rely on that necessarily to try to get us there. Obviously, driving earnings is an important piece of it. But as we look at the portfolio of actions, we've taken this year half that gap over half that gap could be made up just by a reduction in invested capital based on the actions we've taken. Some of those have been announced, but haven't been executed yet. So I think we would view – our goal to get to 9% at this point to be half driven by portfolio action, half driven by driving earnings. It's probably a good baseline.
Benj Bienvenu: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then I want to ask about the Edible Oils business but kind of the just the veggie oil market more broadly, obviously had a great back half of the year in palm oil, soybean oil. The market has been volatile here year-to-date with coronavirus. And so I'm just curious, if you could just give us your view to the extent you have visibility on the vegetable oil market and palm oil and soybean oil in particular in the nearest term?
Greg Heckman: Sure. The – I think one of the keys is the last time we were all together, if you remember crush margins were pretty tough. Crush has slowed in some regions. That had tightened up oil a bit. And then with the lower palm production, we saw the palm market rally at the same time rally on price at the same time that oil supplies tightened into the end of year and that – some of those dynamics is also what helped us deliver Q4. We believe that could tighten further coming here into 2020. Softseed margins continue to be good outside the EU. And then we've got biodiesel creating a lot of demand for refining capacity and that's a net positive for the oil outlook as well, when you look at the mandates the U.S. going from 2.1 billion gallons to 2.43 billion here in 2020, so there are a lot of things driving. I think the big overlay is global demand, but that's yet to be seen.
Benj Bienvenu: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks. Good luck.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: Hi, thanks. Greg and John, the -- if I think about the potential for a rebound for your business through China, I would imagine it would be a resumption of normal trade flows, but then also rebuilding of the pig herd in China following the African swine fever impact. I imagine you've been conservative on both of those factors. Is it -- does it make sense to think of them both as incremental to your business or is one bigger than the other? Or is there any way to quantify it?
Greg Heckman: I'm not sure there's a way to quantify it. I think in China on ASF, we do think that about 40% of the herd was liquidated. It looks like we think that's done as long as we don't get ASF to come back a resurgence of it. And some of the demand has improved and some of the small people have been able to switch over to poultry to chicken quickly. And then we've seen sales rebound 2%, so hope that the worst is in there. As far as to the U.S.-China trade, no doubt we're always a big fan of markets that are economic and clear and concise and open fair and free trade, but regardless of that I'm glad we've got a global platform and this great team running it. And so we'll continue to stay in the position for a number of outcomes and not try to over guess what's going to happen. And if you really kind of tried to frame up the drivers as you look at 2020, we took our outlook right and we based that visibility on the curves. And we didn't give any adjustments plus or minus versus what you can look through today around trade, ASF or the coronavirus. If you looked at the challenges the things you don't want to see happen, you wouldn't want to see ASF return to China or spread. You wouldn't want to see coronavirus continue to grow, which would be tough on oil and meal demand. And you wouldn't want to see these trade disruptions continue in a way that's bad for margins on crushing as well as distribution and then you wouldn't want to see animal numbers decline overall. And you also probably don't want to see Argentinian crush run up and run at high volumes uneconomically. On the flip side, what you do want to root for would be seeing oil demand continue to tighten as we just talked about as it has been. We see the annual -- the animal numbers grow which means no spread of ASF. Argentina would remain slow as it is now. We'd see wheat continue to remain tight. And the outlook right now is there'll be less wheat fed. And of course that means it's not competing with soybean meal. It's better for soybean meal demand. And then the coronavirus ends up being a flash and goes away, so we're not even talking about it next quarter. We see a little bit of improvement in the Brazilian economy after the pension reform last year. That was definitely positive. And so we'd like to see the Brazilian economy continue to improve. That would be good for really all of our businesses. And then see U.S. meat exports improve which would be constructive to prices and that would continue to keep the animal numbers high in the U.S. and be good for demand. So if there's -- the list of things to root for if you need me to e-mail them, I'd be happy to do that.
Rob Moskow: I think I'll just rely on the transcript. Thanks. But if I can ask you one little element of that. I think you said you would root for oil demand to continue to tighten is that what you said? Because I would think you would want demand to be stronger on oil. What I get…
Greg Heckman: Yes. Sorry. By demand growing the S&D picture tight. Sorry if that's not clear enough.
Rob Moskow: Okay. Got it. Okay. Thank you. 
Greg Heckman: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead. 
Heather Jones: Good morning. Congratulations on the quarter. 
Greg Heckman: Thank you very much.
Heather Jones: Yes. I wanted to clarify something you said earlier Greg. Did you say the first half outlook for Agribusiness is positive and that you are lacking visibility -- the visibility isn't good in the back half?
Greg Heckman: That's correct. You just…
Heather Jones: So thinking about the cadence of the quarters right now and given there's a little visibility in the back half is it fair to assume -- I know you didn't quantify how much you are anticipating Agribusiness being down but when we're thinking about how the year is going to play out are you expecting at this point that first half Agribusiness would be up year-on-year and in the back half potentially down? How should we be thinking about that?
Greg Heckman: We -- there are so many moving pieces. And in this business the one thing we've seen with it being seasonal and cyclical and the fact that we do operate across the value chain the one thing we know right is that margin can move from one area of our business to another and it can move from one quarter to another. So I'm really hesitant to try to put the specificity really around the quarters. That's why we kind of like to talk to the full year and where we're trending. So as we talked about momentum out of Q4 we feel that momentum and what we've been able to do to protect margins in the first half and kind of the outlook of -- as we look through we feel good about the momentum coming in. If you look first half year-over-year Q2 was pretty big prior year.
Heather Jones: Okay. Okay. But Q1 an easier comp. And then moving on to edible oil. So your comments were all bullish and -- which I share that view. So given that -- I was sort of surprised about the outlook language. I mean you guys had mentioned that Q3 of 2019 that it was probably not good to run rate that because pretty much everything went right but you talked about fundamentals being good. And now you're talking about similar year-on-year excluding the timing effect. And so just wondering because your qualitative commentary sounds really bullish, but then the quantitative commentary doesn't sound as much. And just wondering if you could help me reconcile the two.
Greg Heckman: Well, the flip side would maybe be some of the things in Brazil. What we've seen while it's been helpful for the Agribusiness has probably been a little bit challenging for Food & Ingredients. So there are a number of puts and takes across the portfolio. I think we are concerned from a demand overall with -- just as we talked about the number of unknowns in the marketplace between the ASF the Coronavirus Argentinian situation. Yes. And I don't know if I have a better -- a more specific look than that.
Heather Jones: So there's some conservatism built into that commentary related to potential demand impact from Coronavirus?
Greg Heckman: I think what we've tried to do is look through and tell you what we can see and not what we hope is going to happen.
Heather Jones: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everybody. 
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just a couple of questions. One is when you think about the portfolio change that you've done can you quantify if that was not done how much your profits would have been down relative to where you were? Or kind of said differently based on what you've done how much have you improved off a base level or some sort of quantitative view on that?
John Neppl: Yes. I think the -- if you think about the actions that we've actually taken or that had been announced, so I'll go that way because we've got a couple that are going to close here a couple of small things that are going to close here shortly. Now -- and one of those of course our margarine and mayo business that we sold and announced in South America. We would -- just on the things that we've announced or executed, we would expect EBIT -- EBIT is going to accrete $10 million to $15 million, but probably more importantly should be an accretion on the share price around $0.25, driven by both EBIT accretion and lower interest cost going forward from proceeds. So that would of course include sugar and that's assuming our sugar JV performs at what we expect it to on the earnings side. So, we do expect some reasonable amount of accretion here based on what we've done already. And then of course, we're continuing to look at other opportunities.
Ken Zaslow: And what about the utilization rate. I thought you said also that there was a greater -- I think the first comment that was said was the utilization rate was all-time high and cost is all-time low or something like that -- or five-year low. I think that was interesting. So I'm just trying to figure out, how that all played out because that doesn't seem to always be included in the hard numbers.
Greg Heckman: Yes. And some of that is really the operating model and how the commercial teams and the industrial teams are really working hand in glove about getting the assets one in shape to run when the margins are there and then getting us positioned to get -- to capture the earnings at risk existing in that asset base, so that we can run our assets harder and not have any unscheduled downtime, whether it's for maintenance or whether it's for commercial things. So, I think the team has been much more nimble and especially in this environment being able to flex our global system and keep our assets full when the margins are there. So, that's been a result of some footprint, but a lot operating model in the team. And then as John talked about, some of the portfolio changes that we've made as those things close and we unwire them from the organization then worked to get the stranded costs out. Those are things that are in fly. They're not an overnight flip the switch.
Ken Zaslow: Yes, I agree. It just seems like there's more -- I guess what I was trying to figure out is out of all these building blocks, it sounds like there's at least $50 million to $75 million of incremental profit that has been built up through corporate actions and I don't know for sure, but that's what it seems like. I just didn't know if there's a way to quantify utilization rates costs and portfolio management into three buckets of how to actually think of the incremental earnings from internal actions.
Greg Heckman: Well, what we're going to try to do is prove it by delivering quarter at a time and then being real transparent about how we deliver it.
Ken Zaslow: My follow-up question is, when you think about your portfolio management by the end of the second quarter, is that really the end of it? Because it seems like there is still a fair bit of assets under the Bunge umbrella that may be earning return on invested capital that might be dilutive to your 9%. How much has to be done after that? And what is the progression in terms of how we're going to expect to see that? And I'm going to leave...
Greg Heckman: Yes. How we've been talking about internally, we had -- going to be initial portfolio review and put our target list together and the things that you've seen done and the things that we have teams working against today and that are underway. Those were pushing to be able as we said to have finished or in a position to announce our intentions by the end of the second quarter, when we do the Investor Day because, what -- our goal is to be clear about what asset base. We continue to run going forward and be able to talk about the earnings power of that and our growth plans. That doesn't mean and as we've told the team, running a great business is constantly challenging in the things that aren't making the return hurdles that they either have a plan to get there on a very short time line or they have exit plans. And that never stops. That's continuous improvement. That's like GCP is a muscle memory and now we are challenging and chasing our best metrics across our global platform to continue to drive cost out in a continuous improvement just like risk management. We're never going to be perfect. It's always trying to get better. It's continuous improvement. So, this just becomes the culture of how we're running the company. So, that it's not an event it's an everyday event.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. I appreciate it. Thank you, very much.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Ann Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thanks for your interest in Bunge. And if you have any further questions, please follow-up with me. Have a good day.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions]. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please also note, today's event is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference call over to Ms. Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President of Investor Relations. Ma'am, lease go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator, and thank you for joining us this morning for third quarter earnings call. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I'd like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer, and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann. And good morning, everyone. We'll start things off on slide three with the agenda for today's call today. Today, I'll provide a high-level overview of our quarterly results and then cover the progress we're making against our key priorities, which as expected resulted in a bit of noise in our reported results. I'll then give you an overview of our outlook for the rest of the year before handing it over to John who will give you more detail around the financials. We'll then open up the line for your questions.  Let's turn to slide four. Excluding notable items which were largely the accounting charges related to portfolio restructuring and our headquarters move, our core business performed ahead of our expectations for the quarter despite the uncertain and deteriorating market conditions impacting our industry. In Agribusiness, crush margins declined during the quarter, especially near the end of the period and our grain business was impacted by ongoing trade issues and a delayed US harvest. Nevertheless, our team did a great job in mitigating those challenges and our results were positively impacted by our risk management actions. Results in Edible Oils were strong, reflecting favorable industry dynamics and good execution.  As I noted, a lot of the noise in our results this quarter is connected to the strategic actions we are taking. In July, we announced our agreement with BP to contribute our Brazilian sugar and bioenergy business to a new 50-50 joint venture. As a result of this, we've reclassified that business as held for sale and taken the expected $1.6 billion charge we discussed on our last call. We remain very excited about the transaction and our new partnership with BP. It checks the boxes across all of our strategic criteria, reducing our exposure to Brazilian sugar and bioenergy, allowing us to strengthen our balance sheet and, importantly, enabling us to increase our focus on our core businesses. We're on track to close the transaction before year-end as planned. Also, in the third quarter, we took a big step forward in our work to streamline our global business structure, with the announcement that we're moving our global headquarters to St. Louis where our North American headquarters is already located. This move will allow us to better align with our commercial teams and drive additional efficiencies, with cost reductions as an additional output. Although we were happy with our execution third quarter, underlying market conditions and forward curves have continued to be very challenging and we expect the fourth quarter to reflect those weaker conditions. Consistent with how we've been talking about flat earnings year-over-year, which excludes notable items, the impact of our investment in Beyond Meat and the benefit of approximately $70 million of lower sugar depreciation, we now expect the gap versus 2018 of between $0.15 and $0.20 a share. The markets are being driven largely by the macro factors that we've discussed on our past calls. African swine fever continues to impact demand for soy meal. And along with the US-China trade situation, both typical trade flows and producer marketing patterns have been and continue to be distorted.  We'll continue to monitor these factors. And as we did in our third quarter, utilize our global footprint to navigate the environment in the best possible manner, while also implementing our internal changes. I'll now turn the call over to John to go through the numbers in greater detail.
John Neppl : Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. Let's turn to the earnings highlights in slide six. Our reported third quarter earnings per share from continuing operations was a loss of $10.57 compared to a gain of $2.39 in the third quarter of 2018. Adjusted EPS was $1.41 in Q3 versus $2.52 in the prior year.  Our reported results included approximately $1.7 billion in charges related to portfolio initiatives, primarily consisting of approximately $1.6 billion of impairment and other charges related to our Brazilian sugarcane milling business. As shown on the next slide, as a result of this impairment, total shareholders' equity has been temporarily reduced by approximately $1.5 billion, reflecting the impairment loss recorded in the period. When the transaction closes later this year, the related $1.5 billion of cumulative translation adjustment balance will be released, effectively increasing shareholders' equity by that amount. In addition to the sugar impairment, we incurred $137 million of other charges in the quarter, primarily related to impairments and severance in our other segments as part of a broader portfolio review. Total segment EBIT was a loss of $1.44 billion in the quarter versus EBIT of $535 million in the prior-year. On an adjusted basis, which excludes notables, total segment EBIT was $304 million in the quarter versus $573 million in the prior year. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $153 million compared to $485 million last year. In Oilseeds, average global soy crush margins were significantly lower than in 2018, driven by a combination of farmer retention soybeans in anticipation of higher prices and soft export demand for soy meal. Results were negatively impacted by approximately $70 million of mark-to-market reversals on soy crush contracts, which favorably impacted Q2. However, a decrease in forward soy crush margins during the third quarter resulted in new mark-to-market gains of approximately $95 million, benefiting our results. As we execute on these contracts, mainly in the fourth quarter, we expect these gains to reverse. Last year's strong performance in oilseeds includes a net mark-to-market gain of approximately $250 million, adding to already stronger margins.  Softseed processing results in the quarter were higher than last year, led by Canada and China, as were results in trading and distribution and biodiesel. In Grains, results were lower in both North and South America, primarily due to soft export demand, farmer retention related to the US-China trade dispute and the delayed harvest in the US. Results in ocean freight and trading and distribution were lower than last year. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $86 million compared to $62 million in Q3 of 2018. Edible Oil results were up $39 million from last year, driven largely by better results in North America and Brazil, benefiting from better supply/demand balance of soy oil as well as improved execution. Bunge Loders Croklaan also contributed to the increased results. Weaker milling results were driven by lower margins in the US and lower volumes and margins in Mexico. Results in Brazil were comparable to last year. Higher results in Sugar & Bioenergy were largely due to $32 million of lower depreciation resulting from the reclassification of the Brazilian sugarcane milling business to held for sale, as well as increased cane crush volumes and higher ethanol prices, which more than offset lower sugar prices. Fertilizer results were in line with the prior year. We reported the tax benefit of $28 million in the third quarter, which included $30 million of favorable resolutions of uncertain tax positions.  Based on our current outlook, we expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 20% to 24% for the full year when excluding notable items. Let's turn to slide 8. Our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations were approximately $1 billion.  And as you can see on slide 9, our debt largely finances our inventories. Approximately 70% of our net debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories at the end of the quarter. Turning to slide 10, we have committed credit facilities of approximately $5 billion, of which $4.1 billion was available at the end of the quarter, and we had a cash balance of $291 million. Let's turn to slide 11 and our year-to-date summary of capital allocation. Year-to-date, we generated adjusted funds from operations of $854 million. From this total, CapEx spending was $378 million in the first nine months of 2019 compared to $318 million in the first nine months of 2018. Based on our year-to-date spend, full-year CapEx will likely be $520 million to $540 million. It should be noted that about $105 million of our year-to-date and $115 million of our forecast CapEx spending this year relate to the sugarcane milling business, which we're contributing to the JV with BP. We paid $79 million in dividends to shareholders in Q3. This left us with approximately $240 million that we allocated towards debt reduction. Let's turn to slide 12 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital in our core Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients segments was equal to our cost of capital, 7%. Our target is 9%, which is 200 basis points above our WACC. The decline in the trailing four-quarter ROIC from Q2 reflects the unusually strong Q3 in the prior-year that benefitted from the large mark-to-market gain and the higher soy crush margins. With that, I'll turn things back over to Greg for some closing comments. 
Gregory Heckman : Thanks, John. As you can see, the third quarter demonstrates what's so important that we take the steps to execute our strategic priorities of driving operational performance, optimizing our portfolio and doing it all with more financial discipline. Increased accountability, speed of decision-making, cost discipline and making sure we're leveraging our global platform to stay close to our customers and adapt to changing market dynamics are critical in this uncertain environment and a core part of our focus on delivering growth and increased returns to shareholders. And before closing, I want to say I'm especially proud of the team here at Bunge. They executed very well during this volatile quarter, while successfully managing significant changes in our business, the additional work we have underway to evolve our operating model and the move to St. Louis. We're making great progress, but we've still got a lot of work to do and I look forward to sharing more with you as we continue to execute. And with that, we'll open the call to questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Ben Bienvenu from Stephens. Please go ahead with your question.
Ben Bienvenu: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the…
Gregory Heckman: Good morning. 
Ben Bienvenu: Greg, I want to ask, you noted that you're making progress in strengthening the business, What kind of conditions do you think we need to see in the market, to see evidence of your progress? Obviously, this quarter's fundamentals were challenging. 4Q is going to be challenging. But if you could offer us any sort of commentary on important milestones that you're thinking about or a rough timeline as you think about moving forward in the turnaround process, that would be helpful.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, Ben. I think one example is just even this quarter. I don't know that we could see a much more difficult environment than we've seen. You can stack ASF, the on-again off-again trade war, the late harvest in the US and then the Argentinian elections, and I couldn't really be more pleased with the amount of change we're driving through the organization and that the team continue to execute very, very well. The other key thing that we'll be seeing, of course, is continuing to put those changes in place as we move towards 2020 and as we begin to talk about what to expect there at the end of the next quarter.
Ben Bienvenu: Okay, thanks. And tacking on to that, you mentioned briefly ASF, could you provide any updated thoughts, if you have any, on ASF? And you mentioned in the release, softer export demand for soy meal. Is that comment in relation to African swine fever? Any elaboration you can offer there would be helpful.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. On ASF, I think the view publicly continues to be about 40% of the Chinese herd liquidated in a – I believe we spoke to that affecting bean demand versus export demand. And then, of course, we've see the re-rebalancing around the world as demand has – soybean meal demand is moving as things are starting to move – to figure out how to fill that hole in the protein demand in China. But we still continue to be thinking that we're not going to see the tiny positive tailwinds of that until the second half of 2020 and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow from Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Rob Moskow: Hi, Greg. I think you already answered my question about what to think about China. But just so I understand the guidance, last year, Agribusiness profits were only $55 million. Is the guidance assuming here that you probably be below that level in fourth quarter?
Gregory Heckman: Let me take a quick cut. What we're trying to do, when we gave the guidance for the full year, we talked about it being flat versus prior year, and then we had reaffirmed that on our last two calls. So, when we gave that flat year-over-year originally and then confirmed it, we hadn't planned on the positive benefit that we're going to enjoy from Beyond and we hadn't planned on the positive benefit that we're going to enjoy from the change in depreciation on the sugar deal. So, rather than count those and declare victory and being higher year-over-year, we're trying to stay on the same basis and stay on the operating basis of where we called it to be flat. Taking Beyond out and taking out the benefit of the depreciation, we're saying we're going to be off on the full year $0.15 to $0.20 on an EPS, on how we've been talking to you all year. Now that being said, we've got two months to go. As grim as the forward curve has looked today, we're not giving up. The team is going to make all we can as we continue to execute here for the balance of the year and do all we can to close that $0.15 to $0.20 gap, and that's ex the benefit of Beyond and the benefit of the depreciation.
Rob Moskow: Just on the EPS basis, the two things that you're calling out here, is it about $0.90, the Beyond and the depreciation, per share?
John Neppl: The sugar depreciation is around $0.50. 
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. And then Beyond, because Beyond is – a lot of that gain is not taxable. Well, that gain really isn't taxable at all. Almost they'll let go straight through. So, we're looking at roughly a $0.60 potential impact to EPS excluding that. And those items are excluded from the numbers he's talking about.
Rob Moskow: So $1.10 altogether?
Gregory Heckman: Yes.
Rob Moskow: Okay. All right. Great. Okay. I'll get back in the queue. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Zaslow: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Gregory Heckman: Good morning, Ken.
John Neppl: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just want to clear, just following up on the change, the only thing that's really changing is a little bit of the operating environment. It's slightly worse than you expected. Your risk management, your Edible Oils are all exceeding your expectations. So, net-net, that $0.15 to $0.20 is not that many – it's $40 million of operating profit. Is that kind of what I've just – making sure I'm understanding – it's not a huge change in terms of like-for-like?
Gregory Heckman: Agree. Yeah, it is the change in the environment, on the things we can't control. So, it's primarily the change in crush margins to what we originally expected. The things that we can't control, been very pleased with the team on the execution around how we're running our facilities year-over-year, on how we're managing the risk throughout the global network and even on some of the gains we're making with key customers in some of the focused parts of our portfolio. So, happy with the execution on the things we can't control.
Ken Zaslow: Just continuing on the execution, just making sure, what has changed on the execution of the Oilseed operations because, again, it didn't seem like there was any operational issues?  And the next part of that is, the risk management, again, seems like that's coming in in line with expectations. And my last part is, Edible Oils, is that sustainable?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, let me start with Edible Oils. Let me start with the last part first. Yeah, we believe that the supply/demand balance on edible oils has improved and kind of expect that to continue to improve, especially in the soft oils as we go into 2020. Some of that's biodiesel. Some of that's just a little bit better demand and a little better supply/demand balance, as with these margins we've definitely seen crush slow in some areas.  And then also, the team has done a really good job managing the balance between our B2C and our B2B business in balancing our refineries and just very good execution as well as our palm supply chain.
Ken Zaslow: And the sustainability of risk management?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we're very pleased with how Brian Zachman and the commercial team is working closely with Robert Wagner and the risk control team. We continue to improve systems, processes, visibility, stress testing and we'll never be done. That's a system of continuous improvement. We're never going to be happy, but we continue to make progress and very pleased how the teams are working together to manage their earnings at risk in our installed asset base here, while managing it – helping our customers at both ends of the supply chain manage their risk. But keeping in mind what the appropriate amount of risk for Bunge is based on our earnings power and based on the environment that we're operating in.
Ken Zaslow: Right. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. And good morning, everyone. I just want to follow-up on the Edible Oils, just because it was an impressive result in the quarter at $71 million. I have, in my model, the best you've ever done in a quarter was $60 million in the third quarter of 2010. So, I appreciate your comments. I just want to make sure, should we be annualizing the $70 million or is that the high end of the range you think you can do on a go-forward basis? And what should we be thinking about?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we're sure going to try to maintain all of the improvements that we've made on execution. I can't predict the environment, the margin environment that we're going to see. But I am pleased with the progress we've made and how we're organizing the business, the changes we've made in leadership, how the team is working across what used to be multiple P&L lines, but able to make decisions faster and work more quickly with a focus on Bunge overall, on one Bunge P&L. So, we're going to hang on to all the improvement we can go where we could control things. That being said, the marketplace will ultimately drive industry margins. What we want to do is perform better than the rest.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And just on the sort of 2020 plus sort of plan, it sounds like – am I correct, at 4Q, you're going to kind of layout sort of a broader path forward to getting the return on capitals to that 9% goal or do we need to wait until all the sort of trade and Argentina and other sort of new developments sort of settle out before you can do that?
Gregory Heckman: Well, look, we're in the process currently of putting our 2020 business plan together. And we can only plan with the world as it is. So, we'll provide as much clarity as we can as we get to Q4, but I think you've called out all the flags right and you've got ASF. And we'd like to think that we'll start to see some demand as we've talked in the second half. We've got the trade war which is starting to show some signs of working toward a resolution which would bring a lot of clarity for not only the farmers in North and South America, but the consumers as well.  We talked about the oil. These look good and we've got some stronger biodiesel demand coming on which should support that. So, that looks like a positive going into 2020. And then, I think the thing we feel best about around the things we can control is we're getting our business organized right, with people in the right places and our priorities right, and so we will step into 2020 running a better portfolio and organized in a better manner and feel good about being able to take advantage of what opportunities we get.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson : Yes, thank you. Good morning, everyone.
Gregory Heckman: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson : I was first hoping to get a little bit more color on crush market dynamics in your major geographies, though the weakness that we've seen recently in broad crush, that's simply a function of US bean rallying on a trade deal hope or talk about kind of meal demand prospects and kind of how you see the labeling [ph] on the crash side for the next three or six months.
Gregory Heckman: Yes. Since the last time we were together, we've seen the soy crush margins down double digits really everywhere. Soft crush has remained okay, but, of course, that's a smaller part of the portfolio. That has been driven, as you say, by the trade war kind of on-again, off-again, which if you want to be optimistic as a producer, you're going to wait for what you think has to happen to get you the best prices, and so that has definitely slowed producer marketing in both hemispheres, as well we talked about on the uncertainty that the Argentinean producer has been dealing with with the changes in leadership there. The kind of on-again/off-again trade war has kind of been the worst of both worlds, with the market starting to adjust as if the trade war is over when it's not over. So, it's been about as confusing an environment as we could see. And I think that, as we look towards 2020, it would be hard to imagine probably a more challenging or confusing environment than we've seen in the last 30 days or last 60 plus days in kind of what we are predicting to have to manage through here in Q4, but we believe that will begin to sort itself out in 2020. 
Adam Samuelson: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just on Argentina, can you maybe elaborate a little bit on how you're thinking about policy changes under the new administration there. Thinking back to the prior Kirchner regime and some of the export taxes that were in place and what that did to farmer selling and the utilization of crush assets, just help us think about some of the different moving pieces as the macro changes in Argentina?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. There is no specifics announced yet. I think what we know from history, there'll be some capital controls that are going to be disruptive and they will impact not only farmer selling, but they'll impact the crush industry and, of course, that Argentinean crush can have a big impact on the global crush. So, we're watching that very closely. I guess the good news, if there is, is that Bunge has decades of experience there. We've got a very experienced team that has seen this more than once and will do the best job managing through that for our customers and our shareholders and are on it and analyzing, prepared to do that.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Simonitsch from JP Morgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Tom Simonitsch : Good morning
Gregory Heckman: Good morning.
Tom Simonitsch : I think most of my questions have probably been answered, but maybe you could expand on the weaker milling volumes and margins in Mexico.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. We've had a – there's a little bit overcapacity in that marketplace. We've seen customer switching and that has led us to lower volumes. And with the lower volume, we get some higher fixed costs. We've made a number of changes down there. We're making changes in how we're operating our footprint and leadership to address that. So, we expect to see some improvements in 2020, but it has hurt us this year.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay. And just going back to the question around slow farmer selling, clearly, US farmers had record on-farm stocks of soybeans on September 1. When do you think they will have to sell those crops and how does it impact Bunge in the coming quarters?
Gregory Heckman: I think the market's proven with the amount of commercial storage, amount of on-farm storage and the ingenuity of some of the temporary storage that now exists, no one has to sell anything. But if you believe that history is any guide, as that crop continues to come in and is known and then we get some clarity around the trade war, we've got to believe there'll be more marketing. Harvest is about 20% – a little over 20% behind the five-year average. So, that's definitely weighed into that. When you add that and the trade war uncertainty, it's definitely pushed things back.
Tom Simonitsch: And just one last question on soy crush margins, you noted challenging forward curves there. How much of your Q4 and Q1 crush capacity is locked in at this point?
Gregory Heckman: Not a lot, but enough that you saw we chewed through the $70 million of positive mark-to-market from last period – or from last quarter and then had new mark-to-market on what we had hedged of roughly $95 million, and so we were able to offset the $70 million and have $25 million of positive mark-to-market in the quarter. So, that being said, when the market's given us the opportunity to hedge our margins, we've done that and we'll continue to do that globally.
Tom Simonitsch: Thank you.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Heather Jones from Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Heather Jones : Good morning. And thank you for taking the questions.
Gregory Heckman: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones : So, I want to take another stab at the guidance, so just to make sure I'm understanding correctly. The last year, you were $2.71, take down that by $0.15 to $0.20. We're looking at $2.51 to $2.56 excluding any benefit from the lower depreciation for sugar in Q3 and Q4 and excluding any mark-to-market gains on the Beyond stake. Am I understanding that correctly?
Gregory Heckman: Yes, that's correct.
John Neppl: Yep.
Heather Jones : Okay. And excluding the mark-to-market lost in Beyond this quarter, I think you really got $1.48, $1.49. So, year-to-date, were it like $2.49 on an adjusted basis. So, we're looking at just, I don't know, call it, $0.05 to $0.10 of earnings for Q4 based upon what you foresee at this time?
John Neppl: Well, the $1.41 – we only had about $10 million of impact to Beyond in Q3 on an EBIT basis. So, we marked the book – that stock got marked down from $160 a share at the end of Q2 to $148 a share and then we did realize a small amount during Q3. So, that's only about a $10 million item. I think a little less on the EPS impact.
Heather Jones : Little less? Okay. Okay. Now some industry trend questions. We've been reading, like over the last two to three weeks that there had been a pickup in farmer selling – significant pickup in farmer selling in Brazil. Did you guys see that? And what do you see in the more recent days given the rally in the currency?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, we've seen some pickup there as we talk to some of the slower selling. It was probably more focused on US and Argentina.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then, on the crush side, so margins, they've softened considerably in the US and they've been pretty bad in South America, particularly in Brazil. And so, I get the reasons, but what are your thoughts on how crushers will respond? Have you seen any meaningful slowing? Do you expect meaningful slowing? Are people just grinding it out expecting an improvement next year?
Gregory Heckman: I think that's why we've seen some of the tightness in oil. As things have slowed up, it's tightened things up in oil. So, I believe – the one thing I've probably seen in my 35 plus years is the economics will work, the market will eventually work, sometimes it takes longer than it should, but we're getting all the signals.
Heather Jones : Okay. Final question on that, is there a significant delta between export crush margins in Brazil versus the interior or all they all materially weak?
Gregory Heckman: I'd say neither are where we'd like them to be.
Heather Jones : Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, I'm showing no additional questions. We'll conclude today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to Ms. Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you for joining us today and your interest in our company. If you have further questions, I'm happy to follow up. Have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, with that, we'll conclude today's conference call. We do thank you for joining today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I’d like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Bunge's Chief Executive Officer; and John Neppl, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning, everyone. We have a lot to discuss today. So, let's turn to slide three. Before we dive in, I want to introduce John Neppl, our new Chief Financial Officer who joined Bunge in May. His perspective and leadership along with his industry experience will be a great benefit for us. And I’m delighted to welcome John to the Bunge team. I also want to welcome our new Chief Risk Officer, Robert Wagner, who joined us last month.  I worked with both Robert and John for well over a decade at Gavilon and ConAgra, and they're already making sustainable contributions here at Bunge. Now, the other items on our agenda, shown on slide four. I'm going to provide a high level view of developments and results in quarter, progress against our strategic priorities, and our outlook for the balance of the year. Then, I'll hand it over to John for deeper dive into financials. And finally, we'll open up the line for your questions.  Let's go ahead and get started turning the slide five. Second quarter 2019 results benefited from timing differences and the contribution from a venture investment. Core business results were generally in line with our outlook. Soy crush was helped by higher volumes, but also impacted by lower structural margins this year. In Grains, our South American results were higher while our North American team managed through extreme weather conditions, which impacted both our operations and farmer marketing patterns. Results in Edible Oils were better in North America and South America and essentially flat year-over-year in Europe and Asia. Sugar & Bioenergy benefited from lower costs, and better ethanol volumes and prices, while fertilizer results also improved in the quarter. The net unrealized gain related to our investment in Beyond Meat sits within Bunge Ventures, our venture capital unit. We haven't discussed Ventures often, but it's an important vehicle as the competitive landscape and consumer preferences drive change, and as technology continues to accelerate innovation and transparency in our industry. I continue to feel very good about our focus and our progress on the key priorities, including strengthening financial discipline and risk management, and our ability to optimize the performance of our physical flows. As we work towards our new global operation model announced last quarter, we're seeing an engaged and energized team, improved speed of execution, and risk management that better supports our commercial decision making. As we announced earlier this month, slide six lays out our agreement with BP to contribute our Sugar & Bioenergy business to a new 50-50 joint venture in Brazil. We will receive $75 million in cash at closing, and we'll transfer $700 million in debt to the JV on a non-recourse basis. Turning to slide seven. With this JV, we own 50% of an entity that will be number two in Brazil by actual crush volume, and operating with a conservative capital structure. On slide eight, we have a strong partner in BP, and we also retained flexibility for further monetization. So, we're very excited about this transaction. It meets all of our strategic criteria, enables us to reduce leverage. We expect closing before year-end, subject to regulatory approvals. Following the close, we will no longer consolidate this business. In addition, we anticipate an impairment charge of between $1.5 billion and $1.7 billion in Q3. And last, on the next slide, our view on 2019 full-year consolidated results has not changed from what we originally shared with you in February that result will be similar to last year, but with the change in the mix, given materially lower forward soy crush margins, plus a slight improvement in softseed crush. We also expect improvements in Grains and Food & Ingredients this year, while Fertilizer results will be flat. In addition, the macro factors that we called out last quarter remain a major source of uncertainty for all market participants. African swine fever continues to impact Chinese demand for soy meal combined with the unresolved U.S.-China trade, this has altered both typical trade flows and producer marketing patterns. We continue to monitor these factors and we'll leverage our global footprint as needed to ensure uninterrupted supply for our customers, while managing margins and physical flows to optimize our own results. We expect to finish the year as we projected, but given timing and cyclicality, second half results will be largely weighted to the fourth quarter. I'll now turn the call over to John to go through the numbers in greater detail.
John Neppl: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. It's great to be here at Bunge, and I look forward to working with all of you in my new role. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide 10. Our reported second quarter earnings per share from continuing operations was $1.43, compared to a loss of $0.20 in the second quarter of 2018. Adjusted EPS was $1.52 in Q2 versus $0.10 in the prior year. Our results include $135 million net unrealized gain on Bunge Ventures' stake in Beyond Meat. Total segment EBIT was $354 million in the quarter versus $71 million in the prior year. On adjusted basis, which excludes notables, total segment EBIT was $370 million in the quarter versus $117 million in the prior year. In Agribusiness, adjusted EBIT was $189 million, compared to $118 million in the prior year. In Oilseeds, structural soy crush margins were lower, as farmers retained soybeans in anticipation of higher prices and meal availability increased as Argentine supply returned to the market. Second quarter results benefited from approximately $70 million timing benefit as soy crush margins decreased in many markets toward the end of the quarter, creating mark-to-market profit in hedge contracts. As we execute on the physical business, these gains will effectively be offset by lower realized margins, mostly in the third quarter. Trading and distribution results were lower than last year. In Grains, origination improved in South America, benefiting from lower cost and better logistics. This more than offset lower results in North America, which were negatively impacted by the combination of extreme weather and low exports due to the poor river logistics and the ongoing U.S.-China trade dispute. While results in trading and distribution were not a contributor to the quarter, performance was higher than last year. The Grains segment generated EBIT of $25 million, improving from a loss of $22 million in the same quarter last year. Results for the quarter were largely driven by ports and origination. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $49 million, slightly better than $46 million generated in Q2 of 2018. Improved results in Edible Oils were primarily driven by higher margins in South America. In North America, stronger demand contributed to better results versus last year. Results in Europe and Asia were down slightly year-over-year on timing differences arising from FX hedges. Milling performance was lower than last year, mainly driven by Brazil, where results were impacted by lower volumes and margins as customers remained price-sensitive, particularly in the foodservice channel, making it difficult to pass along higher input costs. Adjusted EBIT losses in the Sugar & Bioenergy segment narrowed to $9 million in Q2 2019, an improvement of $31 million year-over-year, with higher sugarcane milling results, primarily driven by lower costs and increased ethanol volumes and prices, partially offset by lower sugar volume and margins. In 2018, results for this segment were impacted by a $26 million loss in sugar trading and distribution due to both unwinding activity in preparation for exiting the business, and a $14 million bad debt charge. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $6 million, improving from a loss of $7 million a year ago. Higher results in the quarter were primarily driven by Argentine operation, which benefited from higher volumes and prices, and lower costs. Year ago results were impacted by foreign exchange losses. Our tax expense for the quarter was $60 million. The effective tax rate of 22% was on the low end of our expected range of 22% to 26%, impacted by the net unrealized gain from our stake in Beyond Meat, which was recorded with a 10.5% effective tax rate. We continue to expect the tax rate of 22% to 26% for the full year. Let's turn to slide 11, the cash flow highlights. Cash used for operations in the first six months of this year was $1.1 billion, compared to cash use of approximately $3.5 billion in the same period last year. The year-over-year variance is primarily due to a significant increase in inventory in the first half of 2018. You will note that our receivables securitization program was reflected in two components on our cash flow statement, one in operating and one in investing as required by GAAP. When netting these two related amounts, our adjusted cash used in operations was $0.5 billion versus $2.5 billion last year. Our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations was $1.4 billion. Our debt largely finances our inventories. The Slide 12 shows approximately 70% of our net debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories at the end of the quarter. Net debt of approximately $6.1 billion increased from $5.5 billion at the beginning of the quarter, due primarily to an increase in working capital that is in line with typical seasonal trends. Net debt was elevated in Q2 2018, due to unusually high inventory purchases in Brazil, as the Brazilian real weekend and the commodity price basis increased at the start of the trade war. Let's turn to slide 13 and our capital allocation philosophy. We remain committed to our financial policy to be good stewards of capital. We will continue to seek the right balance of investing in our existing assets, allocating capital to accretive growth opportunities and returning capital to shareholders. All of this we will do in a manner consistent with an investment grade rating with BBB being our long-term target. We are rated BBB flat by S&P and the equivalent BBB minus by Moody's and Fitch. We have committed credit facilities of approximately $5 billion of which $4.2 billion was undrawn and available at the end of the quarter, and we had a cash balance of $238 million. We had CapEx spending of $265 million in the first six months of 2019 compared to $220 million in the first six months of 2018. We continue to expect CapEx of about $550 million for this year. It should be noted that $86 million of our year-to-date and $115 million of our forecast cap spending for the year is related to the sugar business, which we’ll be contributing to the JV with BP. We paid $79 million in dividends to shareholders in Q2. Let's turn to slide 14 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital was 7.2% overall, and 8.9% for our core businesses. We will continue to use a benchmark of 200 basis points above our cost of capital as an important metric for ensuring we are creating value for our shareholders. With that, I will turn the call back over to Greg for some closing comments.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, John. Thank you all again for joining us today. I want to reiterate the seasonality and timing will place more weight on the fourth quarter to achieve our targets. We continue to evolve our operating model to increase accountability and the speed of commercial decision-making with the focus on getting closer to customers, reducing costs, and better leveraging our global platform. Our team is moving forward on the strategic priorities we laid out, driving operational performance, optimizing the portfolio, and strengthening financial discipline. Our new joint venture with BP in Brazil is just the first step as we increase focus, deploy capital more effectively, and seek to improve results for all of our stakeholders. And finally, thanks to our Sugar & Bioenergy team for their hard work to put us in position to create this JV, and to our entire team for the excellent work to get the JV to this point. And with that, operator, let's open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: I have a couple of questions. I was pleased to see that you all maintained the 2019 outlook. But, if you look at the forward strip, soy crush margins have come down some, the outlook for softseed and Europe has softened some due to tighter rapeseed crops. So, I was just wondering if you could help us understand was it some internal initiatives or what that you were able to keep your outlook consistent with your Q1.
Greg Heckman: Thanks, Heather. The outlook for the business mix hasn't changed. We expect Food & Ingredients and sugar to be up the year. And then, if you look at the first half, even net of timing, was a little bit better than we expected on soy crush. No doubt, there are a lot of unknowns, and probably this time of the year is always tough on visibility, but it's even a little more typical than typically with the trade war. But, if you look at the forward curves from where we put things together, when we baked our outlook in Feb across our portfolio weighted, were really not that much different.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then, I was wondering if you could update us on your thinking as far as ASF with the obvious caveat that it could evolve. But, when you are thinking about the magnitude of the issue, timing of it impacting your business or the industry, has your saying thinking changed at all versus Q1? And if so, could you elaborate?
Greg Heckman: No. Our thinking really hasn't changed. I think, everyone continues to try to get a handle on it. But, we didn't feel that there would be big puts or takes in ‘19. And we think any tailwinds would be out in the future, and those are probably in ‘20, maybe even second half ‘20 and ‘21 for any of those tailwinds. So, really, the same thoughts at this point, but I don't know that we have a better perspective than the market does on this.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. 
Vincent Andrews: Hi. Quickly, just a couple of clarifications on the guidance. First, I assume, it does not include any sort of resolution of trade; it’s sort of status quo on that. Is that correct? 
Greg Heckman: Correct. We're not going to make any predictions. So, it's kind of -- what the forward curves and what they believe is going to happen.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thank you. And then second on the half or the 4Q loaded, is it anything other than the timing differential in soy crush?
Greg Heckman: No. Just, if you look back historically, it's normal seasonality. And then, the fact of a lot of the timing issues that were pulled, that was primarily from crush, it was hedged in Q3. And as -- crush was roughly the same at the beginning and the end of the quarter, but of course path matters; it rallied during the quarter. And as we hedged off some of the Q3, and then it came down at the end of the quarter, of course that winning leg had to be mark to market, which moved profitability from Q3 into Q2, and that's what we were calling out.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, fair enough. And just lastly, there’s an article out this morning talking about China going to Argentina to inspect plants to potentially open up their market to Argentine meal. I would assume, with your footprint, you would view that as a net positive for you, or how would you see that impacting meal flows?
Greg Heckman: We heard some noise about this in the market a few months ago, and then it had gone completely silent, until we saw that article this morning. So, not sure what to make of that. So, we'll continue to watch the development along with everyone else.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great, thanks, and good morning, guys. So, I wanted to follow up just a little bit more on ASF and just kind of have a walkthrough. So, I heard your answer to Heather’s question that your thinking hasn't changed. But, can we just kind of dive into a just a few of the details. I think many investors are confused by exactly what you do think and what you're seeing. The first question on ASF is, do you still think that the market expectations of minus 20% to minus 30% reduction to the Chinese hog herd, is that still correct, or do you think it's worsen where it's somewhat north of 30%? Can you give us some feel for the magnitude?
Greg Heckman: I think what we’ve picked up in the marketplace, I believe it’s publicly known that probably if you had to pick and over, under, you probably pick the over on 30% right now is what the belief is. And then, if you look at what has to happen, then as the demand for that missing pork is filled by pork from other areas of the world and other species. From a timing, I think we've said, any effect of that from a tailwind we thought would be ‘20 or ‘21. If you believe it's a little larger, maybe that's why I said maybe it’s second half ‘20 and ‘21 as you begin to see the recovery of that. I think, the other things we talked about is, if you believe that it comes back to more commercial operations, you probably see higher inclusions of soybean meal in the future. And the other thing, just as a reminder, there is only about 15% of our crush in China, including the Vietnam JV there in Asia. So, as bean’s back up in the rest of world and as there's more demand for meal in the rest of the world for the protein to fill that hole in the protein demand in China, we do like how our global footprint sits. And that's why we believe that we could see some tailwinds long-term, but none of that in ‘19, and maybe not even in the first half of 2020.
David Driscoll: And then, Greg, just following up on that. So, I think the first thing that happens here is less hogs in China, less demand for soy meal within China. And that's the negative impact on the crushing operations, certainly the Chinese crushing operations for the entire industry. But, it's just been -- it makes everything a little sloppy right here in the near term. Maybe what I don't understand about your comments is once the Chinese go into international markets to replace that lost protein, why wouldn't there be a more -- or a more rapid tightness occurring within crushing operations outside of China? So, if they start buying lots of pigs from United States, lots of chickens from United States, why wouldn't we see crushing rates in the U.S., Brazil, Argentina, Europe start to ramp? And why wouldn't that be more towards the end of this year? It sounds like you think that's much farther out than I think what some others believe. But, just walk me through the physical flow, if you can, if you will, about why would it take so long before there would be some benefit as the Chinese undoubtedly have to replace this lost substantial protein?
Greg Heckman: Yes. And I don't know that we’re the expert on this. But I will tell you, I think, what the market is debating and what we're watching. You've got, one, the animal lifecycle; you've got, two, the investment to increase production, because we don't believe there's a lot of open capacity out there; and then, three, you've got all of the issues, even when you expand production on the animal side around getting the labor, getting the transportation, getting the permits. So, it's not just flipping a light switch.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: So, I guess, my first question is going to be just on the outlook for the balance of the year. And really just trying to get a sense of especially relative to where expectations would have been 3 and 6 months ago. I imagine your outlook for U.S. grains has gotten worse given the issues with the U.S. crop this summer. I just want to make sure I'm thinking about that right. And is it just the export opportunities out of Brazil with the safrinha corn and Argentina have improved enough to offset just thinking about that balance and kind of how farmer selling or retention has played into that as you look at the balance of the year?
Greg Heckman: Yes. As we look at the balance of the year, if you think about our U.S. grain footprint, grain handling, storage, distribution is definitely much smaller than the balance of the world. And there has been some benefit for the U.S. crushing. So, we're probably with our footprint not as exposed on that piece of it, while it does make the trade flows difficult and planning difficult in the rest of the footprint or not is directly exposed to that.
Adam Samuelson: And farmer selling, in South America?
Greg Heckman: Yes. Farmer selling in South America continues -- Brazil has closed the gap a little bit on prior year; Argentina continues to be slower. Farmer continues to hold soybeans, ahead of the election, really as a hedge and uncertainty there. And then, also, the U.S., kind of as we settle out, not only what acres got planted, but how that crop develops, and the producer waiting to see a U.S.-China trade resolution. All things that give I think the producer a reason to wait to commercialize the crop in the U.S. So, we'll see that happening a little later.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then, just Greg, you've been officially in the role now -- in the role since January, and I guess, trying to just get a sense, as you've kind of had time to more fully assess the operations and the portfolio, have you got any more updated or clearer thoughts on opportunities and size of whether it's kind of across just cost reductions, just improved risk activities, and what the contribution that could mean, or just size of kind of portfolio opportunities and just dimensionalize kind of some of the actions that you're looking at to improve the overall returns of the Company?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Look, I continue to repeat my early thoughts, this is a fantastic global footprint that this Company has, and we've got a very talented and experienced workforce. I mean, this is an exciting opportunity. As far as specifically around the portfolio optimization, let me give you a quick update there. We've kind of moved, I think I talked last time about three categories, or three buckets of work. And we’ve moved really into two major buckets right now. We've got those things that are active and underway where we've got dedicated internal and external resources working on the projects. And when they're complete, we’ll communicate what we've done, why we've done and what it means for us. An example of that of course was BP. It was in bucket one, got to the point where we got it done, and then we could share with you what we're doing. So, we've got things in bucket one. And then in the second category or bucket two, these are things that will go active when we free up capacity. The majority of those are more housekeeping items and big items, but they still matter. They still matter to simplifying our footprint, allowing us to take costs out, improving our focus, and improving our returns.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And just to clarify on the cost opportunity, do you think -- is the cost opportunity more closely linked with the portfolio or do you think that there's a sizable cost opportunity independent of the portfolio actions that you choose to make or not make?
Greg Heckman: Yes. We see two channels. One, they're definitely through the simplification of the portfolio, as we move those stranded costs from taking out the complexity. And the other, as we've talked about, the change of our global operating model where we're collapsing and eliminating the regional structure, where we're getting focused around the value chains or the assets and the employees that operate those assets, have served the customers, where prices establish, where innovation happens. As we do that, it not only gives us simplicity and accountability and speed to act, but the thing we love about it is the byproduct of that will be cost coming out of the system. So, it's not a cost savings project. It's a business optimization project and the byproduct is cost savings. So, that'll take some work as we rewire the organization, but we're excited about the benefits of that going forward.
Operator: The next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Rob Moskow: I don't remember hearing you mention Loders for the quarter. Maybe you did. But, I think last quarter, you said that you were going to take more of a hands on approach and have it report directly to you for a while. How did that business perform in second quarter? And what have you learned over the past three months about how it integrates with Bunge?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I continue to feel good about the capabilities that Loders has given us. We were touch soft in Q2 kind of on customer timing, as well as a little bit light start-up on our Ghana and our China plants. But, we remain on track with the business case. We have integrated the Loders business into our legacy Bunge B2B business. We continue to focus on bottlenecking, bringing our industrial expertise to the combined platform and really optimizing that combined footprint in not only on the industrial side but on the go-to-market and the innovation with customers. And then, those are things that will pay off in ‘20 and ‘21. So, there's only one team together. There's only one team today, we're running the business together. And it continues to make progress.
Rob Moskow: Okay. And another question. Are there any synergies that you could help us quantify with BP in the sugar business now? If I'm -- because I'm trying to get to, could this become an accretive deal for you at some point? Right now, it looks around breakeven for 2020. Have you worked through EPS math for 2020 at all or what incremental benefits could be of the combination?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Let me put John to work.
John Neppl: I think, you nailed it in terms of year one is going to be largely a push for us, no meaningful change to our returns in terms of the first year. We do believe and expect years two and three to gain some synergy on this operation, both from a cost side obviously, which is probably the easier one to get at first as a combined operation getting at the cost side, but ultimately, the real key will be the operational optimization between the two platforms. We do expect year two and year three to realize some synergy. And I think that in terms of total dollars, I’m reluctant to give a solid number, but it will be meaningful enough that at least and how we've worked this with BP together, to create an opportunity for accretion on the transaction. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Simonitsch of JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Simonitsch: Good morning. So, just going back to risk management, can you elaborate on what you're doing differently in terms of risk management compared to prior years?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Our thinking about managing what are the earnings at risk in these assets, right, that's the physical flows involved with all of our handling, processing, distribution assets. So, you think about it, it’s all the grains and oilseeds on the way in, and then all the products on the way out, as well as all the freight and logistics that surround that. So, there's not only the inherent risk that we're helping manage in our assets, but that, that we're helping our customers on both ends of the value chain, manage theirs as well. And then ultimately, just philosophically the net of those risks, right, is the risk that we have to -- the remainder risk that we have to manage. And that is -- we're keeping it -- the amount of risk we're taking appropriate, not only for our earnings power, but for the environment that we're operating in, which is fairly challenging. But, I'll tell you, Robert Wagner has only been here a month and of course, Brian Zachman since January. But couldn't be more pleased with how those two leaders and their teams are partnering across the control and the commercial functions. They are driving simplification and transparency, which helps us with our speed to act in managing the risks, inherent in our business. And at the end of the day, right, it's about the key focus on the right things. So, we're getting the right information to the right people at the right time, which helps maximizing earnings in our portfolio, but it also helps eliminate the unforced error. So, it was a good foundation of risk management here, but we're building on that making good progress already, and we've got some targets for some other improvements. So, excited about the team we're building.
Tom Simonitsch: Okay. Thank you for that. And can you discuss your expectations to soybean exports versus domestic crushing in Brazil, for the remainder of ‘19? 
Greg Heckman: I don't think we see things any different from the market. And, with the uncertainty, the teams are continuing to analyze and look at managing through a number of different outcomes, the main thing we're working really hard to do is stay out of the way of any stroke of a pen risk, because things are just difficult enough.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead. 
Ken Zaslow: Good morning, everyone. So, a couple of questions. One is, can you just estimate how much lost profit was due to the weather, just kind of scale that a little bit? Because I assuming it’ll come back next year, just trying to figure that out.
Greg Heckman: Yes. We can give a couple of highlights on that. John, do you want to take that? 
John Neppl: Yes. I think, Ken, from our view, and nothing's exact obviously, but I think -- we think in terms of somewhere around $13 million in the quarter was probably weather related. As the team looked at the lost opportunities and the delays and things impacting not only -- the big driver is logistics, obviously at the river system and then farmer willingness around whether to hold off on soybeans, waiting to see what was going to happen with this year's crop, it created a lot of uncertainty as well. So, again, not an exact numbers, but we believe that somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 million is just kind of a guess from our guys.
Ken Zaslow: The second question is, you alluded to it. But, can you talk a little bit about, anecdotally, operational improvements you're doing in either Greenfield or start-ups, anything like that you're seeing that -- you've been there for 6 months or so. Have you started to kind of wrap your hands around the operational improvements? And then, I just have one more question.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I think a lot of it has been purely execution. I think, the teams have done a great job. There's a lot of work done last year to create some additional transparency on how we're operating the assets from not only having them up and ready from the industrial side, but then making sure commercially that we are running those assets and getting the beans there in time or the corn or the wheat there in time and the products away to manage that. Some of that's around the planning process, and then a lot of it is around the execution. So, we're seeing metrics improve. And then, as we said, the others working together as a team to avoid the unforced errors, because this is definitely a tough environment. And there's just not a lot of extra to pave over any potholes.
Ken Zaslow: And then, my final question is, a competitor of yours last quarter indicated that they had a return on invested capital of 11% to 12%. They seem to be in the similar business to you, their initial is obviously ADM. Do you think there is a structural reason why you would not be able to get a return on invested capital similar that? I know your target is 200 basis points WACC but why stop there, is there something that limits that? Is there any sort of impediment? Can you give some parameters there? It just seems like there's no reason that you shouldn't be able to get there, your business model is geographically different. But just any sort of color on that would be helpful.
Greg Heckman: Yes. I told our team and I'm not sure if I said on the call before. But look, we're chasing that 2 above WACC and when we get there, we're going to raise it again. So, that is not an end state, that is a way station on the journey here. And we're pulling every lever possible from how we operate to changing the footprint to improve those returns. So, we're not going to be happy at 2 over our WACC. That's the first target.
Operator: The next question is a follow up from Heather Jones of Heather Jones Research. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: With your JV with BP, you all are retaining fairly large exposure to the Brazilian sugar business. I was wondering, if you -- what your thoughts on, what the RenovaBio program? I know, it'd be just speculation, but what are your thoughts about what that could do for those assets over the next few years, like the earnings power?
Greg Heckman: Yes. How we thought about the JV is, we couldn't be more pleased to have a partner like BP, I mean, their global scale and fuels. They're absolutely committed to -- they’ve publicly said, they’re committed to growing this biofuels platform. We have very good offsetting skills, track records and expertise between the two teams. And this business is going to have the most conservative balance sheet, the most conservative capital structure, we believe from anyone in the marketplace. So, we think it puts us in the best position to operate in that marketplace, regardless of what everyone else does. And the other key thing is we have a clear path to monetization. So, we're aligned to see the business operate very well, as we're joint owner. And like I said before, we were going to run it like we were going to own it forever until the day we didn't. Now we only own 50% and will be great partners and run it like we're going to own that 50% forever until the day we don't.
Heather Jones: But, do you think RenovaBio is going to be a meaningful tailwind for that business?
Greg Heckman: I'll probably wait until the deal is closed and let the new JV leadership kind of comment on their view of the competitive outlook.
Heather Jones: Okay. My second question is on the economy in Brazil. You mentioned still weakness there in the milling side. Some companies have talked about early signs of improvement in that economy. I was just wondering what your thoughts are on the state of the economy there.
Greg Heckman: I don't know that we have particular insight other than what we're seeing publicly. It definitely feels like things might be getting a slightly better but I don't think anyone's declaring victory at this point.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Ann Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thanks for your time today and thanks for your interest in Bunge. If you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to me, later today.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day and welcome to the Bunge Limited First Quarter 2019 Earnings Release and Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Ruth Ann Wisener, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Ruth Ann Wisener: Thank you, operator and thank you for joining us this morning. It’s great to be here at Bunge. Before we get started, I want to let you know that we have slides to accompany our discussion. These can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website as well. I’d like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Greg Heckman, Chief Executive Officer and Thom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you, Ruth Ann, and good morning. I’m honored to have the opportunity to serve as Bunge’s new CEO, and we have a lot to discuss today. But first, I’d like to welcome Ruth Ann Wisener, our new Head of Investor Relations. Ruth Ann joined Bunge in March and brings a wealth of experience in food and agricultural industries from Tyson Foods and ADM among others. Ruth Ann’s relationships with analysts and investors will be a great asset for us, and I’m delighted to welcome her to the Bunge team. We are aggressively moving forward on the priorities we discussed last quarter, and we continue to ramp up the important efforts already underway to improve our business and operations. This morning, I want to share with you why I’m excited about the company’s prospects. I will then cover some organizational changes that we announced today. We will review our strategic priorities, and then Thom will provide additional detail on our first quarter results. And then finally, we will open it up for Q&A. Over the past several months, I focused on getting to know Bunge better by visiting many of our locations and meeting with our people across the globe. In South America, Europe and the U.S., I’ve seen some of our operations up close and received valuable feedback from employees on their ideas to improve how we operate. I’ve also seen the depth of our employees’ knowledge, passion and commitment to the success of our business going forward. I’ve gained new insights into how our business segments complement each other and how we can use those relationships to better leverage our assets. For example, as we had expected, integrating Loders Croklaan into our legacy portfolio is giving us opportunities to become a valued supplier of additional products and services to both new and existing customers. Bunge has a powerful global franchise in oilseeds and oils. We are the number one crusher in the world with the largest South American footprint, strong positions in other key geographies and a new and evolving oils platform. Combined with our worldwide grains distribution network and regional milling footprint, this provides us with unmatched scale and expertise. We can better execute on the opportunities generated by our scale when our internal structure, systems, processes and people are aligned. This requires a new level of speed and execution across the organization. To achieve this, we’ll shift to a global operating model from our current regional structure as we’ve detailed in a separate announcement this morning. This new structure will simplify how we operate, drive greater transparency and accountability, reduce costs and support our renewed and deeper focus on customers and execution. As part of this reorganization, our commercial activities will be aligned around our handling and processing assets, management of physical product flows and the risk management optimization associated with our global business. In addition, Bunge Loders Croklaan will now report directly to me. I want to ensure this business is positioned appropriately and achieves its full potential. Also as you have seen, John Neppl will be joining us at the end of the month as our new Chief Financial Officer. I worked with John for many years. His expertise in the agribusiness, food and ingredients industries and a successful track record will enable him to make a significant contribution here. Thom Boehlert will stay on to ensure smooth transition with John. Thom’s been a great contributor to Bunge, including his spearheading our successful Global Competitiveness Program, and we’re fortunate to have a world-class financial team that he has assembled. I also want to express my personal gratitude to Thom for his key role in supporting Board Chair, Kathy Hyle, and me in our new roles over the past several months. We have a deep and talented bench within our key businesses, and I have full confidence in the team. Together, we’re working aggressively against our 3 strategic priorities: driving operational performance, optimizing the portfolio and strengthening financial discipline. Regarding operational performance, while we missed opportunities and did not operate our plants at the full utilization the market provided last year, our network and physical facilities are sound. Over the last 3 months, I’ve worked with the team to tighten up how we operate and better manage the inherent value at risk. Expectations are clear, and I’m very pleased with the level of engagement. Through the process of portfolio optimization, we have identified specific assets and established dedicated teams of internal and external resources to rationalize the portfolio. We’re making progress on these projects, which will ultimately improve Bunge’s earnings and returns. We know you’re eager to hear more, and we will share developments and additional information when we can. We are also continuing to strengthen our financial discipline reemphasizing controls on working capital and capital spending. Any future investments will be carefully scrutinized and aligned with our strategic priorities. We will be reluctant to spend growth capital on any project that is not funded by improvements in business results or execution on portfolio changes. On operating costs, I am very pleased with what we have achieved through our Global Competitiveness Program. GCP has already gone a long way to reduce costs, simplify how we work and help us think differently. We will use this momentum, along with the changes to our operating model, to develop a cost structure for the cyclical nature of our industry. We still have work to do to get our processes and operations where they need to be, and that’s a key focus over the coming weeks and months. However, I am encouraged by the energy and engagement of the team and the direction the company is heading. Turning to Q1 results, they were largely in line with our expectations. Soy crush margins were better year-over-year in the U.S., Brazil and Europe, partly offsetting weaker results in Argentina and China. Higher results in Edible Oils were driven by a full quarter of Loders ownership and continued synergy benefits. In addition, I want to commend our North American team, which kept facilities operating at very good levels despite severe weather that disrupted operations and logistics in the U.S. Based on current market conditions, our view on the 2019 full year consolidated results has not changed from what we shared with you in February. That said, there are a number of unprecedented factors in the market. First, African swine fever has caused the largest decline of animal protein supplies in recent memory, a decline equal to the entire U.S. swine herd. And the full impact of this disease remains to be seen. Second, the most recent USDA forecast suggests global soybean inventories will exceed 107 million metric tons as of September 1, a record high. Additionally, most of these inventories remain in the hands of producers, and we believe future producer marketing patterns will be affected by how the U.S. China trade discussions evolve. While these dynamics should create positive catalysts for our globally diverse footprint, the timing and the magnitude of these potential benefits remain unclear. I will now turn the call over to Thom to go through the numbers in greater detail.
Thom Boehlert: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everybody. Let’s turn to the earnings highlights on Page 4. Reported first quarter earnings per share from continuing operations, was $0.26 compared to a loss of $0.20 in the first quarter of 2018. Adjusted earnings per share, was $0.36 in the first quarter versus a $0.06 loss in the prior year. Notable pre-tax charges totaled $15 million during the quarter primarily related to the Global Competitiveness Program and an impairment charge. Total segment EBIT for the quarter was $151 million versus $61 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, total segment EBIT was $166 million versus $85 million in the prior year. In Agribusiness, adjusted EBIT was $120 million compared to $52 million in the prior year. Starting with Oilseeds, both quarters were negatively impacted by crush margin mark-to-market timing effects: in the first quarter of 2019, by mark-to-market gains taken in 2018 related to the first quarter production; and in the first quarter of 2018, by mark-to-market losses related to future production. Adjusting for these 2 effects, first quarter 2019 adjusted EBIT would have been approximately $146 million compared to $86 million in 2018, an increase of $60 million. Crush results adjusted for mark-to-market were the primary driver of the increase year-over-year. Both soy and soft crush volumes were slightly higher than last year. Soy crush margins were higher as we locked in a significant portion of our first quarter production last year before margins weakened. Margins were higher in North America, Brazil and Europe but lower in China due to the effects of the African swine fever and in Argentina, which was negatively impacted by farmer retention of soybeans. And soft crush margins also rose as higher vegetable oil prices improved performance in Europe and Canada. This more than offset lower results in China. Oilseeds trading and distribution results, were down as margins declined only partially offset by higher volumes. Risk management results were positive in both periods. Moving to Grains, the segment generated EBIT of $22 million versus $86 million a year ago primarily on low origination volumes and margins in both North and South America. In North America, results were negatively impacted by weather-related disruptions, farmer retention and reduced export demand from China. In Brazil, farmer selling was limited amid a decrease in premiums related to crop size and lower export demand due to the African swine fever. Results in grain trading and distribution were lower than last year, reflecting a decline in volumes and margins. Both origination and distribution were somewhat lackluster in the first quarter with the lack of U.S.-China trade news and the continued spread of ASF. In total, we estimate that the challenging U.S. weather conditions during the quarter negatively impacted the Agribusiness segment results by approximately $20 million. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $68 million compared to $54 million in the first quarter of 2018. Edible Oils adjusted EBIT was $51 million, up from $35 million last year primarily driven by a full quarter of Loders Croklaan ownership and higher margins in Brazil resulting from tight oil supplies and reduced industrial costs. Results in Asia were slightly lower. Milling EBIT was $17 million down from an adjusted $19 million last year. Improved results in Brazil were more than offset by lower margins and volumes in Mexico while U.S. results were similar to last year. Sugar & Bioenergy had an adjusted EBIT loss of $23 million, similar to the $20 million loss last year. Results were due to lower ethanol and sugar prices largely offset by lower costs. As the first quarter is the intercrop period, our mills only began producing for the season toward the end of March. The sugar and ethanol we sold during the quarter was inventory from the previous harvest. Fertilizer EBIT was $1 million compared to a loss of $1 million in the prior year. Higher results were driven by our Argentine operation. The lower costs more than offset lower margins. Our tax expense for the quarter was $38 million. The effective tax rate of 43% was unusually high because we had losses in certain entities for which we cannot record a tax benefit. Let’s turn to Slide 5, the cash flow highlights. Cash used for operations for the first 3 months of the year was $402 million compared to cash used of approximately $1.8 billion in the same period last year. The year-over-year variance is primarily due to a decrease in inventories. Our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations were $1.2 billion. On Slide 6, net debt of approximately $5.5 billion increased as compared to approximately $5 billion at the beginning of the quarter due to an increase in working capital. Our debt largely finances our inventories. As the slide shows, more than 80% of our net debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories during the quarter. In connection with the new accounting lease standard, we recorded approximately $1 billion of operating lease assets and offsetting liabilities in the first quarter. Let’s turn to Slide 7 and our capital allocation philosophy. We remain committed to our financial policy, targeting a BBB credit rating and maintaining access to committed liquidities sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We were rated BBB flat by S&P and the equivalent of BBB- by Moody’s and Fitch. We have committed credit facilities of approximately $5 billion, of which $4.3 billion was undrawn and available at the end of the quarter, and we had a cash balance of $464 million. Within our capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization and shareholders, in a manner that we believe provides the most long-term value. We have continued to maintain discipline in CapEx spending, investing $119 million in the first quarter compared to $105 million in the first quarter of 2018. Annual capital expenditures in this year and last, are 35% below the prior 5-year annual average. We did not invest in acquisitions during the quarter, and we paid $79 million in dividends to shareholders. Let’s turn to Slide 8 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing 4-quarter average return on invested capital was 5.6% overall and 7.2% for our core Agribusiness and Food segments, above our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 200 basis points above our 7% cost of capital on the Agribusiness and Foods segments. Regarding the Global Competitiveness Program, when we announced the program in July 2017, our goal was to reduce SG&A costs by $250 million by 2020 compared to our 2017 addressable SG&A baseline of $1.35 billion. We expect to reach our $250 million savings target this year, a year ahead of plan. The $50 million in incremental savings that we expect in 2019 will be primarily driven by the continued standardization of processes and a move to shared services, IT rationalization and reductions in indirect spend. As we move into the asset optimization work and continue to streamline the organization, the company will apply the discipline we’ve developed to identify and capture additional savings. Let’s turn to the 2019 full year outlook on Slide 9. Given current market conditions, we continue to expect the full year 2019 results to be similar to 2018 but with a change in the mix. In Agribusiness, oilseeds results would be lower than in 2018 as forward soy crush margins are materially lower than last year and historical averages. Actual crush margins over the balance of the year are likely to evolve based on U.S.-China trade relations, the size of the North American crop, pace of farmer selling in North and South America, the evolution of ASF, among other factors. Based on the softseed crush margin environment, the outlook would be slightly improved compared to 2018. Actual margins will be impacted by the size of the softseed crops, which will be harvested later in the year. Improvements in risk management and how we operate should support higher results in Grains versus last year. Again, the U.S. China trade dynamic and the rate of farmer selling will affect the timing and the geographic location of origination margins. In Food & Ingredients, full year results will benefit from 12 months of ownership of Loders Croklaan and increased synergies from the integration with our B2B business. In addition, favorable Milling operating environments in Brazil and the U.S. will be partially offset by more challenging conditions in Mexico. Moving to Slide 10, in Sugar & Bioenergy, we expect results to be approximately breakeven, a significant improvement from last year and in Fertilizer, results to be slightly lower versus 2018. Also, we continue to expect CapEx of approximately $550 million, DD&A of approximately $650 million, net interest expense in the range of $290 million to $310 million and a full year effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 26% based on the anticipated mix of earnings. Regarding second quarter, we would expect overall results to be slightly lower than the first quarter. The Agribusiness environment has not changed significantly since the first quarter. F&I results are expected to be lower as a result of the timing of spending and seasonal factors. And we expect similar seasonally driven losses in Sugar & Bioenergy and Fertilizer in the second quarter as we had in the first quarter. This outlook does not include any new crush mark-to-market or timing differences, which would be determined by market prices as of the end of the quarter. I will now turn the call back over to Greg.
Greg Heckman: Thank you again for joining us today. The changes we have underway will help simplify our internal structure and processes, allowing us to leverage the depth of our expertise and increase accountability across Bunge. We are making progress against our strategic priorities, which will result in tangible benefits for our shareholders and customers. And with that, operator, let’s open the line for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you for questions. Greg, Bunge, historically, was run on a very regional basis. There were regional presidents who had a lot of authority, and I think that probably limited the capability of the company to leverage its global footprint. So can you talk a little bit about the cultural change that this reorganization will require? And can you talk about the potential for execution risk as you shift to this new model? Are there are other ag business companies like – well, peers of yours that have shifted to this model successfully that you are using as a comp also? Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Good morning, Rob. This is about performance. This is about simplification, accountability and speed. And we are looking to improve accountability and speed and through simplification it’s going to help a lot of that. We are going to organize around customers and markets, customers that we serve and the assets and people that operate and the markets that drive our margins.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Can you talk about whether this is a big cultural change for the company?
Greg Heckman: Well, eliminating the regional matrix is definitely a cultural change. But I think the journey the company has been on the last 2 years, if you look at the Global Competitiveness Program, the functions had moved to global. And the company has been transitioning there. And then if you look at the acquisition of Loders, so the Bunge Loders Croklaan, on our B2B Oils platform, the company positioned that as a global platform when they decided how that would best operate. So, there’s already been a couple of big shifts there with a lot of success behind them over the last 2 years. So, I think the evolution was started and it was time to go all the way.
Robert Moskow: Okay, great. And one follow-up, you mentioned that Loders will now report directly to you, and it’s shifted to a global platform. When you say that does that mean that it has now integrated with Bunge’s heritage Edible Oils operations or a part of Bunge’s heritage operations? Like is this a is this now operating like a global Edible Oils business or are there still kind of regional areas of Edible Oils that are separate from it? Thanks.
Greg Heckman: Yes. The team positioned it as a global platform. So, the Bunge Loders Croklaan JV and our legacy business-to-business Oils platform now operates as one platform under Aaron. No change there. The only change is he’ll be reporting to me.
Robert Moskow: Okay, the reason I asked is because I guess it gets down to like doesn’t it still get down to like the consumer level in Brazil like a retail bottled oils operation that even have some brands attached to it or is that part of this network or kind of separate or not?
Greg Heckman: No, that’s attached to our oilseed value chain. So those are attached to our value chains. In all of, these businesses, they even in a global business, there are certain things that are always of course executed locally. And that’s part of getting the business model right and being able to be very clear about who has the accountability and being able to make decisions at commercial speed for our customers and across our network for our shareholders.
Robert Moskow: Okay alright. I will stop there. Thank you.
Greg Heckman: Alright, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, I guess first, Greg, just wanted to dig a little bit more on some of the strategic actions and there was an illusion in your remarks to portfolio optimization and not specifically identifying businesses, and I get that for sensitivity reasons. But any way to frame how big that bucket could be, whether it’s in terms of how much invested capital it represents, what the multiyear average earnings of those businesses were, just framing kind of what in terms of portfolio changes, how big those that could be?
Greg Heckman: Let me walk you through the work how we are moving that forward. So, we have taken and prioritized into three buckets, if you will between what we want to do and what we know we can do. And that first bucket are all our active projects and we’ve dedicated internal and external resources, and that work is well underway. And those will be the things in the first bucket that you’ll hear about first when we’re able to share it. The second bucket are the things that are in late stage where we’ve made a decision about what we’re going to do. And now, we’re probably between two paths on how we do it in order to create the most shareholder value. And so those are late stage, and they’ll be moving in the active stage and having additional resources applied to those. And then the things that are in the third stage are things that are maybe a little more complex and where we’ve got some analyses ongoing or whether may be a bigger strategic question. So that’s to kind of frame where we are at right now.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. But not at a point where you’d really know at least especially that first group kind of frame how big of an op how big that is, just at a high level even if those [indiscernible] businesses?
Greg Heckman: No. Just can’t do that right now.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then shifting gears on the macro, just obviously, a lot of moving pieces in the world today between the between U.S.-China trade and ASF and appreciating that the timing and exact outcomes of each is still unclear. But I was hoping you could just frame how the company is approaching both of those from an opportunity and risk perspective over the balance of the year and into 2020.
Greg Heckman: Okay. Let’s start with ASF. As we said, the timing and the magnitude of the eventual impact, really tough. And so, we’re not going to try to predict that. That being said, we are running a number of scenarios. And our teams are seeing everything you’re seeing publicly and then, of course, looking across our portfolio with the information that we have. We believe the over the long term, that should provide us some tailwinds, but we’re just not willing to say when that’s going to be right now.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And U.S. China trade?
Greg Heckman: U.S.-China trade, that’s also a timing issue. Even if you knew the timing, you’d need to know the content of what the outcome is going to be, and we don’t know either about a resolution. So again, I think our team has done a very good job in what’s a difficult environment and ensuring that we continue to manage the earnings at risk in our portfolio and also protect the company from any of the stroke of pen risk that exists in this type of scenario. So, we’ve got no specific call on that.
Adam Samuelson: Okay I appreciate that color. I will pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Simonitsch of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Tom Simonitsch: Good morning.
Greg Heckman: Good morning Tom.
Tom Simonitsch: You mentioned farmer retention of soybeans impacting Q1 results. Can you just provide some more color by region? How do you expect farmer selling to evolve from here? And how are you managing your supply of beans in South America?
Greg Heckman: Okay. Our team we’ve got a great footprint in South America and a great team there who’s doing a very good job of managing what we need. The Argentinian farmer has continued to retain the majority of his soybeans after marketing corn and wheat and using that as a hedge against the upcoming possible financial turmoil with an election in Q4. In Brazil, I think we know he’s well marketed. The farmer has well marketed early and then slowed things down. And he’ll really be driven by price, we think, on a go forward. And then, of course, the American farmer’s waiting to get in the field and hoping he’ll get a little dry weather and be busy. And the historical pattern is he’s probably we get into Q3, he’ll have a good look at how his crops coming along and what he ended up planting and he’ll have to make some choices.
Tom Simonitsch: That’s helpful. And also, could you walk through the softseed crush fundamentals by region? And maybe outline where you see the most upside or downside rest of the margins through this year?
Greg Heckman: Yes. I’d say just overall it looks a lot like last year right now. And then as crops come off later in the year, that’ll be the key that and I’m not calling any big change to what we saw last quarter when we put the business plan together.
Tom Simonitsch: I will pass it on. Thank you very much.
Greg Heckman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning. This is Cornell Burnette on for asking questions for David.
Greg Heckman: Good morning Cornell.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. Great. Just wanted to start off, it sounds like when you’re building kind of the forecast here that in Agribusiness, the on the oilseed side, you’re basically just looking at the current strip for crush margins and assuming that kind of holds. And then on the grain distribution side, it just sounds like you’re I would assume that you’re not really expecting a deal with China. Just wanted to know was that the case? And then if so, kind of how do you look at ASF and the potential for a China deal kind of really impacting the numbers? Does it give you a sense that perhaps kind of the forecast over time could have some upside related to it because of these events. And so maybe the bias is just a little bit higher than where it was perhaps 3 months ago.
Greg Heckman: I mean let me start with the first 2, and then maybe you’ll have to help me there and come back on the last 2. The first, I think you’ve got them right. We’re continuing to look at what the market is telling us and providing with the forward move curves. So, you’re correct there. And then on the origination and distribution marketing business, again, we continue to look at the current marketplace and the outlook there. And that is tied, as you said, to U.S.-China trade. Because if you continue to have no resolution, we’ve got traditional trade flows interrupted and that they’re distorted. It’s very disruptive to the system and then not being able to put longer-term programs together while we’re staying in a very close-in position until things are clear definitely changes the soybean seaborne trade with the share of that market that China is.
Thom Boehlert: Let me just add to that on the margins. There has been a run-up a bit in board crush over the course of April. When you look at our portfolio, a little less than half is really kind of correlated very directly to board crush, so that’s our U.S. production and our European production. But our Brazil and Argentine production as well as China are not really that correlated to the board crush. So, and those margins are lower than board crush at the moment. So, when we look at the outlook, we’re really looking at the market overall across all of our regions. The increase in board crush recently has given us confidence in our outlook. But of course, based on the conditions and the factors that we’ve talked about globally, those market prices can change pretty quickly.
Cornell Burnette: And then just kind of thinking about like Argentina and Brazil, I would assume kind of on a year-over-year basis with the outlook for Argentina, it’s not like it has to be better with the new crop just given that you didn’t really have much soy to work with on this year. And then in Brazil, equally I think kind of at certain points in the year, you had Brazilian soy price just trading at big premiums that perhaps what you saw in the U.S. market so maybe basis was a little bit difficult for Bunge in those regions. So just kind of putting those 2 factors together, understanding that South America is structurally going to have somewhat lower crush margins than the U.S. But just kind of on a year-over-year basis, are you a little bit more optimistic about the South American business relative to perhaps what transpired last year?
Thom Boehlert: I mean crush margins are lower around the globe compared to last year. I mean last year was a historically high year. So that’s our outlook. Our outlook incorporates, a crush margin environment, which reflects the current market much lower than last year.
Greg Heckman: If you look at the marketplace while North America is a little better now, still below last year than South America, the market is telling us with the curve inverted, that it’s not going to stay that way. And then in South America, which is well below last year at this time, the market is saying, they could get somewhat better. So, it’s a real mixed bag.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, thanks a lot. I will pass it on.
Greg Heckman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews: Thank you. Greg, could you maybe talk a little bit about sort of your philosophy around sort of how you want to drive the company’s earnings? And you could bring in risk management on that. And I guess what I’m asking is, are you openly going to aspire to some type of aspirational earnings per share target? And are you going to sort of encourage risk management that would sort of encourage really swinging for it when an opportunity is there and taking risk on it? Or are you going to encourage more of a tollbooth model where you’re trying to take the volatility out of earnings and demonstrate sort of a sustainable level of earnings power that maybe would get a higher multiple? So maybe you could just touch on some of those thematics?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Our short-term goal is to get Bunge positioned to reach the full potential of what is a fantastic portfolio and a really talented workforce. And that’s #1. As far as risk management, we’ve got billions of dollars of assets invested investments. And it’s our job through risk management to maximize the earnings that are available through that asset base but to ensure that the risk is appropriate for the environment that we’re operating in, which, as we’ve kind of been talking about here the last half an hour, is quite dynamic right now. We want to use the phenomenal capabilities that this company’s, got, but we have to have a risk-adjusted approach for the earnings that this portfolio will make.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And maybe just as a follow-up on farmer selling, which has been an issue for the industry increasingly. And you noted in the USDA report how much of the beans were unfarmed, which was pretty remarkable. Is there anything structurally that you think the company can do to improve the flow of beans from the farmer? Maybe if the even if that means accepting a lower margin over time, than you might get if you just sort of waited around and hoped that the farmer sold it at an attractive time for both of you? I mean what can change about that farmer selling dynamic?
Greg Heckman: Ultimately, the farmer is going to manage his business, but he is an important customer for us on that end of the supply chain. And so, we’re going to operate as we always do and try to be helpful, giving him insights and providing liquidity, providing logistics, if he needs it. And then using the balance of our system to find the best points of demand and then trying to get it from origin to destination as cheaply as possible. So, we’ll continue to try help that customer be successful. We need all our customers to be profitable and growing. That makes this industry a lot more fun.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, thanks. I will pass it on.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones of Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning.
Greg Heckman: Good morning Heather.
Heather Jones: Good morning. So, I guess I wanted to start with your oil price outlook. So, you’ve mentioned that your overall outlook for the company hasn’t changed much. But so, but I wanted to dive into oil specifically. There are some positive demand drivers this year. But at least one of them, the Brazilian increase in the bio-diesel mandate, has been delayed. So, I was just wondering if you overall, has your outlook for the oil pricing for the year changed at all or do you think there are other things that can offset that Brazilian factor?
Greg Heckman: You’ve called out one of the things that was helpful here in Q1 no doubt. But there are a number of puts and takes in the portfolio. So, and we haven’t called that out particularly. I think this again is part of what we’re doing here with our operating model is to ensure in an environment that this dynamic that they are capturing all of the margin possible. And that’s through managing the oil and the meal and the beans and that the team is focused on making those decisions at commercial speed.
Heather Jones: Okay. And my second question is on ASF and I understand that you have been pretty clear that you won’t talk to timing you won’t talk to magnitude, understandably. But one of the things we’re discovering is that there are, some doubt as to whether ASF can be a positive for companies like you and all when Chinese soybean meal demand is clearly down and going to be down considerably for an extended period. So, could you help us understand how forget timing, magnitude, but just how ASF could play out as a positive for Bunge with its existing footprint even with lower demand in China? How would that look?
Greg Heckman: Sure. Sure. And I might go back and just say one thing on timing that probably is important that ties into the answer is how we think about it’s really our customers. The animal protein has to see the price signals and then choose to expand, so we’re a second derivative of that demand. So that’s the thing that makes timing tough. And that’s why it’s probably those tailwinds are farther out. Now about 15% of our crush is in China. So, we really like being globally diversified with our footprint because we believe as the amount of beans slowing down slow down going to China because of the slow down meal demand there that the animal protein will expand at some point and that’ll be outside of China where the majority of our crush is. That should be good for meal demand. As the amount of beans going there are pushed back to origins around the world, again, that’s where the balance of our crushing exists. And again, that should be good for margins. So that’s how we’re kind of thinking about it.
Heather Jones: Okay perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow: Hi good morning everyone.
Greg Heckman: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow: Just a couple of probably follow-ups more than anything else is, if you and following up on one of the questions, if you had reorganized in the way you are going to go in the future, how much do you think that would have contributed to your past performance over the last 5 years? How would that have made a difference in the earnings potential over the last 5 years? That’s my first question.
Greg Heckman: So, Ken, you’re starting with the easy ones. I’ve got to say we’ve got to we’ve we’re doing this because we believe it makes us better operators of our assets and to serve customers better. So, the easiest thing to look at would be kind of self-inflicted mistakes that we would be able to avoid. That’s the easiest thing to look at going backwards. That’s why we’ve talked about the faster commercial decision-making and ultimately, about trying to unleash the full potential of this portfolio. So, I don’t have a number for you. It’s more. And to be continued, I guess.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. The second easy question I have is, when you break up the portfolio into those 3 buckets, and I’m not asking which ones, but in the active, how what percentage are you there on the active that you’re actually doing something? Or are you still in that third category where we are still analyzing? I guess what I’m trying to figure out is, what’s the speed to which we’ll start to see the actions, right? So, if you’re 90% in bucket 1 versus 10% in bucket 1, there’s probably a difference in timing, right? Is that not a fair way of thinking of that? And can you give us some perspective on that?
Greg Heckman: No. You got that right. The timing as we bucket, you’re going to hear about the things in bucket 1 first when I say active projects where we’ve got not only dedicated internal people working on it, we brought dedicated external people and resources to bear. And their conversations are ongoing. So, we’ll those are the ones you’ll hear about first.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. So, there’s nothing in that bucket yet. Is that what you’re saying? There’s nothing in that bucket you’re all in bucket 2 and 3 at this point, and then...
Greg Heckman: No. No, no. We have a no. we have a number of active projects in bucket 1. We have a number of active projects with conversations going on way going on now, which are paving the way for change.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then just one clarification on the African swine fever, and correct me if I’m wrong. So, China obviously does not buy soybean meal. So, the decrease in soybean meal demand by China is not a one-for-one on the global market. But if there’s an expansion outside of China as a one-for-one relationship to soybean meal demand on global prices, is that why there is a potential that African swine fever would actually be a net benefit over time to you? And is that the right way of thinking about it? And saying I’m wrong is fine, too. I’m just curious.
Greg Heckman: No. No, I think that’s the right way to think about it. Of course, you’ve got to make assumptions on which species the protein where does that protein demand get switched to by species and then by geographically, but yes, the soybean meal demand if it was like-for-like by species, it would be one-for-one on the meal demand. And then of course, without the meal demand being in China, they don’t need as many beans. So yes, I agree. You are right.
Ken Zaslow: Great. Appreciate. Thank you, guys.
Greg Heckman: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Thanks for the follow-up. At the risk of stirring up trouble, one of your competitors had I think provided a much more bullish outlook for the back half of the year based on a thesis that the entire world will need to increase livestock supplies to make up for the depletion of the Chinese herd. And I think based on that, they thought that soybean meal prices would go higher, margins would go higher. And your tone today, Greg, I think is much more conservative than that. And that sounds like a purposeful choice and maybe a reasonable choice, but can you see I guess a lot of upside to that thesis if it plays out for your business?
Greg Heckman: Yes, sure. You are correct. We probably are taking a measured approach from the analysis we have done and it’s basically thinking about the animal lifecycle, right. So we have got to send the price signals to the market and then get the animals in place to create the demand and we think that’s beyond 2019.
Robert Moskow: Okay, thank you.
Operator: And we have a question I see from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks for taking the follow-up. Just to go back on the China and the ASF and the soybean meal, I guess my question is if with the change to the herd there in theory, they need to import fewer soybeans and that means there is more soybeans available in the rest of the world. So I guess my question is, if crush margins do indeed increase because meal demand is higher, aren’t there excess beans around to be crushed to chase after that higher meal price? And ultimately, wouldn’t the market find an equilibrium perhaps at better margins than today but maybe not at sort of the fantastical crush margins that could be in place for a period of time?
Greg Heckman: I think you have said it well, I think we agree with you and that’s why the outlook is what it is. Wonderful thing, the market works and it will adjust. So I think that’s right.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Greg Heckman: Sure.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Ruth Ann Wisener for any closing remarks.
Ruth Ann Wisener: So thanks for your time today. And if you have follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to me.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-21 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Limited Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2018 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Haden, Investor Relations Officer. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden: Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current view with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and we encourage you to review these factors. On the call this morning are Kathy Hyle, Bunge's Non-Executive Board Chair; Greg Heckman, the company's Acting CEO; and Tom Boehlert, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Kathy.
Kathleen Hyle: Thank you, Mark, and good morning. As you know, I was appointed Bunge's Non-Executive Board Chair in December of last year, having served on the Board since 2012. Before we get started, I'd like to briefly review today's agenda. I will first make some general comments about our strategic review process and the ongoing CEO search. I will then turn the call over to Greg Heckman, a Board Member who became Bunge's Acting Chief Executive Officer a month ago. Greg will discuss our results, actions he has taken since becoming acting CEO and our key strategic priorities. Following Greg's remarks, Tom will review our results in detail and provide our 2019 outlook. We will then take your questions. Over the last several months, we've made a number of positive and significant changes to reposition the company for sustainable future growth. But let me start by saying that we are not satisfied with our Q4 results. We have the global footprint, assets and the team to perform better. And to that end, I'd like to outline three areas, where we're taking action. First, we have moved quickly to address the critical issue of leadership. In December, we announced that Soren Schroder would step down as CEO. At that time, we hired an executive search firm and began a comprehensive global process to find our next CEO and that work continues. We recognize the importance of completing this process in a timely manner. In the interim, it is important that we continue to move forward as we work to reposition the company and realize our earnings potential. And that is why we appointed Board Member Greg Heckman as our Acting CEO. Greg brings 30 years of experience in agribusiness, and food and Ingredients. He also brings a fresh perspective. He has instilled a new level of accountability, speed and execution which is driving our progress. And his strong leadership skills have already had a significant impact. I am delighted that Greg has stepped up to the position of Acting CEO. Additionally, in the last few months, we refreshed our executive ranks by appointing a new head of Agribusiness, and creating and filling the new position of Head of Global Risk Management. Second, through the Strategic Review Committee of the Board that was formed in November, we have initiated a comprehensive and detailed review of each of Bunge's individual businesses, as well as the company's capital allocation priorities. Greg will have more to say about this shortly, but we are moving quickly to focus on our core portfolio and ensure that we are investing in the businesses that yield the strongest returns. Third, we have made substantial enhancements to our Board, adding four new Directors and refreshing the Chairs of most committees. We are a highly engaged Board that is fully aligned and dedicated to enhancing shareholder value. We are working together with the leadership team with a new sense of urgency. And while there are some challenges facing the company and the industry more generally, we are taking the necessary steps to position the business for future growth and long-term success. Our strong global footprint, talented people, global supply chain, and network of relationships and customers give us a solid foundation on which to build and that is why I am proud to be associated with this company. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thank you, Kathy. And thanks everyone for joining us today. I'm very pleased to have been asked to take on the role of Acting CEO. During my 30-plus-years in the food and agricultural industries, I've come to know the products, customers and key players well. I was also very familiar with Bunge, a truly first class company. Even in my short time leading the company, I can see many strengths. We're the world's largest producer and exporter of soy products. Our extensive global footprint, which would be extremely difficult to replicate includes 32 port terminals, 52 oilseed processing plants, over a 160 grain silos, and 117 food and ingredient production facilities, connecting almost 100,000 farmers with consumers in more than 60 countries. We have a team of talented people with deep institutional, industry and customer knowledge, who are entrepreneurial and passionate about driving the success of Bunge. I've had the opportunity to meet many of them over the past month and I've been very impressed. Additionally, our commitment to safety, sustainability and corporate responsibility are core tenets of our culture. These attributes, along with the solid long-term market fundamentals provide the basis for my confidence in the earnings power and growth potential of Bunge. In 2018, there were many things we did well and which we can be proud. For example, we capitalized on the significant rebound in global soy crush margins, which included securing a portion of our first half 2019 crush capacity before market conditions weakened. This allowed us to capture approximately $100 million of incremental EBIT, which contributed to our 2018 results. We're also successfully integrating Loders Croklaan with our existing B2B oils business, setting us up to demonstrate the value of this powerful combination going forward. We're already seeing the power of the additional innovation and customer capabilities this combined platform provides. We are ahead of schedule on cost savings from our Global Competitiveness Program. With approximately $200 million captured over the past 18 months with more to come in 2019, as this becomes a part of Bunge's ongoing continuous improvement in simplification work. However, 2018 was also a year in which operational and risk management missteps negatively impacted results. And as Kathy mentioned, we're not satisfied with our performance. We had crush plant downtime as well as startup delays that caused us to miss volumes and profits in markets that we're enjoying robust demand. And while risk management results were profitable for the full year, they were well below typical levels. Combined with the challenging conditions in Sugar & Bioenergy, 2018 could have, and frankly, should have been a much better year. So clearly, we're not satisfied with this outcome. We know that Bunge can and must do better. And we are working aggressively to address the root causes of these issues. As we enter 2019, we will emphasize 4 key priorities: first, driving operational performance; second, optimizing the portfolio; third, implementing a more rigorous approach to our capital allocation framework; and fourth, improving our financial discipline, making us more nimble, so we can adapt to changing markets and support our customers as their businesses in the industry continue to evolve. Driving operational performance means a number of things, such as streamlined decision making to be more responsive to market forces, increasing accountability, getting closer to customers to expand our opportunities and sharing best practices across geographies. Optimizing the portfolio which involves identifying and focusing on the businesses where we can compete and win, it's fundamental to increasing shareholder value, which is our ultimate goal. As Kathy mentioned, the strategic review committee has been looking closely at Bunge's assets and operations from a fact-based outside-in perspective. We're taking a holistic approach and nothing is off limit as we continue our work. While the committee's analysis is ongoing that work is already helping our leadership team, assess and prioritize portfolio changes and capital allocation decisions. Given the confidential nature of this work I can't offer more details at this time we're working to crystallize our plans and we will provide additional information as appropriate. A more disciplined capital allocation process will incorporate learnings from our past investments and prioritize our use of working capital. This along with optimizing the portfolio will help us maintain a strong balance sheet, which is imperative for operating in our industry. And of course, a continued focus on financial discipline is critical we've demonstrated that we can successfully reduce costs as shown by the $200 million of savings delivered so far through our Global Competitiveness Program, now we'll apply what we've learned across the business as we look for other ways to improve productivity. And of course, we'll always do this without impacting the quality and safety standards that are hallmarks at Bunge. And finally, a few words around risk management. This is and will continue to be a core capability for Bunge that's why we're very pleased that Brian Zachman rejoin us in his new role as head of global risk management. Brian is working to reinforce our decision making and risk management framework across the company. He will help us respond better to the involving environment that defines today's agricultural and food markets. So to sum up, our priorities are improved operational performance, portfolio optimization, a more rigorous approach to capital allocation and a continued focus on financial discipline. In pursuit of these goals, Bunge will be more performance-focused and strategic with an emphasis on world-class execution. And before I turn the call over to Tom, I'll speak to our guidance. As you know, we operate in dynamic markets that can change rapidly, making it very difficult to accurately forecast margins volumes. We recognize that trying to predict future earnings based on inputs that are market driven is not useful to investors. And as a result we are changing how we provide guidance. Instead of providing individual segment EBIT ranges as we have in the past, we will provide directional guidance for the company as a whole based on what the market is telling us at the time. So looking ahead with this framework in mind, we expect 2019 to be a transitional year for Bunge as we continue to evaluate our businesses with fresh eyes, exit some businesses and implement required changes to create a stronger company positioned for sustainable growth. Given current market conditions, we would expect full year 2019 results to be similar to 2018. Improvements in Food & Ingredients and Sugar & Bioenergy and incremental savings from our cost programs would be largely offset by lower soy crush margins, which are presently well below last year. Agribusiness market conditions could change and most likely will, but as we mentioned earlier we're not going to try to predict the future, but rather will base our expectations on the current market environment. Tom will go through the outlook in greater detail shortly. So in summary, I am excited about our future and the opportunities that lie ahead. We have a tremendous global network of assets and people. We are committed to a new level of urgency, accountability and focus on execution. Bunge's fundamental earnings power remain strong, I am confident that we are focusing on the areas that will ultimately deliver greater value to shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Tom to go through the numbers and provide greater detail on our 2019 outlook.
Thomas Boehlert: Thank you, Greg. Good morning everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Page 6. Reported fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations was a loss of $0.51 compared to a loss of $0.48 in the fourth quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.08 in the fourth quarter versus $0.67 in the prior year. Pretax notable charges totaled $37 million during the quarter, primarily related to the Global Competitiveness Program, the early extinguishment of debt and impairment charge and acquisition related integration costs. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $70 million compared to $55 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, total segment EBIT was $107 million compared to $155 million in the prior year. And Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $55 million, $23 million less than the prior year, which was primarily due to the reduction in the value of the company's Brazilian soybean ownership as factors related to China trade and demand caused Brazilian prices to converge with U.S. and Brazilian new crop bean prices. The approximately $125 million loss associated with this reduction impacted results in both grains and oil seeds. In oil seeds, structural soy crush margins were higher in all regions due to more favorable market conditions with the exception of Argentina where margins were lower due to tight bean supplies resulting from the drought and farmer retention. Total soy crush volumes were similar to last year as higher volumes in the U.S. and Europe were offset by lower volumes in South America. Results in softseed processing were higher than last year as improved structural margins in Europe more than offset lower margins in Canada. Oilseeds trading and distribution results were negatively impacted by the reduction in the value of our Brazilian soybean ownership as described earlier. There was no significant impact from mark-to-market in the quarter as gains were offset by losses consumed from prior periods and other timing differences. For the full year 2018, we recorded approximately $100 million of mark-to-market benefit relating to 2019 forward crush commitments. Moving to Grains. Lower results in the quarter were primarily driven by the Brazilian soybean impact. Origination results in Brazil were also pressured by very little farmer selling of old and new crop beans due to tight supplies and a drop in local prices. Results in North America declined due to lower structural margins and volumes, which were primarily impacted by decreased soybean demand from China. And results in grain trading and distribution were comparable to last year. For the full year, while Agribusiness did not close the year as expected, the segment showed significant year-over-year improvement, generating $709 million of adjusted EBIT, compared to $332 million in 2017, an increase of 114%, driven by strong soy and softseed crush margins. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $73 million, compared to $70 million in the fourth quarter 2017. Edible oils adjusted results of $56 million were $6 million higher than last year, driven by the contribution from Bunge's Loders Croklaan and improved performance in Europe, which benefited from higher volumes and lower unit costs. Results in Argentina were also improved on higher volumes and margins. Results in North America and Brazil were lower than last year. For the full year, edible oils adjusted results of $142 million were $10 million lower compared to last year, primarily driven by lower margins in refined oil. The strong soy crush environment during the year increased soy oil stock pressuring margins, particularly in Brazil and North America. Loders Croklaan has performed well since we acquired our 70% interest in March. The integration is proceeding. We've achieved $10 million in synergies consistent with the investment case and the company is within a few percentage points of the investment case EBITDA after adjusting for temporary acquisition related amortization and commodity price timing variances. Milling adjusted results of $17 million decreased by $3 million as compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Higher margins and volumes in Brazil were more than offset by lower margins and volumes in Mexico. Results in the U.S. were similar to last year. Sugar & Bioenergy, quarterly adjusted EBIT was a loss of $48 million, compared to a loss of $8 million in the prior year. Results were significantly below our expectations, primarily due to the combination of sustained rain during the quarter negatively impacting sales and unit costs and lower than expected ethanol prices, which were unfavorably impacted by the decrease in retail gasoline prices in Brazil. Compared to last year, lower results were primarily driven by lower sugar prices and weather-related reduction in sugarcane crush volume and yields, which was only partially offset by higher average ethanol prices. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT was $27 million compared to $15 million in the prior year. Higher results in the quarter were driven by our Argentine operation were lower costs related to prior restructuring actions more than offset lower volumes and margins. Additionally, fourth quarter results included the remaining $6 million recovery of foreign exchange losses recorded in the second quarter. Adjusting income taxes for notable items, the effective tax rate for the year was 26%. The higher than expected rate was primarily due to earnings mix and the loss in Sugar & Bioenergy, which added an incremental 4 percentage points to the rate. Let's turn to Slide 7, the cash flow highlights. In 2018, we generated approximately $1.1 billion of adjusted funds from operations, an increase of 23% from the prior year. The cash flow generation enabled us to fund CapEx, increase our common dividend and begin to pay down debt used to acquire Loders Croklaan in March. Turning to the highlights of our balance sheet on Slide 8. While net debt of approximately $5 billion increased as compared to 2017 due to higher inventories and the acquisition of Loders Croklaan, it was significantly lower than the $7 billion balance at the end of the third quarter. It's important to note that our debt largely finances our inventories. As the chart shows on the slide, more than 90% of our net debt was used to finance readily marketable inventories at the end of 2018. Let's turn to Slide 9 and the capital allocation process. We remain committed to our financial policy targeting a BBB credit rating and to maintaining access to committed liquidity, sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We're rated BBB by S&P and the equivalent of BBB minus by Moody's and Fitch. We ended the year with committed credit facilities of approximately $5 billion, of which $4.5 billion was undrawn and available. During the fourth quarter, we extended $1.7 billion of committed bank facilities maturing in 2019 through 2023 and earlier this week, we increased and extended our $800 million securitization facility. With our capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We have continued to maintain strict discipline in capital spending investing $493 million in CapEx in 2018 compared to $662 million in 2017. We've invested $981 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of Loders Croklaan and we've paid $305 million of dividends to shareholders. Let's turn to Slide 10 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital was 5% overall and 6.5% for our core Agribusiness and Food businesses, 50 basis points below our 7% cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 200 basis points above our cost of capital on those segments. And as Greg laid out earlier, increasing our returns and simplifying our business is a top priority. Let's turn to Slide 11. We announced the Global Competitiveness Program a year and a half ago. The program is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure to drive efficiency, help us scale the company and realize significant additional value from our global platform. When we announced the program, our goal was to achieve a reduction in SG&A costs of $250 million by 2020, as compared to our 2017 addressable SG&A baseline of $1.35 billion. Initially, we expected cumulative savings of $100 million in 2018 and a $180 million in 2019. In 2018, we've achieved actual total savings of $200 million as compared to the baseline, double the initial target. The cost reduction can be tracked directly to our SG&A expense line and our financial statements as shown on the slide. The improvement comes from our ability to meet our stretch indirect spend targets, while maintaining momentum in organizational efficiency. Cost reduction is roughly equally split between indirect spend and employee costs. Moving to 2019, we expect to realize an additional $50 million of savings as we consolidate the next phase of work into shared service centers. As I said at the outset of the program, some of the $250 million of SG&A savings will be reinvested in new technologies and capabilities. I expect we'll see some of this reinvestment in 2019, as we transition and reposition the company. In addition to the Competitiveness Program, we achieved approximately $90 million of industrial cost savings and efficiencies in 2018 through our ongoing programs, which roughly offset the impact of inflation on our cost. Let's turn to the 2019 outlook on Slide 12, given current market conditions, we would expect full year 2019 results to be similar to 2018, but with a change in the mix. In Agribusiness, given the current soy crush margin environment, where margins are materially lower than last year and historical averages, results in oilseeds would be lower compared to 2018. Actual crush margins over the course of the year are likely to evolve based on U.S./China trade relations, crop sizes and the pace of farmer selling among other things. Based on the softseed crush margin environment, the outlook would be slightly improved compared to 2018. Actual margins will largely be impacted by the size of the softseed crops, which will be harvested later in the year. Improvements in risk management and how we operate should support higher results in grains versus last year. In Food & Ingredients, full year results will benefit from 12 months of ownership of Loders Croklaan and increased synergies from the integration with our B2B business. And favorable milling and operating environments in Brazil and the U.S. will be partially offset by more challenging conditions in Mexico. Turning to Slide 13, Sugar & Bioenergy, based on normal weather patterns and the current forward sugar and ethanol price curves, we would expect full year 2019 results to be approximately breakeven compared to a loss of $105 million in 2018. And we'd expect to crush approximately 19 million tons of cane. With approximately 60% of our sugar hedged for the year, the primary drivers in profitability will be the impact of weather on the sugarcane crop and Brazilian ethanol market prices. The international sugar trading and distribution business that we sold in 2018 generated losses of approximately $25 million that year. Those losses will not reoccur. And as in past years, results will be seasonally weighted to the second half of the year with an expected loss in the first quarter. In Fertilizer, based on current market conditions, full year results would be lower than last year. We expect 2019 CapEx of approximately $550 million, DD&A of approximately $650 million, net interest expense to be in the range of $290 million to $310 million, and the full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 22% to 26% based on the anticipated mix of earnings. With regard to the first quarter, we expect Agribusiness to be soft with a slow start to the year, while Food & Ingredients results should be solid. And we would expect seasonal losses in Sugar & Bioenergy and Fertilizer. I'll now turn the call back over to Greg.
Gregory Heckman: Thanks, Tom. Thanks again for joining us today. I hope you come away with a better sense of our priorities and how we're positioning Bunge for the future. We have a solid foundation and the entire management team is committed to realizing Bunge's full potential. This will take some time, but we're establishing a clear direction. And I am confident we can better leverage Bunge's strengths with increased focus and improved execution. While the work of the Strategic Review Committee is pivotal, it is already helping us to make operational changes to improve performance and to make decisions about where we should and should not focus our resources and deploy our capital. We remain a laser focused on creating value for our investors and all our stakeholders. And we understand the urgency of the situation. We'll update the market as soon as we have additional progress to report. Thank you. Operator, we're now - please, open the line for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Gregory Heckman: Good morning.
Kathleen Hyle: Good morning.
David Driscoll: Okay. So I had two questions and I'll pass it along after. The first one just relates to the guidance on the year. So if the - it looks to me like return on invested capital excluding Sugar is projected to be below the 6.5% that you achieved in 2018. Crush margins are well above historical norms. So while I appreciate that they're down year-over-year, they're still externally strong. You've got cost savings, and you've got the Loders' synergies coming in. Can you just explain like if you have $0.90 crush margins, this isn't enough to get you to a return on invested capital at 7% or better from those businesses? And I think a lot of us probably just like to hear your thoughts, Greg, as to why. And then I have a follow-up, please.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. Let me start and if I miss anything Tom will fill in. While we look at - you mentioned historical numbers, while we look at the history, what we're doing now is - what we're looking is what the current market is giving us. And we're not saying that we are smarter than what the current market is. And based on that, and while the U.S. and Europe look better right now than history, South America both Brazil and Argentina are definitely both below cost right now. So that's what went into our outlook. There are definitely a lot of drivers that can affect that as we go forward. When the farmer commercializes his crop in each of these markets, of course, the outcome of U.S./China trade discussions, the ultimate size of the soybean crops, the biodiesel demand where that shakes out, and then of course, ultimately livestock margins and demand. So there's no doubt we've got a number of moving pieces. And what we're trying to make sure is that we have the company in agile and nimble position that as things develop that we're able to maximize our margins and capture all that that we can. But what I don't want to start out here is making a lot of promises on a marketplace that doesn't exist today.
David Driscoll: Okay, and then, my follow-up would just be, you said in your script, Greg, that the earnings power story is - or the earnings power is strong for the company. But 2017 numbers wouldn't agree with that, 2018 numbers wouldn't agree with that, and 2019 numbers wouldn't agree with that. Why do you think the earnings power is strong and what is this earnings power? It's been a tough number of years. And risk management, you called it out, but from our point of view, it's been lacking significantly at the company. What is the earnings power and what gives you confidence that you can achieve it in any reasonable timeframe?
Gregory Heckman: Well, the work that we've done at the Strategic Risk Committee, part of that's been looking very granularly at individual units and the historical earnings power. It's also given us the ability to look at past returns on capital, projects not only M&A, but internal and organic. It's - as you said, risk management is a core tenet. It's a core capability of this company. And it's something that we believe we can strengthen and improve. There are huge physical flows that move through this origination platform, and through this processing, the food and commodity processing. And we've got to manage our risk and the customers' risk. We've got to do a better job of that and make sure that we're nimble and agile for the environment that we're in. And based on my history, and some of the other folks that have been here and some that have joined recently, as we look at that, we believe that that earning power is here. And then, through the portfolio rationalization, look, we've got a great global footprint. We've got a leading position in a number of these businesses. And what we've got to do is we've got to drive those businesses. We've got to make sure they get the lion's share of our resources. And those are the businesses that are meeting our growth and return standards that have a strong market position that are in a position to compete and win and relevant to the customers. And then, we're going to fix those businesses that we believe can be in that category, but are not today. But we are going to have very specific plans to fix those and to fix them on a very defined timeline. And then, we're going to exit those businesses that we don't believe can get there on the right timeline. And those are businesses, where maybe we're not the best owner. And as we've said similar to the public position on Sugar, we'll - where Sugar we'll list or sell or JV it when the time is right. But we'll own it like we're going to own it forever. In the meantime, that on these other businesses we'll sell or JV or partner them if we think we're not the best owners. And that's why I believe that the earnings power of this platform exists.
David Driscoll: All right, well, thank you for the comments and we'll look forward to further updates. I'll pass it along.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones of The Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Good morning.
Thomas Boehlert: Hi, Heather.
Heather Jones: Hi. Going to your portfolio optimization comments, do you think we are going to see anything substantive on that front in 2019?
Gregory Heckman: As you can imagine, there is a lot of work that - not only that the SRC has done a great job, giving us an outside-in look, and now is the leadership team in the company, we're working to activate plans and do further analysis on some additional pieces. It's confidential and sensitive in nature to ensure that we maximize the value for shareholders. And what we will promise is that we will give you updates absolutely as soon as we can.
Heather Jones: Okay. And then my second question, I get what you're saying about the current environment in Brazil and Argentina and all. I'm just trying to get a sense of when you all are looking at the full year, what is figuring into your thoughts on soy crush. So I was just wondering what assumptions are you making with regards to African swine fever that has basically reached seemingly epidemic levels in China. It's now in Vietnam. What assumptions are you all making as far as demand et cetera on that front, for your outlook, full year outlook on soy crush?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. We are like everyone trying to get every bit of public information that is available and trying to assess this. But what we've rolled up is it definitely could affect demand slightly. But demand, between meal demand and what crush has been at it, it's been pretty much in balance. And we think that will continue. And then as we look at the forward margins in the marketplace, we're saying that the market is taking those factors into effect. And that's what we've used for our outlook.
Heather Jones: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: Thank you, and good morning. Would love to get your philosophical view on risk management past, present and future, and I guess what I'm asking is - can you define what you mean by - in other words, do you mean that that the company should be taking more proprietary positions to make money when it thinks it knows something that the market doesn't understand? Or do you mean that you want to have a more hedged operating book to try to take out some of the volatility in results, and even if that means earning less money, but having a less volatile and more predictable stream of earnings, what is the thought process going forward?
Gregory Heckman: I think our thought process is that - it's our job to manage the risk, to help our customers, which are in both ends of the supply chain when there's a distribution business or Food & Ingredient businesses. You don't manage their risks and we have to manage the risks of the inputs and outputs in our business. And as you know that's a lot of difference in timing from when things are produced and when they're consumed. It's a lot of risk in geography from where things are produced and consumed and all the - the transportation, it goes along with that so when I say it has to be a core capability, it's our job to manage that risk that many times is put on us as we're working with our customers. And our job is of course to, to get that risk back into the market places as quickly as possible and locking our margins. I mean, at the end of the day, we want to provide the highest return with the lowest volatility of earnings and that is our ultimate goal, so as we continue to make investments in our network of assets that make us relevant with customers in our systems, in our processes and in our people, it's all about driving the ultimate earnings, the returns and driving it with less volatility.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: And there's a follow up on Food & Ingredients and capital allocation strategy. And would you support further acquisitions like Loders or do you think that the company used to sort of concentrate on the core Agribusiness part of the portfolio. Is there really a place to be so far downstream and you think their stock can get appropriately valued for those types of investments?
Gregory Heckman: Food & Ingredients is one of our core platforms, Loders is a fantastic property that not only on its own, but how it fits in with us and we're already seeing that that is helping us meet many of our goals and the customers that we want to grow with and the ability to innovate around our oils platform. And we're also now starting to really focus on the protein platform, working with outside parties and working on how we innovate and value up that stream as well. So as far as acquisitions it will be - and growth it will be at the right time and the numbers have to make sense and we will be pressure testing and stress testing any returns to ensure that they enhance ultimately shareholder value.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: It sounds like you are satisfied with that Loders investment, is that correct? And then I'll pass it along.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, it's on track, I mean, Tom, if you want to touch on that real quick?
Thomas Boehlert: Yeah, I mean, when we announced the transaction, year ago September, we talked about what the results would be for this year and what our three-year targets were and we are tracking to that. So this will be a transition year for Loders as we ramp up the integration with our B2B business and get synergies from cross-selling and logistics supply chain as well as operational synergies, but we are - it's tracking well to the investment case.
Vincent Stephen Andrews: All right, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from in Ann Duignan of J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead.
Ann Duignan: Yeah, hi, good morning. I do commend you for not trying to give guidance in this year of heightened uncertainty. As I look across your businesses though, in my mind Argentina might be the biggest swing factor, given that it's likely to grow something around 55 million metric tons of beans. And I'm not quite sure whether they're going to crush and export more meal/oil or whether they're going to export beans and what that could do once again to the whole supply side of the equation. So could you just tell us what your thoughts are on Argentina? If you think it is also one of the bigger wildcards going into 2019 and what your outlook is?
Gregory Heckman: I think you've framed it well. We do believe it's one of the larger wildcards and yes they do have a very large crop, so I think everyone expects the industry to crush more year-over-year. I think we look at 2017, which is a pretty painful year for the industry. So our view is everyone staying much more spot, much more nimble as they see what the farmers are going to do and when he's going to commercialize his crops. It looks like with what's going on there from a macro standpoint, if history is any judge, he'll market his corn and wheat and he'll probably hold his beans as a hedged inflation and the FX exposure. So it is a wild card and it's one that we're watching. And I think the key word is nimble, we're not going to try to outsmart that.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I appreciate that. I guess as harvest starts well, we'll get some sense of what's going on there. And my follow up and it's just - I think back to the United States, I mean, the USDA is forecasting U.S. soybeans to be down only I think about 12% for the full marketing year versus they're down almost 40% year-to-date and the lion share of the exports happened before the end of January. Can you talk about what you're hearing out there in the marketplace and what's your expectation or do you think that the USDA has gotten it wrong or do you think that China is going to suddenly turn around to buy significantly more U.S. beans at the expense of fat American beans, I'm kind of confused by the USDA's outlook currently. And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Gregory Heckman: Okay. Thank you. Well to stay with our theme of not trying to predict the future, I don't think I want to touch that one. As you said, it's confusing, the markets trying to assess it and we're again trying to stay very nimble as this develops.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I appreciate that. I'll take it offline. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow: Hi, thank you. Greg, you mentioned that you're going to be evaluating a lot of Bunge's businesses for potential divestitures. Can you give us a sense of how many businesses there are within Bunge, I mean, I see the divisions within Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients, but frankly if you told me there's 20 businesses within those businesses, I wouldn't be surprised. There's a lot of regionality to the business and there's been a lot of acquisitions over the years. So can you just give us a sense of, like, how many different assets are kind of being evaluated separately? And then secondly, is there any effort to think about the business overall geographically as you're thinking about asset sales, can you hive off different geographic regions or does it all have to be part of a global network? Thanks.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, and let me correct. I think what I said is we're evaluating not on the assets, but the businesses. So of course, we're cutting that analysis several different ways from the top down regionally, along value chains, by individual asset within the value chain. And I don't believe if I did, I'll correct myself that it will be exiting several business, I said we may exit some businesses as part of our analysis. So I won't comment on anything specific right now, but we definitely look forward as we make progress to report it and to help you understand our thought process and why we're doing, what we're doing.
Robert Moskow: Maybe I could ask a quick follow up. When you say individual assets within the value chain, is that also a way to think about potential divestitures, like, an asset within the value chain might be subject to a sale?
Gregory Heckman: Yes, we said everything is on the table. Everything is on the table to improve our returns, which the markets have been very clear to us and they are not where we want them to be and we understand what the market is telling us. And that's up with the right network to be really relevant with customers and be able to drive growth at the right returns.
Robert Moskow: All right, thank you.
Gregory Heckman: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thank you, good morning everyone.
Gregory Heckman: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe taking the question on divestitures and just portfolio overview and that is totally different light. Just trying to think about kind of, the spread between the asset values and replacement cost of the physical infrastructure that you have - the level of working capital inventory investment you made in the businesses and what the equity market is telling you, the company is worth. And I'm hoping you could just talk about where you think the bigger disconnects are on that maybe whether it's by region business line, where you think the bigger disconnects are and I guess that in part comes from the earnings generated from those assets relative to what the physical book value is and I'm just trying to hone in on where you see the biggest opportunities for value uplift across the company?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, if I understand your question correctly, I think it's been - it's about us operating this platform, is getting the platform right and operating it with more consistent earnings at higher returns, but also doing a better job of making sure that you understand how we made our money and how we performed versus the opportunity that we had. And that is another - another really important thing is being understood. And we're going to work on both of those, better performance and being better understood on what the power of the platform is and how we're operating versus the environment that we have.
Adam Samuelson: So maybe just to be clear, is it your view that the issues on the earnings performance and the disappointment that's been generated from earnings and the lack of returns on capital is more a function of the operational execution and risk management as opposed to a question on physical asset investment itself, whether that's fixed assets or working capital - it's more of a question of the earnings as opposed to the invested capital.
Thomas Boehlert: Let me jump in here as well to give a perspective. I think it's a combination of those things. There's the risk piece, there's the operations. There's the underlying cost base that we're working on. But this portfolio piece of that is a very important component because we have got capital tied up and things that are not producing returns and are not integral to our platform or our value chain and we can free up that capitals, both working capital and PP&E. And so the combination of freeing up capital in the areas where it's not earning a return for us, it's not important to our business and is diverting attention of management and making our business more complicated. Combined with those other factors that you mentioned provides a - back to the earnings power question, provides some powerful growth to the business.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, and just on this process, I mean, I know you kind of updated as available, but is there any expectation you want to set on, if we didn't hear something by midyear, end of year, like, how should we measure kind of the ability to have a plan in place and when that can be communicated?
Thomas Boehlert: I mean, I think we'll - the next time you'll likely hear from us is when we announce a transaction or the next quarterly call and we're moving through this process as quickly as we can. And prioritizing particular areas of the work and will report back to you when we have progress.
Adam Samuelson: All right, I appreciate the color. I will pass along. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning, guys.
Gregory Heckman: Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow: So a couple questions, one is how much was the effect on risk management in 2018 relative to historical levels?
Thomas Boehlert: Well, we just talked about $125 million in Q4. The…
Kenneth Zaslow: Yeah, but you said it was higher year-over-year in 2018 versus 2017, but yet it was lower than typical. So I kind of try to figure out what the magnitude of the shortfall was in 2018.
Thomas Boehlert: Yeah, so it was higher - the whole activity was better and higher in 2017 than it was in 2018. We were profitable on 2018. We just talked about the $125 million shortfall. And we could have done - so there was that gap plus we could have done better. And so, looking forward, and normalizing for that it's $125 million plus, which was the gap.
Kenneth Zaslow: So, plus $75 million or $200 million more? What…
Thomas Boehlert: I mean, it depends on the year really and how it interacts with the rest of the - or the structural business, but…
Kenneth Zaslow: Well, let me say like, so you're bringing back a risk - you're bringing back a risk manager who hasn't been there for 5 years. Who - prior to the 5 years, Bunge would have some risk management issues, but generally would be once every 4 to 5 quarters, not every quarter, right? So if I go back 5 years and I kind of normalize that, what is the shortfall in 2018 relative to 5, 6 years back? And then on top of that, what was the operational missteps as well with lost volumes and lost profitability? Some sort of magnitude of that would be very helpful. And I'm not - I know everybody is asking about what's the change of risk management. I'm just asking what is the factual side of the difference.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, I understand what you're asking, Ken. But, I guess, what I want you to think about, it's the framework of how we're going to operate going forward, which is continuing to drive all of the profitability possible, by managing the - that it is structural profitability, that the risk we're taking is appropriate to drive our risk adjusted returns, which is the risk of running a big global physical business and trying to manage that in a way to bring our volatility down. So it's a process I would be - it would not be right after a short period here to say we have every answer. But we know philosophically where we're going. And we've seen - we manage risk with this team and a lot of different food processing, commodity processing, animal processing industries. And, boy, we know how to do that.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. I guess, what - okay, I'll drop, but my point is, look, Brian is coming back. He did something 5, 6 years ago, that was pretty stable, created a risk management system that actually worked. I'm assuming, he's going to reapply that. Therefore, there is a structural decline relative to 5 years ago. But there is a misstep relative to last year that you should recoup. So I was just trying to get that systematic in structural earnings change - but okay, it sounds like we will take it offline. And then, the second question is, again, on the portfolio optimization, I get that you don't want to tell us anything going forward. But what is the criteria to which you are using?
Gregory Heckman: Yeah, it's a little bit what I was talking about earlier. We have to be in a leading position in the market, which is really around a - it's really a top-3, which makes us relevant with customers. It has to meet our growth and return standards. And it has to fit in with where we are seeing the macros, the drivers in the marketplace. It's just where the long-term growth is going as well. And if it doesn't fit in there, we have to believe we can get there in a very short defined path and time period.
Kenneth Zaslow: So it's - so just to think about it, it is the market position and seeing if you can get into the market position, not return on capital or any other criteria, it's just the - if you are number one, two or three and if you can get there, is that the best way to…?
Gregory Heckman: No, no, no, I said - no, I said also return on investment and the growth profile.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay.
Gregory Heckman: Yeah. No, no, no, it's got to meet those. But a big part of meeting those is being in a market position, where you're relevant to customers and you've got the network to manage your risk and to serve customers and be in position to grow. And those are the businesses that will get the majority of our resources for growth.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And then, sorry, I asked the other question before. But just how much operational issues impeded your numbers in 2018 and that would likely recoup in 2019? I think you mentioned that you guys had some startup delays and something else with minimizing volumes.
Thomas Boehlert: Yeah, I mean, that would amount to about $50 million of lost opportunity in 2018.
Kenneth Zaslow: Is that a typical year or is that atypical?
Thomas Boehlert: Well, I think it's atypical. We had some startup issues. And a lot of crush facilities are running flat out, given the environment last year.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay, I appreciate that.
Gregory Heckman: It would be atypical, which is why we called it out.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay, great. I appreciate it, guys.
Gregory Heckman: You bet.
Operator: And we have a follow up from Heather Jones of The Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones: Thanks for taking the follow-up. And I just - Greg, I know you haven't been in that role long, and so - but I just - I think people are trying to get a sense of how you view capital allocation in your thinking. And going back to Vincent's question about Loders, I guess, I get what you're saying that it fits strategically. But at the time, it was a nearly 13 multiple acquisition. And I guess - I think that's a bigger question is do you think - not that it fits strategically, but do you think paying that kind of multiple given where Bunge is trading, would you have deemed that a prudent use of capital?
Gregory Heckman: I'm not going to rule on the past. What I'm going to tell you is it is a fantastic platform and the one thing is we are creating a lot of urgency and focus around ensuring that we get all the value out of that platform as soon as possible. And that is an important part of our growth and improving our returns profile.
Heather Jones: Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll: Great. Thanks guys for taking the follow-up. Greg, I had a question on just cost competitiveness and focusing on the Agribusiness. One of your competitors has the biggest cost savings program in that company's history going on. And they are really driving cost out of the business. When you look at Agribusiness right now, do you think Bunge is a low-cost leader or do you think that there is significant work that needs to be done to further reduce cost in that segment?
Gregory Heckman: I just generally believe in these cyclical and seasonal businesses that reducing cost is a never-ending challenge. The marketplace continues to evolve, our customers, our suppliers, our competitors. And you have to build these businesses with a cost profile for the bottom of the cycles. And so, that you are the one that is in the best position at the bottom of the cycle which puts you in a really good place on the average cycle and the top of the cycle. So we have done a great job with the Global Competitiveness Program. The company has developed some muscles and capabilities that we'll be able to continue to lean into. So, it is part of the DNA that is developing and we'll continue to drive that forward.
David Driscoll: And then, I had a follow-up on the risk management issues in the fourth quarter. There's something I just don't understand is, and so the company took a very significant bean position. I think it was historically the largest bean position Bunge has ever had in its Brazilian operations. That started in the second quarter and those inventories carry into Q4. The situation goes wrong and those bean inventories turn out to be a big problem. The question is, from your view, what goes wrong on risk management here? How do you protect the business from a hit like we've taken in the fourth quarter? Was it something when you say, hey, look, they did a good job, the situation goes against them, it is what it is? Or can you really do a better job in risk management, so that we're not facing these kinds of issues in future quarters? It's a big hit in the fourth quarter and I think it needs some explanation.
Gregory Heckman: Let me say that, the first thing without playing Monday morning quarterback, having kind of just arrived on the scene, my history and philosophy has been about risk is that you really have to run these businesses with a focus on that the risk matches the earnings power. And so it's a risk adjusted approach and that's how we want to drive the business going forward.
David Driscoll: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks so much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden: I appreciate it, Andrew. Everyone, please feel free to reach out to me today if you have any further questions. And thank you again for joining the call this morning.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC David Driscoll - Citi Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Bunge Limited's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in a listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note that this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Haden, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thank you, operator, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Thom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark. Bunge delivered a strong quarter which puts us on track for a very good year and growth beyond. Agribusiness results were led by soy crush, which executed margins in the $50 per ton range, and new mark-to-market gains were approximately $155 million. Origination in Brazil picked up with the weakening of the real and the quarter leading to higher than expected earnings in grains. Our team navigated really well through a complicated market environment and is making sure we monetize the physical position in soybeans we built during the second quarter. Crushing results should remain favorable for the balance of the year and into 2019. However, low commodity prices and the stronger Brazilian real, along with the unsettled Brazilian freight situation is adding uncertainty to origination volume. That said, we remain optimistic that we will finish the year in the upper half of the $800 million to $1 billion outlook range previously established. Agribusiness returns are expected to be well above cost of capital led by soy crushing. Our milling results were strong and we're on track to finish the year with a significant improvement over last year. While South American wheat supplies are rebuilding, early Indications are that quality of this year Brazilian wheat crop is poor, which will lead to increased imports and sets us up for another good year in 2019. Milling returns will also be well above cost of capital. Since the beginning of the year, our retail packaged oil business in Brazil and refining operations in the U.S. have struggled due to an oversupply of oil resulting from the favorable crushing environment. This trend is now reversing as oil supplies are tightening, giving us increased confidence in a strong finish to the year. We are very pleased with the integration and underlying performance of Bunge Loders Croklaan. As discussed in our first quarter earnings, upon closing the transaction, we increased the value of IP and customer relationships, which cost a total depreciation and amortization to increase to approximately $70 million per year. And during the third quarter, palm oil prices decreased leading to an approximate $10 million negative impact from the re-evaluation of raw material supply contracts, which will largely reverse as sales are executed. The combination of these two factors is why Loders Croklaan business is not providing a more immediate contribution to earnings. Going forward, however, we expect a strong fourth quarter from this business and a big step-up in contribution next year as we realize synergies from the integration. We now have one face to our customers, which is helping us win new business, and synergies are flowing as expected. The three major market channels are showing value growth above 10% year-over-year, and the new industrial facilities in Ghana and China are nearing completion. We're convinced that the complete Edible Oils platform we have created together will drive significant earnings growth over the next years. Returns in Edible Oils this year are expected to be below cost of capital due to the addition of Loders Croklaan. However, we expect to be above cost of capital in 2019 as we realize earnings growth and synergies. In Sugar & Bioenergy, we completed the sale of our international sugar trading and distribution business. Results in sugar milling are being negatively affected by a perfect storm in Brazil, of drought followed by excess rains, which has reduced crush and sucrose content in the cane. As a result of lower production and higher unit costs, we are, therefore reducing our milling forecast to slightly below breakeven. Yet, cash flow is still expected to be positive for the year. We continue to make operational improvements to the business, while also maintaining the high quality of our cane. The business is in a much better position to manage tough market conditions than it was just a few years ago, it is a highly attractive asset when looking beyond the current business cycle. As Thom will discuss in greater detail, we are very happy with the progress made on our cost and restructuring efforts. We now expect that $135 million of savings will accumulate this year, which is in addition to the $40 million of savings we captured last year. Further, we expect to achieve our targeted $1.1 billion of baseline SG&A in 2019, a year ahead of schedule. We also continue to improve efficiency of our industrial operations with $65 million delivered so far this year towards our full year target of $80 million, and there's more to come. This is a result of the commitment and hard work of all our colleagues to make Bunge even better and more competitive; a quest that will continue beyond achieving our initial goal. With that, I will now turn it over to Thom for more detail on the financials and our outlook.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Soren, and good morning, everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide 4. Reported third quarter earnings per share from continuing operations were $2.39 compared to earnings per share of $0.59 in the third quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share were $2.52 in the third quarter versus $0.75 in the prior year. Pre-tax notable charges totaled $38 million in the quarter, primarily related to the Global Competitiveness Program, the early extinguishment of debt, and the disposition of an equity investment. Pre-tax results also included the positive impact of approximately $155 million of new mark-to-market gains on our forward soy crush commitments, reflecting lower soy crush margins in some regions going forward. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $535 million versus $175 million in the prior quarter. On an adjusted basis, segment EBIT was $573 million. Excluding the new mark-to-market impact on soy crush commitments, adjusted EBIT would have been $418 million. Agribusiness adjusted results increased significantly in the third quarter with adjusted EBIT of $485 million compared to $127 million in the third quarter of 2017, with improvements both in Oilseeds and Grains. In Oilseeds, soy crush margins improved in all regions compared to last year, driven by the combination of strong soymeal demand, lower crush rates in Argentina, due to the drought, lower U.S. soybean prices as Chinese tariffs came into effect and the deliberate actions we took in the second quarter to build soybean inventory in Brazil to secure attractive margins for our Brazilian and Chinese crushing operations. Strong soy crush margins moderated during the quarter in some regions, resulting in positive new mark-to-market of approximately $155 million at the end of the third quarter related to crush capacity commitments beyond the third quarter. This amount will reverse in future periods negatively impacting results. We began the third quarter with negative mark-to-market of $185 million, approximately $120 million of which reversed and benefited the third quarter, leaving approximately $65 million to reverse and benefit future periods. So between the new mark-to-market and the remainder of the mark-to-market carried in from the second quarter, a net positive $90 million mark-to-market is being carried out of the third quarter. Approximately $50 million of this is expected to reverse in the fourth quarter, negatively affecting earnings. This is embedded in our outlook. In Grains, higher results in the quarter were driven by improved origination results in Brazil, which benefited from increased farmer commercialization as local soybean prices rose from the combination of currency devaluation and strong export demand. Origination results in North America were higher than last year, but did not materially contribute to the overall results, and results in ocean freight were higher than last year. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $62 million compared to $64 million in the third quarter of 2017. Edible Oils adjusted results of $32 million were $6 million lower than last year. This is an increase compared to the last quarter's adjusted result of $19 million, but below our expectations. Retail package oil margins in Brazil have been under pressure as this year's strong soy crush environment has produced abundant supplies. As crush margins have now dropped in Brazil due to tightening bean supplies, crushing operations are slowing. This is reducing the supply of soybean oil and packaged oil margins are improving as a result, which we expect to continue into next year. The oversupply of oil in North America, which has also been pressuring refined oil margins is also starting to show improvement. Edible Oil results were also negatively impacted by a $10 million item relating to the Loders raw material supply contract revaluation that Soren mentioned, which will largely reverse in future quarters as sales contracts are executed. Milling adjusted results of $30 million increased by $4 million as compared to the third quarter of last year. Brazil is the biggest driver of the improvement, where better margins reflected a smaller domestic wheat crop and volumes increased on share gains. In North America, milling results in both the U.S. and Mexico were similar to last year. Sugar & Bioenergy, quarterly adjusted EBIT was $3 million compared to $8 million in the prior quarter. Lower earnings in the quarter were primarily driven by our sugarcane milling operation, which was significantly impacted along with the rest of the industry in Brazil by drought conditions which persisted through August followed by heavy rains toward the end of the quarter. This negatively impacted the volume of cane harvested and crushed and increased unit costs. In the third quarter, we crushed 7.4 million tons of sugarcane, which was 1 million tons less than last year. Sugar trading & distribution incurred a $5 million loss related to exiting the international business, which was completed during the quarter. Fertilizer quarterly adjusted EBIT was $23 million compared to $5 million in the prior year. Higher results in the quarter were driven by our Argentine operation, which benefited from higher prices and volumes as well as lower costs related to prior restructuring actions. Additionally third quarter results included a $7 million recovery of foreign exchange losses from the second quarter; an additional $6 million recovery is expected in the fourth quarter. Our tax expense for the nine-month period was $106 million which included a $15 million tax benefit related to a favorable resolution of an uncertain tax position in North America. Let's turn to slide 5. Our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations were approximately $1.1 billion, which was higher than at the end of 2017 primarily due to higher earnings. Based on our fourth quarter outlook, we expect this metric to improve further for the full year. Let's turn to slide 6 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating as well as access to committed liquidity, sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are rated BBB by all three rating agencies, and we had $4.1 billion of undrawn available committed credit and $267 million of cash at the end of the third quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We have continued to maintain strict discipline in CapEx spending, investing $318 million in CapEx in the nine-month period as compared to $485 million in the prior period. We've invested $968 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of Loders Croklaan and we paid $225 million in dividends to our shareholders. Debt has increased since the beginning of the year as a result of an increase in working capital, primarily inventory and acquisitions, primarily Loders. We expect the combination of a seasonal reduction in inventories and a strong finish to the year will result in a trailing 12-month adjusted debt-to-EBITDA ratio in the range of 3 times by the end of the year. Let's turn to slide 7 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital was 5.7% overall and 6.8% for our core Agri and Foods businesses. We expect the combined Agri and Foods business to earn a return exceeding our cost of capital for the full year. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost of capital for those segments. Let's turn to slide 8 and the Competitiveness Program. We expect to significantly exceed the original 2018 target of the program, which is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure to drive efficiency, enhancing our ability to scale the company, and realizing significant additional value from our global platform. When we announced the program a year ago, our goal was to achieve a reduction in costs of $250 million in 2020 as compared to our 2017 addressable baseline of $1.35 billion. Initially, we expected cumulative savings of $100 million this year and $180 million in 2019. Based on progress to date, we're increasing our 2018 target by an additional $25 million, bringing the total cumulative savings for the year to $175 million. The improvement comes from our ability to meet or stretch indirect spend targets, as well as maintain momentum in organizational efficiency. The cost reduction is roughly split between indirect spend and employee costs. Compared to the nine-month period in 2017, addressable SG&A was $115 million lower on an apples-to-apples basis. In addition, we've increased the 2019 cumulative target by $70 million to $250 million, achieving our original goal one year early. With this program becoming embedded in the company, we expect to achieve additional savings beyond these levels as we look beyond 2019. Let's turn to the 2018 outlook on page 9. In Agribusiness we expect our full year EBIT results to be in the upper half of the $800 million to $1 billion range with fourth quarter results driven by our Northern Hemisphere operations. In Food & Ingredients, we're reducing our full year EBIT outlook to $250 million to $270 million, reflecting a weaker than expected third quarter and the slower than originally anticipated margin recovery in Brazil Edible Oils. Milling should continue to benefit from higher margins in Brazil due to a smaller local wheat crop. Turning to slide 10, in Sugar & Bioenergy, we're adjusting our full year EBIT outlook range from breakeven to a loss of between $20 million and $40 million. This is the result of an expected reduction in cane crush volumes of over a million tons, as compared to our last estimate reflecting the effect of the drought in Brazil. We now expect our milling operations to be around breakeven for the full year. The range also incorporates a year-to-date loss of approximately $25 million in trading & distribution. We expect full-year fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $35 million, an increase from our previous target of $25 million driven by higher volume and better – and a better pricing environment, and we now expect CapEx to total approximately $600 million, a $50 million reduction from our previous estimate of $650 million reflecting discipline in capital allocation. We expect net interest expense to be in the range of $310 million to $315 million, an increase from our earlier range of $270 million to $285 million due to higher levels of inventory and higher interest rates. And we expect our full year effective tax rate to be at the upper end of the 18% to 22% range based on the mix of earnings. I'll now turn the call back over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We are on track for a very good year, and 2019 looks promising with good fundamentals in soy and soft seed crush, strong demand in growth and trade, a big step up from Bunge Loders Croklaan, as well as solid performance in milling. Over the last year, we have exited several small loss-making businesses; this will improve profitability and allow us to focus on our core activities that includes delivering the remaining parts of the Global Competitiveness Program and looking for more ways to improve our competitive position. Global trade will remain highly influenced by politics, but we're in a good position to navigate a dynamic environment. Bunge is the leader in crush and B2B oils, a regional Americas leader in milling and a major player in global agricultural trade and distribution. We have invested behind our strategy in crush, oils and milling and we have a well-balanced footprint to source global trade. Our industry has become more competitive, which means we have to find new sources of efficiency and growth. We have embraced that challenge, and feel we are well on our way with a Global Competitiveness Program as well as building new capabilities around our crush, oils, milling and distribution businesses, which will provide earnings growth into the future. We've always been open to ways to unlock value for our shareholders and customers, and we are therefore pleased to welcome three new directors to the Bunge Board as announced this morning. Each of them has extensive experience relevant to our business which can help us navigate successfully through the changing environment and ensure we maintain our leadership position. Also as announced, a special committee, the board has been formed which will review current programs and approaches, strategic alternatives and help us make the most of this strong platform we built over the years. As we have celebrated our 200th anniversary this year, it's been wonderful to see and feel the commitment and pride of our global colleagues. Their support of the important changes we are making and their excitement of what lies ahead is impressive and it is much appreciated. With that, we will turn the call over to the operator and to your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you, and good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Vince.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Maybe you could just help us on the Agribusiness piece, just sort of what's changed in the guidance. Gotten a little confusion over how much you've increased it by or if it's been decreased, so if you could clarify that in Agribusiness. And just sort of what you're seeing in the crush margins in different parts of your business, what's getting better, what's getting worse? Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Well, essentially the range in Agribusiness is unchanged. We're talking about the upper half of the $800 million to $1 billion range. And it should be supported by a strong fourth quarter where we have most of our margins locked in. The one thing that is a little bit uncertain is the extent to which grain origination will be a contributor in the fourth quarter. We have very little dialed in for that at this moment, reflecting the fact that in the U.S., farmers are very reluctant sellers of both soybeans and corn. And in Brazil with a stronger real and the lower futures prices, very little new crop origination is actually being transacted as we speak. So, relatively modest expectations for grain origination going forward, that could be an upside. A good quarter in crush where we have most of the margins locked up, and that's really – that's really it. So we're not really changing our guidance to any extent here. It's going to be a great year in Agribusiness. It was obviously a very good quarter and we think we can – we can continue that into next year as well.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. That's helpful. If I could ask on the interest expense, I guess a couple things about it. One, I was just sort of surprised that it could come up so much in such a short period of time versus your prior expectations, so just help us understand what changed? And then also should we be thinking about this interest expense as sort of associated with Agribusiness and that is it – is it a function of the soy inventory you're holding as part of the hedge program or is it just – or is it something else?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning. Yeah. The change in interest is primarily driven by inventories, and particularly the agri part of inventories. There's also a small piece which relates to higher interest rates in a number of jurisdictions where we fund our balance sheet locally. But the primary one is inventories. Inventories were higher than we had anticipated at the end of the quarter and during the quarter. Soren mentioned looking forward, origination is a reasonable outlook but during the third quarter there were opportunities to build inventories with a devaluation in Brazil, which caused farmers selling particularly new crop corn. And in the Northern Hemisphere, we did build inventories particularly in soft seeds as we get ready to – for our campaign crushing soft seeds in Europe as well as some inventory build in North America given the economics of carries and potential export. So, it is a – I'd say it's a temporary situation. We expect inventory to come down by $1 billion or more by the end of the year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: And as we head into next year, we would expect our working capital levels to be lower on average than they have been this year. It's just been – with the dynamics in the market, there have been opportunities to carry inventory this year. So, I would say we'll certainly be below $300 million going forward on interest expense and we'll look to start bringing that down by the end of this year and into next year.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think just to follow-up on that, the fact that our footprint is such that we have significant crush operations in Brazil and in China led to this significant and somewhat unusual build-up of big soybean inventories in Brazil at the end of this second quarter. That was one of the big drivers of the Q2, and that is, I will say, unlikely to repeat itself. It's turned out to be the right thing, but as Thom said, it is not structural.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. That was very helpful.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan. Please go ahead with your question.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Actually Soren, just building on that comment exactly. If the tariffs remain in place, why wouldn't we just see a repeat of this year again in 2019? If you could just walk us through a scenario where the tariffs remain in place through the spring of next year and the impact that would have on your business in 2019.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I mean, it is true that if there is no normalization of trade relations, chances are that we would – we would probably build up bean inventory again in Brazil. But the extent to which we would be able to do it is totally dependent upon the combination of futures, prices, basis and foreign exchange when we get there. This year, we had an opportunity to get ahead of this in a significant way and we accumulated during the second quarter a lot more grain because the farmers were willing sellers than we – than we normally would have been able to. So it all depends on how it flows. But it is true that if there is no resolution, you know we will be in a situation where a lot more of our business will be directed out of South America, and we will have to find ways in which we can protect our crush. At the moment, crush margins for new crop in Brazil are still reasonable. So we would initially accumulate beans for crush. But as we've also said with a stronger real that we have at the moment, there is very little new selling going on. So as a matter of tendency you are right, but I don't expect it'll be anywhere near the level of inventory that we – we carry this year. And I would say that the way prices are looking, and the outlook for prices given the significant build-up of inventory that we're expecting in – in the Northern Hemisphere, the prices at which we would be accumulating inventory would be significantly below this past year's by probably I don't know 10%, 15% maybe 20%. So the combination of that I think should still get us in the position where the amount of inventory working capital that we would use next year, even if a trade resolution is not found will be lower than it has been.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, that's a fair point Soren that prices are much lower. And then as a follow on to that, could you just talk about the fundamentals in China, given all the noise we've heard over there about lowering protein mix and Asian flu and all et cetera, et cetera? Like what are your expectations for the demand in China – for crush margins in China? Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Crush margins are still reasonable above cost at least based on Brazilian soybeans. Demand I think is in a state of transition, so to speak. I think if you look at next year or this coming crop year, we would expect soybean meal demand in China to set back a bit. How much is impossible to say at this point. The Chinese authorities have issued a new low or minimum requirement for soybean meal inclusion, but that doesn't mean you can't use more. So, at the end of the day, it will probably still be prices that dictate how feed formulation is made, and we expect demand to maintain itself. But somehow, we certainly expect that the growth we've seen in the last couple of years and underlying soybean meal demand and off-take in China will be parsed for at least a season, and then we'll see beyond that. So, our expectation of imports into China would actually be a small reduction from last year. And based on that it appears that they can – they can wiggle through into the new crop supplies in Brazil and with a large crop in both Argentina and Brazil, can probably supply themselves fully without having to return to the U.S. in case there is no resolution to the trade situation.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And a quick follow-up on that Soren, because all that leads to then what gets planted in the U.S. next spring, could you just quickly give us your thoughts on that and I'll leave it there? Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think it's a very wide range at the moment, but it's obviously a lot less soybeans and more corn, maybe a small loss of total base between the two. But given current prices, you would expect a fairly significant shift out of corn into beans. We are building significant soybean inventories in the U.S. this crop year that seems almost unavoidable even if a trade resolution was had soon, we would still have a significant build-up in soybean ending stocks. So prices would suggest a significant shift to corn, whether that's 5 million or 10 million acres, I don't know. But it's probably a shift of some kind of historic magnitude that we'll be seeing when we get there. But there's a long time until March.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll get back in line in the interest of time. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay..
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I guess I wanted to start a little bit high level Soren, thinking about the outlook for crush as we move into 2019, maybe some color by geography. And we had a very robust kind of peak as you got into the spring and summer this year and as we think about lapping that, is it possible for the Oilseeds line to grow profit wise year-on-year in 2019 given the state of the world today, and if so, what would be the drivers?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, we do expect a good crushing environment also next year but the composition will probably be a little bit different and the timing will be also, in the case of soy, we still have very, very, very good margins by historical standards at least through the first quarter and probably two quarters of next year in the case of U.S. and Europe, it is possible to secure some of that. And we're doing that to the extent that we can and the market gives us liquidity. Then the second half of the year is a question mark with assuming a normalization of crops in South America. But overall, we expect a favorable soy crushing environment. U.S. should remain strong, strong domestic off-take of soybean meal; the animals are there, so demand should be solid. The second half of the year is where the question mark comes. But we have pretty good visibility until the middle of next year in soy. Overall, I'd say, we should expect probably a bit of a setback in gross margins in soy across all the geographies. But we do expect that we will have an opposite phenomenon in soft seeds. We've got very good crushing margins in the sun seeds at the moment in pretty much all of Europe. And in the Black Sea, demand for soft oils and biodiesel in Europe is on the up, and we expect that the industry will have to run at fairly high rates of utilization to supply oil for that. So we have a positive view on soft seed crushing margins next year that should offset any decline in soy. So on balance, I think we look at next year as being another good year in oil seeds and in crushing. And we'll be able to secure some of that and we're doing what we can to lock up margins into the first half of next year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And that's helpful color. And then a question, maybe it's for Thom, just as we think about where leverage will shake out by the end of the fourth quarter if you get the inventory reduction as you expect and the trailing 12-month EBITDA improves based on your guidance. Can you help us think about kind of the appetite for repurchases and buybacks as we move into next year, and just what would be the kind of obstacles to doing that in a bigger size given where the stock price is?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Sure. We do expect debt to come down by the end of the year, just following the inventory reductions. Our debt is roughly equal to our working capital, and so it moves around consistent with that. Looking forward, we, I think our number one priority is to ensure that we have a strong BBB credit rating. And so we will certainly work through the end of the year and make sure that we secure that headed – headed into next year with – supported by both the results from this year and a strong outlook going into next year. And then in terms of capital, we've been – we've been very disciplined in terms of M&A, in terms of CapEx, and obviously the Competitiveness Program, its generating cash flow and I look at that as- as capital as well to some extent. So we've been paring back our capital investment other than the Loders acquisition obviously that we funded in the first quarter to put ourselves in a position where we can consider the best opportunities to deploy capital once we've secured our rating. So heading into next year, I think our – I think our M&A discipline will remain in place. You know we will only – we only look at things that are very, very strategic for us and we do have a bias and a priority to begin our buyback program again. And so we would look to consider doing that as soon as we get through the end of the year and are able to kind of solidify our credit ratings. But it is at the top of our list from a capital allocation perspective.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning, and thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Heather.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: I have a quick clarification on – first on 2018. So you mentioned that your Agribusiness estimate – guidance hadn't changed but if we take the different changes in F&I and Sugar and Fertilizer, and just using the midpoint of those changes, it implies that Agribusiness is down, call it, $35 million to $45 million as far as your guidance. And you mentioned the uncertainty related to Q4 in Grains, but it seems like Q3 came in meaningfully better than expected. So, is – am I, one, doing my math wrong as far as the implications for your full year Agribusiness guide and if I'm not wrong, what drove that?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I would say the range is pretty wide at this point for Q4 in Agribusiness. And if you take the midpoint on the ranges, you end up more or less what you said. I think overall, we don't really feel that Agribusiness is significantly different than it was. If anything maybe a slight – a slight reduction in how soy will come in for the year simply because we crushed a little bit less in the third quarter, we crushed about 500,000 tons less than we expected for good commercial reasons, whether we can catch up on that in the fourth quarter remains to be seen. So maybe a slight off in soy, but as we also said, the amount of grain profit we have dialed in for the fourth quarter is very modest and it can change very, very quickly. At this point, October has been – October has been slim pickings, so to speak, in North America as well as Brazil but in Brazil this can change literally overnight. So I hesitate to say that we are going down, although the ranges might suggest it. I would rather say that the range is – is wide and that it can quickly turn positive if we have a – if we have a grain quarter in the fourth quarter as we had it in Q3, we will come out better for sure. And you know most of the activity in the third quarter, and Grain came within a two week period. So it can just change very quickly. And so hesitant to perhaps nail a number rather paint a fairly wide range, but we do know and have good visibility on of course is our crushing operations as we – as we described it. And so Oilseeds will be very solid for the year, above $700 million, then the question really is grain. So I know it doesn't answer your question perfectly, but that's – that's how we look at it. It's going to be a great year, it's going to be a good strong quarter in Agribusiness, just how good really is a function of the pace of grain origination. And I think at this point, it's really more about Brazil than it is about North America. Farmers in North America seem to be very stubborn holders of their record crop. And in Brazil, the farmer is fairly undersold relative to historicals. So you know any – any break in the currency or any movement up in futures, I think will be met with – with selling. So I mean that's really – that's where we are.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And a clarification on your comment on China as soybean meal demand, did you – were you implying or saying that there is going to be a slowdown in their soybean demand growth or you actually expect their soybean meal demand to be down in 2019 versus 2018?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think, soybean imports are likely to be down in the coming crop cycle. Whether or not soybean meal demand is down, I think it's too early to tell. I don't think we expect it to grow much. They have reserve stocks they can release; they will drawdown inventories for sure. So I think, we are pretty confident that the soybean import number will be lower. Whether that translates into an absolute reduction in soybean meal usage, I think it's too early to tell. But I – but you can tell from all the various sources of import whether it is a new regulation, a minimum inclusion of soybean meal to – there's chatter in the industry that there is a – there is an overall effort in trying to reduce the dependency on soybean meal, although of course, China will still remain a significant importer of protein, is 90 million tons. So, you can't go away with it in any way it's really under margin. But I think it wouldn't surprise me if implied soybean meal use this coming year in China, if the trade war or the trade conflict isn't resolved will be flat to down. It wouldn't surprise me. I'm pretty sure about soybean imports, meal stay tuned.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: And when I'm thinking – and when we're thinking about soy crush for 2019, do you expect the meal oil contribution to stay roughly equal to in 2018, or could we see the contribution for the meal side come down a little bit but oil go up because of higher mandates around the world including in Brazil? How are you guys thinking about that?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. As a matter of tendency, I think you're right. Once we get let's say through the first quarter, I mean we still expect that between now and the end of the first quarter there will be – there will be quite some tightness developing in soybean meal. It's coming a little later than we had anticipated it, but there still needs to be some rationing before we enter the South American new crop supplies in style. Looking beyond that, so maybe let's say the second half of 2019, the tendency is probably for stronger relative oil demand which is supportive of soft seed crush, driven by fairly sizable increases in mandates both in Southeast Asia and palm. In Brazil, there was another – there was an announcement out I think yesterday or the day before of a fairly sizable increase in inclusion in biodiesel through 2023 step up. So more of the same that we've seen, I think even in the U.S. and certainly in Europe. So the tendency would be second half of the year more towards oil than to protein.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: All right.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Thank you, and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hey, David.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Just to make sure, guys, in fourth quarter it's a $50 million reversal in the mark-to-market gains that we have, like there's a lot of different pieces of this, but it all netted to $50 million and that comes out in Q4, is that right?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. That's right. It will be a negative impact on Q4.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Okay. And maybe, Soren, from my point of view, I'm just kind of doing the same math Heather was doing, and I know we're all trying to be so precise here and this Agribusiness business segment is incredibly volatile, but it seemed like that was almost what you're trying to call out, when I read the EBIT at $1.2 billion in today's press release, and last press release it was $1.3 billion, $35 million on interest expense. I mean, pretty simple math, $135 million negative change to the guidance at the EBT level. So it looks like there is something in there from Agribusiness. But I think what you're trying to tell us qualitatively is, be careful getting too specific on the numbers because Agribusiness can move around a lot, and then you guys are trying to call out this $50 million reversal of the gain. Would you agree with my summation?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, I think what I'm trying to say is that even though we're through the first quarter of – first month through the last quarter things can change very quickly, particularly in grain origination which is where we have, we have the upside in my opinion. Crush both in soft seeds and in soy is more or less locked up for the year. We have good visibility to that, and it can change very quickly. Dynamics in our markets as you know are significant. And so you could certainly paint the range as being higher than what I suggested. I'm just saying don't try to be too specific, this early, things can change very quickly. We've got very little, very little included from grain origination in the guidance that we've given. So that's the upside really.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Okay. And then on the – on China-U.S. trade, you answered a bit about this, but I'm still slightly confused.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: If we get a resolution, and let's say it's going to affect the second half of 2019, just to pick something out there, I don't – obviously it's a little arbitrary what I just said, but bottom line is a resolution of U.S.-China trade, is this positive for Bunge or is this a negative for Bunge?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I would – I think it is neutral. I wouldn't call it either way because it depends so much on exactly when it happens and under what circumstances it happens. You know, for example, has the Brazilian farmer sold a lot of beans before it happens or has the Chinese crusher bought a lot of beans before the Brazilian farmer sells and then it happens. It is – there are so many combinations of how this could turn out that it's impossible to put a – put an absolute direction on it. I think what I – what I feel very comfortable saying is that we are in a damn good place – place to – to react to and to profit from either event. We have a very strong, as you know, very strong position in Brazil that played out well for us this year. We have a very strong position in crush in North America and Europe that has also played out. I think in either situation, we will be able to navigate, we will be able to navigate well, but I hesitate to call it positive or negative this far in advance. You know I think we played it well this year, that came through in the third quarter, believe it will come through in the fourth quarter as well. But exactly how this plays out in 2019, I don't want to try and handicap it for – from an earnings perspective. 2019 should be a good year under – under any – any of these scenarios.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: And then, Soren, just one – one kind of comment pushback on my part. You gave like maybe a 2019 comment; maybe I'm even thinking longer term than that. You know back in 2014 you spent a lot of time at that Analyst Day talking about the supply curves and soy crush and capacity, oilseed crush capacity and the demand side...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: ...a deal with China would seemingly increase the demand backed again on a – on a trajectory of growth, and then this thing would kind of come to me back to that slide you put up back in 2014 about where those – the oilseed crush capacity and the crush demand. For me, longer term a deal U.S.-China is a positive. You're not saying that, so I'm curious, if you don't agree that that would be a positive to global oilseed crushing and utilization rates?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: What I do agree on is that a trade resolution is positive for the industry. It is not healthy to have the type of environment we have now. You can see how it is skewing inventory build in certain regions and its putting pressure on prices and creating abnormal basis levels. It is sending strange signals to farmers to get out of seeds into corn. So we believe that for global growth and trade and underlying protein demand, a resolution is a good thing for everybody. And so, that's what we would like to see. Long, long-term that would be better for us than the current scenario, which I look at as being relatively short-term. I don't think this is a permanent situation, as long as it is; we'll have to navigate through it smartly as we have been. But in the long run, a resolution is good for the industry and it's good for Bunge. We know that the underlying demand for soybean meal outside of China continues to grow. It will also grow in China for sure, but let's look at the origins, U.S. and Argentina, Brazil also in Europe. Underlying soybean meal demand continues to grow at the rates that we have – that we have predicted, between 5 million and 6 million tons a year. And there is less new capacity coming on stream than that on a yearly basis. So our – call it thesis or investment criteria for soy crush are very much intact. I mean repeated it (50:52) also in 2016. That as we – as we get into the next couple of years, the total amount of origin crush capacity will start getting to that 85%, 90% level and that means that while crush margins might set back a little bit from this past year, they should still remain at levels where you know we eventually encourage expansion and you know that's probably sometime you know a year or two out in the U.S. we've already seen a couple of brownfields being announced but two or three years out, Brazil and Argentina should also be in a position where expansions should take place. And so those fundamentals are very much intact. And I think trade conflicts and shifts in trade flows in the interim are distorting, but it doesn't change the long-term outlook. We are very confident of that, and again we hope that there will be a resolution sooner rather than later to this and I suspect there will be. The imbalances are getting too big and I think it will become even more evident as we get towards the end of the year and into next year, just what this means for U.S. – for U.S. soybean stocks. It's a massive build-up. So I hope that there will be – reason will prevail and that we will find a way to get back to normal terms, which is better for the industry overall and for us, but the underlying fundamentals in crush are still very much there.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: If it's okay, I'd like to speak one last one in on the – you threw in a comment, to be honest with you, at the very end of your script about a strategic, some strategic actions and of course, there's the new board directors but it was too brief for me. Is the company for sale or are you just looking to sell certain assets? This seems really important, Soren, could you just elaborate a little bit?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, what's been announced is a strategic review committee of the board, which will consist of three existing board members, and the three new ones, which were announced this morning. The combination of those six people is a powerful combination of talent and experience. I mean, we – as I mentioned in my script, we welcome those three new board members. They all have fantastic insight in agribusiness and commodities in general. And combined with our existing board and the three that are now going on that committee, they will have a fresh look at everything we're doing from our ongoing programs to anything else. I don't want to handicap it. I know that there is no preconceived conclusion to this. There is a sense that we need to take a step back and look at everything we've done. I'm absolutely convinced we've done many things very right. Is it possible that we'll come up with some new ideas? For sure. It will be arrogant to assume that we thought of everything, and that's what this is about. But it's not about one specific action or direction and I don't really want to get ahead of the committee more than – more than that, but that's – that's where we're at.
David Driscoll - Citi Research: Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead with your question.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thanks. Soren, I guess mine is a follow up to David's question about the strategic review. Do these three new members come with any preconceived notions of their own as to what Bunge needs to do to create shareholder value? And maybe you can't really comment on that directly, but you've added them to the board, they were considered by many of us to be activist in nature. Can you talk a little bit about whether your discussions with them have been highly constructive leading up to this decision or not? And then secondly, how long will this review take, when do you expect to have a conclusion from it? Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, that's a lot of questions. You know in terms of their individual perspectives, you have to ask them. From my perspective, there is no preconceived conclusion or idea. They believe, as we do, that they can add a lot to the deliberation of the board and to myself, and they are coming on top of some pretty significant port renewal that we've had going on for a while. Mark and Vinita have joined this year, also two people with deep industry experience in agribusiness and in food respectively. So, we think we're putting together a board here that really – that really gets the industry and with a good dynamic should be able to help us eventually explore areas that we haven't so far or accelerate what we're already doing. So beyond that, I don't really want to get ahead of it. There's also no deadline for a particular report out, this is going to be ongoing, I don't think it's unusual that a board decides to have a particular group of it focus on performance, strategic alternatives as I mentioned especially given the dynamic environment that we've been living through the last two or three years. It's coming on the back of a very good year, and outlook for more. But we all feel that we can do better and we know that shareholder expectations are higher than what we're delivering this year even, although it is a good year by historical standards. So we are all anxious to get in a better place. And we look forward to this cooperation. And I look at it as a very positive thing.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Good. Can I ask a follow-up? Heading into next year, I guess people have been asking how to shape it. You've made some cautious comments about the gain part of the portfolio. Also in crush margins, I mean, most of us saw these crush margins in 2018 and now they are starting to fall again. I mean, can we – can we assume that crush margins can be somewhat similar in 2018 or should we follow these – the direction of the spot margins and assume that you'll have you know still a good year, but maybe not as great as it was in 2018?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think in soy crush, you are – you're absolutely right. It's difficult to imagine that we will have the same level of peak margins as we had – as we had this year and on average we are expecting them to be slightly lower between all the different geographies in which we operate. But I also think that we have some upside in our soft seed crush related to the strong demand for oil that I think we'll feel particularly in the second half of 2019. So overall, this should be a very good Oilseed year again next year. Some of the margins in soy are hedgeable and we're doing what we can to secure those. Some of them are not. But you know for a good part of our footprint, we – we can – we can secure some of this upfront. So, it's going to be a good year in crush next year, but a different mix – different mix between soy and soft seeds, but overall a good year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And then – and then, moving into Edible Oils, I guess the thesis here is that the excess supplies in the market, particularly in Brazil are going to work through and...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: ...that will help your pricing for Edible Oils. And then for Loders...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Typically....
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: ...yeah. Go ahead.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No. No. You go ahead. Sorry I cut you off.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Oh. I get to go. Okay. For Loders, you have some supply contracts that are working through and those – when those expire, you'll have better costs into 2019 for Loders?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. So, the last one first, is very – is kind of straightforward. We mark-to-market our purchases of palm. Basically our inventory and our pipeline gets mark-to-market and prices have come down over the last 60 to 90 days but we don't mark-to-market the sales contracts that we have for finished product. So it means, as we process this palm oil, it will be at higher margins than were initially calculated. So I hope that's clear. So we mark-to-market one side but not the other. That's the accounting convention for that.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Like...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: And on the...
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Like...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Go ahead. All right. I'll go ahead. I mean, it does beg the question though, I mean, does Loders just operate with this mismatch just going forward...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: ...between cost and price and how volatile it can be.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, that's – well, Thom you can talk to the accounting standards conventions on this but that's how they operate and have operated. Thom?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: That's right. That's how they operate and have operated. We are exploring other potential ways to handle it going forward. But for the moment, we'll continue to have that little mismatch.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, there's been a fairly significant move in palm oil prices over the last quarter. So this is probably as big as it gets I would think. And of course, it can quickly go the other way too. And as we have – as we've been I think fairly transparent about in mark-to-market on our soy crush, this is a similar type of thing that we just have to call out whenever it happens. And it is the reason why Loders in the third quarter didn't really contribute what we had expected. But it's completely understandable and it will flow into the P&Ls now going forward. But it's a mismatch in timing, so to speak, on how you mark the different pieces of the business. And on the first question, you asked about the tightening oil supply in South America. Yeah, I mean, there's typically a very strong correlation between retail long (1:00:40) margins under a tight oil scenario and one where you have access. As we've been through a fairly sort of loose oil stock situation most of the year really starting out this year and it is now beginning to change and judging by historicals that will carry through probably into the first quarter. The first quarter of 2017 for example was very strong for us in Brazil because we had tight oil supplies. And so it is only when the Brazilian crush industry gets up to speed with new crop supplies of beans that this reverts. But I think we feel that this will be – it is building now and it will last until at least February-March.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Thanks for all the questions.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Sure.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to Bunge Limited's Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, for opening remarks and instructions, I'd like to turn the call over to Mark Haden, Bunge's Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Thom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark, and I'm turning to slide 3. Bunge remains on course for a very good year despite changes in trade policy and the significant uncertainty in both commodity and financial markets that we saw during the second quarter. While Agribusiness came in somewhat below our expectations when considering the $125 million of new negative mark-to-market in soy crush and the temporary $24 million foreign currency impact in Grains, we've been active in securing excellent margins for the balance of the year. With only small amounts of soy crush capacity left open, we have a high degree of confidence in our full year guidance, supported by our forecast for a very strong second half. As reflected in the increase of working capital during the quarter, we have deliberately increased inventory of Brazilian soybeans, allowing us to secure physical crush margins in both Brazil and China for the next quarters. During the quarter, as markets reacted to the evolving trade talks, we concluded that a quick resolution would be negative to the value of our forward soy crush capacity and the physical beans we were accumulating in Brazil. As a result, we took the prudent step to position ourselves long in futures as a hedge. Futures subsequently went lower, offsetting gains on our bean basis ownership. However, this provided us an opportunity to benefit from increasing our forward crush coverage at significantly better margins. This benefit will be visible in Q3 and Q4 as we execute on our soy crush capacity. In Food & Ingredients, milling performed well, led by Brazil, and we believe we have turned the corner in both margins and volumes in Brazil and Mexico, and therefore, expect a strong performance in milling for the balance of the year. With the exception of Loders Croklaan, which is tracking well, results in Edible Oils were disappointing with softer margins in most regions on the back of a temporary oversupply of oil resulting from the favorable soy crush environment. We expect pricing and margins to improve in the second half as strong demand continues in both food and biodiesel, and soy crush run rates start to taper in South America. The integration of Loders Croklaan is progressing well and we anticipate a strong second half with momentum building into 2019 as synergies are realized. We are winning new customers, who recognize our strong value proposition, and our combined strength in the sales teams are in a position to drive growth. In total, our South American business had a solid first half and we expect a good full year, though there's uncertainty relating to the outcome of truck freight pricing in Brazil. In North America and Europe, we expect strong results in crush and oils. Asia, particularly China, experienced volatile crush margins during the quarter, which provided us opportunities to extend forward coverage into the second half of the year. We expect results for the full year to be well distributed over our three regions and our global teams have done an excellent job in positioning the company for a very strong second half. We're extremely pleased with the progress of our efforts to transform Bunge into a more efficient and effective organization. The Global Competitiveness Program is tracking ahead of our original expectations, enabling us to raise our target for SG&A savings this year to $150 million from our previous target of $100 million. This, along with our ongoing industrial cost programs and disciplined capital allocation process are expected to drive returns back above WACC by the end of the year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Thom for details on the financials and our outlook.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Soren, and good morning, everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on page 4. The reported second quarter loss per share from continuing operations was $0.20 compared to earnings per share of $0.48 in the second quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share was $0.10 in the second quarter versus $0.17 in the prior year. Pre-tax notable charges totaled $46 million during the quarter, primarily resulting from costs related to the Global Competitiveness Program and recognition of a loss on the sale of an equity investment in Brazil. Pre-tax results also included the negative impact of approximately $125 million of new mark-to-market losses on our forward soy crush commitments, reflecting the strong soy crush environment. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $71 million versus $73 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, segment EBIT was $117 million. Excluding the mark-to-market impact on soy crush commitments, adjusted EBIT would have been $242 million. Agribusiness adjusted results increased significantly in the second quarter, with adjusted EBIT of $118 million compared to $18 million in the second quarter of 2017, primarily due to an improvement in Oilseeds, with soy crush margins remarkably higher than 2017's levels. This was driven by the combination of strong soymeal demand, lower crush rates in Argentina due to the drought, and increased availability of U.S. soybeans as the U.S.-China trade dynamics evolved. Soy margins continued to expand over the quarter, resulting in new negative mark-to-market of approximately $125 million relating to soy crush commitments beyond the second quarter. In the first quarter, we had negative mark-to-market of $120 million, approximately half of which reversed in the second quarter. As the contracts related to future crush capacity commitments are executed over the balance of the year, we expect the second quarter mark-to-market, as well as the balance of the first quarter mark-to-market totaling $185 million to reverse. This is embedded in our outlook. Excluding the mark-to-market impact, Oilseeds second quarter adjusted EBIT would have been $265 million compared to $2 million last year, a significant improvement. In Grains, results were impacted by a temporary $24 million foreign exchange loss and hedges in Brazil expected to reverse. Excluding this effect, Brazil results were higher than last year, driven by higher margins and volumes. Origination results in North America were higher than last year, but did not materially contribute to overall results. Origination results in Argentina were negative due to smaller crops as a result of the drought. Results were also negatively impacted by risk positions we took to offset potential unfavorable bean basis movements in Brazil. In total, excluding mark-to-market impacts in the first half of the year, year-to-date Agribusiness results would have been approximately $355 million versus $127 million in the prior year. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $46 million compared to $44 million in the second quarter of 2017. Edible Oils adjusted results of $19 million were $9 million lower than last year, primarily due to weaker results in Brazil where an abundant supply of soy oil from a strong crushing environment pressured retail prices. Results in Argentina were lower as improved volumes and margins were more than offset by foreign currency impacts. In Europe, improved performance was driven by higher volumes and margins, reflecting increased value-added sales. In Europe, improved performance was driven by higher volumes and margins, reflecting increased value-added sales from recent acquisitions as well as increased demand for margarine. In North America, higher volumes were more than offset by lower margins due to competitive pressures from high oil stocks, resulting from increased rates of crushing. And in Asia, results benefited from higher volumes and lower costs both in India and China. Milling adjusted results of $27 million increased by $11 million as compared to the second quarter of last year. Brazil was the biggest driver of the improvement where margins increased, reflecting smaller domestic wheat crops and volumes increased on share gains. In North America, higher results in the U.S. were partially offset by lower results in Mexico. Sugar & Bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was a loss of $40 million compared to income of $14 million in the prior year period. Lower earnings in the quarter were primarily driven by our sugarcane milling and trading and distribution operations. In milling, higher ethanol prices and lower operating costs were more than offset by lower sugar prices as compared to the prior year, and work stoppages at the mills as a result of the Brazilian trucker strike also negatively impacted results. Sugar trading and distribution incurred a $26 million loss in the quarter primarily due to the combination of unwinding activity in preparation for exiting the business, and a $14 million bad debt charge. During the quarter, we completed the sale of our interest in our renewable oils joint venture, and we are in late stages of discussions to sell our international sugar and trading distribution business. We also made a filing in Brazil to explore the possibility of an IPO of our sugarcane milling business during the quarter. But based on market conditions in Brazil, we postponed that process. Fertilizer quarterly adjusted EBIT was a loss of $7 million, reflecting a $13 million foreign exchange loss on currency hedges relating to fertilizer inventory. An offsetting gain is expected to occur in the second half of the year as these inventories are sold. Adjusting for this impact, results would have been higher than last year, driven by higher volume, margins, and lower costs. Our tax expense for the six-month period was $21 million. The effective rate was unusually high as a result of an unfavorable earnings mix associated with low pre-tax income, and losses in certain jurisdictions where we cannot record a tax benefit. Let's turn to slide 5. Our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations were $704 million, which was lower than the end of 2017, primarily due to mark-to-market impacts in soy crush that has shifted earnings to the second half of the year. Based on strong outlook for the business, we expect this metric to improve significantly going forward. Let's turn to slide 6 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating as well as access to committed liquidity sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are rated BBB by all three rating agencies and we had $3.5 billion of undrawn available committed credit and $221 million in cash at the end of the second quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization, and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We've continued to maintain strict discipline in CapEx spending, investing $220 million in CapEx in the first half, as compared to $342 million in the prior period. We've invested $968 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of Loders Croklaan, and we paid $147 million in dividends to shareholders. Debt has increased since the beginning of the year as a result of an increase in working capital, primarily inventory, and acquisitions, primarily Loders. We expect that the combination of a seasonal reduction in inventories and strong operating results in the second half will result in a trailing 12-month adjusted debt to EBITDA ratio below 3 times by the end of the year. Let's turn to slide 7 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital was 3.7% overall and 4.7% for our core Agri and Foods business, 2.3 percentage points below our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost of capital on the Agri and Foods businesses, and we expect to exceed our cost of capital for the full year of 2018. Let's turn to slide 8 and the Global Competitiveness Program. We expect to significantly exceed our 2018 target for the program, which is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure to drive efficiency, enhance our ability to scale the company, and realize significant additional value from our global platform. When we announced the program a year ago, our goal was to achieve an annual run rate reduction in costs of $250 million by the end of 2019. Initially, we expected $100 million of those savings would be achieved this year as compared to our 2017 addressable baseline of $1.35 billion. Based on progress to date, we're increasing our 2018 target by $50 million, bringing the total savings for the year to $150 million. The improvement comes from our ability to meet or stretch indirect spend targets, as well as maintain momentum in organizational efficiency. The $150 million reduction is roughly split equally between indirect spend and employee costs. Compared to the six-month period in 2017, addressable SG&A was $81 million lower on an apples-to-apples basis. We had initially targeted 2019 reduction against the baseline of $180 million. We will update the target as part of our 2019 business planning process toward the end of the year. We've incurred a total of $87 million of program-related costs since inception, including $18 million this quarter. Let's turn to the 2018 outlook on slide 9. Starting with Agribusiness, we expect a strong second half and a significant improvement from last year, with full year EBIT toward the upper end of the range of $800 million to $1 billion. In Oilseeds, we've increased our expectations due to higher soy crush margins and the fact that we have a significant portion of our capacity for the balance of the year committed at favorable margins. We're well supplied with soybeans in Brazil, which largely accounts for our higher level of inventory at the end of the second quarter, and the U.S. soy crop is developing well, which together should allow our crush plants in these regions as well as in Europe to run at higher capacity levels through the year. However, we have lowered our expectation in Grains as a result of our second quarter results, uncertainty related to the evolving freight price situation in Brazil, and expectations for lower volumes and margins in the U.S. due to potentially lower exports. We saw significant volatility in agricultural commodity prices in the second quarter due to trade policy uncertainty. This dynamic will likely continue until trade policy becomes clearer. We'll continue to closely monitor the situation. In Food & Ingredients, we expect results to be at the lower end of our full year EBIT outlook range of $290 million to $310 million, reflecting the softer-than-expected second quarter Edible Oil results in South America and weaker currencies in some of our primary markets. Second half results are expected to improve sequentially as excess oil supplies come into better balance later in the year. Milling should continue to benefit from higher margins in Brazil due to a smaller local wheat crop. Turning to slide 10, in Sugar & Bioenergy, we're adjusting our full year EBIT outlook range to breakeven, based on losses in trading and distribution in Q2, as well as expectations of lower cane crush resulting from the drought in Brazil, and softer-than-expected Brazilian ethanol prices. We expect milling to be profitable for the year, but trading and distribution to result in a loss. In Fertilizer, we expect EBIT to be approximately $25 million. We now expect CapEx to total approximately $650 million, a $50 million reduction from our previous estimate, reflecting discipline in our capital allocation. This will bring CapEx to a level below our DD&A, which is approximately $690 million. We expect net interest expense to be in the range of $270 million to $285 million, an increase from our earlier range due to higher levels of inventory. And we expect a full year effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%, which incorporates the effects of U.S. tax reform. I'll now turn the call back over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I'm on slide 11 now. Lots of positive changes are taking place within Bunge, bringing heightened focus and fresh energy. The Global Competitiveness Program is not only exceeding our expectations financially, but equally important, we have global teams focused on the things which matter most commercially, crush, B2B oils, commodity flows and risk management, and growing our customer relationships. We are well on course to achieving a significant transformation within Bunge, which will drive major benefits for years to come and which is a tribute to the hard work and continued commitment of our colleagues around the world. As mentioned earlier, we expect a very strong second half as we realize the benefits of a much improved soy crush environment, accelerate earnings in both milling and oils, and drive increased savings and efficiencies from our Global Competitiveness Program. Agribusiness growth fundamentals are intact, which is evidenced by the strong demand we are currently experiencing, as well as a spike in soy crush margins. This along with our initiatives to grow our value-added business, of which Loders is a big part, and our cost programs provide us with a number of drivers for growth beyond the current year. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: Yes. Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And this morning's first question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning and thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Morning. My question, Soren, is to you. You sound very confident in the second half performance, given the performance of the first half. Could you talk about in each segment, where are the biggest risks? And, in particular in Agribusiness, you talk about crush margins should be strong into 2019. If Argentina ramps back up the way it did a couple of years ago, is that a risk also for 2019? If you just put it into context first that will be helpful.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Sure. You're right. We do have a great deal of confidence in our second half forecast and it is really anchored in the visibility we have and the amount of crush we've already locked up. It's an unusual amount for us for this time of the year and we have pretty clear line of sight to how we get to the end of the year in crush the way that we're describing it here. The biggest risk I would say is probably still related to grain origination and the impact on changes in trade policy that may or may not occur as we go through the balance of the year. But of course, the ultimate, let's say the agreement on how to proceed with freight pricing in Brazil. Those will be the two big ones. We feel good about our food ramp-up by the end of the year. Milling, as we talked about, is showing very good signs of having come back to normalized margins, and then oils should be very strong finish to the year, led by less pressure on, let's say, crude oil in the global marketplace as crush weights particularly in Brazil taper off. So, we feel very good about visibility for the forecast that we've given. Origination and grain trading is probably where the risk lies. I don't think it's big, but that's what it would be. Looking to next year, you're right that if we return with a normalized Argentine crop, there's likely to be more competition in the global marketplace for Mill and Oil as we get into the late part of the second quarter, and that could have a somewhat dampening effect on soy crush margins. But we do see the ability to lock up a fairly sizable amount of our first half crush at margins that you can see at the moment and we started doing so. On the flip side, we have, I think, upside in our soft seed crush. Soft seeds have, for the last couple of years, not performed as they historically did. This year, we believe that we have the beginnings of a recovery. Strong biodiesel demand in Europe and in other parts of the world, are leading that. And I think there's a pretty good story developing in China perhaps, taking a lot of the good proteins coming out of soft seed crush, which would be a boost to that part of the business. So, I look at soy next year as a very healthy market, very certainly, but maybe not as perfect as the back half of this year will be, but by historical standards, very, very healthy, soft seeds making up a part of the slack. And then I think in grain origination, we still have a lot of upside, getting back to sort of historical learnings. So, I think that's basically how I'd characterize next year's soy crush outlook or the crush outlook in general, positive in general and no reason to believe that it wouldn't be a very, very strong first half, and then we'll see how everything develops.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for that, Soren. And then as a point of clarification and a follow-up, you noted freight costs in Brazil. I know you said you've procured your soybeans...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: ...but I'm assuming you haven't lost in your freight costs. So, is that a risk into the back half?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: There is some risk. We don't believe that it is material, but there is some risk. As others have done in the industry, we found ways to continue to do business, so to speak. Farmers are delivering some of the grain instead of us picking it up. We have very strong relationships within the industry, particularly with farmers in all parts of Brazil that's helping us navigate through this period now where there really is no clarity. So, I think we'll end up in a good place. The industry is working in unison to come up with a reasonable solution to all this. I think more importantly really is how this might impact the pace of pricing of the new crop, soybeans in particular, but also corn where very, very little has been priced so far. Very little has been commercialized with the 2019 crop, which will, in all likelihood, will be a big one. And so, if there's a definition on that, the freight pricing, so that we can start extending into next year and help farmers commercialize their crops, there could be some positives also in the second half of the year. But I think we've done a good job mitigating the impacts of the truck disruption so far and I suspect that we'll continue to do so.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that. I'll get back in line.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Heather Jones with Vertical Group.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Heather.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: I had a couple of questions, but I was hoping that if you could help me understand better. So, the grain trading distribution losses in Q2, what decisions did you guys make that drove that loss? Because I mean, the conventional wisdom was that a China-U.S. trade disruption would benefit Bunge but it sounds like you all made decisions going into that that made it a negative. So, I don't know if I'm misinterpreting that. So, I just first want to just understand it better, exactly what happened?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, okay, for sure. I'm glad to try and put some light on that. First of all, if you add the $24 million in foreign exchange mismatch that Thom talked about, the Grains for the quarter was actually a positive. But you're right. It was not what you would have expected, given it's a peak quarter in South America and so forth. So, to sort of try and play the movie throughout the quarter where there are lot of gives and takes and lot of volatility. About middle of the quarter, we found ourselves in a situation where we were originating a fair amount of soybeans in Brazil, where the gross margin outlook for the balance of the year was good, was healthy, was actually improving from where we had been previously, and we wanted to find a way to try and protect all this in the best way that we could. And we concluded that a quick resolution to the trade talks, which would have driven a lot more demand back to the U.S., particularly in soybeans, but really across the board, would have put carry-outs in the U.S. at a fairly low level right ahead of the growing season. And we felt that would have been very bullish, positive to futures, which in turn, would have put pressure on the basis long that we had accumulated in Brazil and, no doubt, also put pressure on board crush. So, we concluded, weighing the pluses and the minuses, that we are better off trying to protect for that event. And the best way to do that was by being biased long, flat price, or in futures across the board as we then went into the second half of the quarter. As it turned out, the trade talks did not result in any resolution and futures subsequently drifted lower, which led to a loss. But it was offset by a basis gain on the beans we had already accumulated in Brazil. So, trading for the quarter was neutral. So, it wasn't a loss. It was simply a matter of trying to protect what we had built in terms of positions in South America. And on the flip side, as I said in my comments early on, crush margins subsequently expanded significantly. The last 30 days of the quarter for crush, as you follow I'm sure, went from, I don't know, $1.30 to almost $1.80, $1.90 a bushel, and that is the window that we then had and extending into early July, whereby we were able to extend crush significantly into the back end of the year, and the reason that we feel so good about giving you the guidance we are now for crush. So, when we look at these things, it really is, and I'd say particularly in situations like this, it is with the whole enterprise view to the gives and takes of what might happen not only in the quarter, but also extending beyond. And so, I feel very good about what we did and why we did it. And the benefits, you will see as we execute now in Q3 and Q4 at significantly favorable margins in crush.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: So, you're saying that this grain trading and distribution loss that you call out in Grain, so, yeah, it was a loss for the quarter, but you made it up in the basis gains on the Oilseeds side.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, some of the basis gains...
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: That would...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: ...some of the basis gains would have been in Grain as well. Some of them, of course, would sit in in the oilseed crushing accounts in Oilseeds. So, it's a little bit in both places, but we definitely made up for it overall with the basis length that we had in Brazil, both within the crush franchise and also within the trading franchise. And moreover, the most important thing is that it allowed us to secure, let's say, even better crush margins for the part of the capacity that we had open for the second half of the year. And as Thom mentioned, we have the majority of it now locked up or hedged.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And this is a complicated question, but it just gets to – so, if I adjust your Q2 for your mark-to-markets in these forex contracts, and then I look at your back half, including your comment on North American exports, I'm honestly confused. Now, I understand you guys are not as big as ADM and Cargill in U.S. exports, but you still have a decent size position in NOLA and a decent size position in PNW, and you're obviously sizable in Brazil. And both of your peers called out both of those regions as being good and bullish outlook on the back half. And so, if you look at their Q2 results and look at you alls and then your back half commentary on the caution of surrounding U.S. exports, I'm just having difficulty jiving the two. And like you said, Q2 should be a peak quarter for South America. So, just how I may understand the disparity between the two?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Well, let's start with what we feel very strong about, that's the Oilseeds piece of our business. And so, the forecast for the year that you would imply from the commentary we've given would lead you to somewhere between $750 million and $800 million. So, it will, all in all, likely would be a record result in crush, which is what we've been focused on. On the Grains side of the equation, it is correct that the second quarter should've been the peak in South America, and in many ways, it was. The basis gains that you would've normally assumed would be embedded in the performance were offset for the reasons that I just mentioned. So, it's really about looking forward now. And you can certainly paint a picture, whereby if things get back to normal in Brazil, given our size of activity in Brazil, market shares, and also given the significantly undersold farmer for next year's crop, that the second half could be better than what we are indicating here. But we don't know how the freight situation is going to turn out. And, therefore, we're being a bit cautious, I suppose, is the right way to put it. On the Grains side in the U.S., we have exposure primarily to the export points. Our business in the Center Gulf is really from St. Louis in south and in New Orleans. And on the West Coast, it's the elevator in Longview. We do not have, as some of our competitors have, large storage facilities in the interior, particularly in the Wheat Belt, where you can earn large big carries. That is not how Bunge is set up. So, we are very dependent upon the export margin going through those facilities in either New Orleans or on the West Coast. At the moment, there is no definition in those markets. It is entirely dependent upon trade policy and whether or not China returns to the U.S. market. If things remain as they are now, which is what we are assuming in our forecast, it's going to be a skinny export season out of the U.S., both off the West Coast and in New Orleans, and we will not have a great fourth quarter there. We could end up having it in South America instead. But we won't have the large carry income to compensate for that as others perhaps do. So, that's why we're a bit hesitant in putting too much optimism into the second half in Grain. We are very optimistic. We are very confident in Oilseeds. That is really what's driving this year's result. It's where we are focused. It's where we've locked up margins. We've been very prudent. We knew we had to deliver and we will. On the Grains side of things, we will have to see how it all turns out. There are just too many uncertainties at the moment. But, obviously, we're all hoping for something that's better than that we're guiding.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay, okay. Thank you so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: All right.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Vince Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you and good morning, everyone. I kind of just want to dial in on the Chinese tariff situation because if I understood your remarks correctly, and please correct me if I did not, but some of the hedging activity that's taken place year-to-date or positioning activity was a function of a view that if the Chinese tariff didn't go through, markets would change. And so, my assumption is that your belief is that the Chinese tariff or at least the threat of it was helpful to the operating environment for you and now obviously, it's gone through. So, can you just help us understand what you think the risk is, and let's assume that the tariff situation is resolved at some point, whether it's in the back half of this year or at some point next year, what does that mean to the back half of the year, and maybe the answer is nothing because you've locked so much in. But what would it mean next year in terms of how your opportunity set in the operating environment would evolve and what would the pluses and minuses be?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think the answer is what you just gave yourself is it probably doesn't mean much because so much at least of the Oilseeds part of the equation has been locked in. And the further the clock rolls forward, the more of that is the case. So, don't expect big changes from this. I'd say 30 days to 60 days from now, the year should be more or less as we've laid it out. Obviously, a return to the U.S. for China in the late months of the year could be very beneficial, but we don't know what's going to happen. Looking into 2019 and beyond, our basic premise is that none of this is good. We prefer an environment where there is no trade obstructions, where goods flow free, and where farmers make planting decisions based on the right economics and so forth. I think our – although the proof in the pudding is in the next two quarters in terms of our results, our footprint, the way we have set up, our balance around the world in terms of assets, will allow us to operate well in any environment. But our belief and our support is for resolution, for sure, that it is better in the long run for everybody. But that's how I'd characterize that.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. But you don't think there was some sort of benefit to you in terms of just sort of some urgency that came into, let's say, the Brazilian market in the first half of the year ahead of the tariffs that sort of allowed an opportunity, a margin opportunity, or a positioning opportunity present itself that you've taken advantage of that maybe goes away if the tariffs are resolved?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No. No, not really. No. I mean, I think the opportunity that was created out of the, let's say, the lack of a trade resolution was the expanding board crush in particular that we've capitalized on to the extent that we could. So, I think, we've done what we could to optimize the portfolio. But it is not visible in our first half results. It's coming. It will be visible in Q3 and Q4.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So, I just wanted to start off with the guidance itself and make sure I understand kind of what's happened here. I believe that the midpoint of the segment guidance was raised. I think you've basically taken Agribusiness up $100 million, Sugar down $60 million and Edible Oils down $10 million for a net $40 million positive change to your segment EBIT guidance. Do I have that right, guys?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, yeah. That's about right. Yeah.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. So, the basic answer here is even though we have this remarkably deviant answer on second quarter's $0.10 versus consensus over $1, you guys are saying that, no, the full year numbers are still quite good and midpoint goes up. So, Soren, then others have tried to ask this so far on the call, but your two biggest competitors reported really strong second quarter results. And there's then a lot of folks just asking us why is Bunge so different. Why does second quarter come out so different than the peers? And so far, I think what you've answered is that Bunge doesn't have U.S. interior grain storage, and that affects the way your U.S. Grain operations work versus those peers in a negative fashion. And then secondly, there was this complicated hedge that you put into place related to U.S. and China trade. It didn't work out. You had "an offsetting factor with bean basis", but nonetheless, the net answer here is negative perhaps versus what peers did. I think so far, those are the two pieces of explanations that I understand that would explain the differential between Bunge's second quarter results and those of peers. Do I have that right and is there anything in addition that you could add?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, I think you have it broadly right, David. But just to complete the piece about South America and how we chose to, let's say, hedge the enterprise, the benefit of this is not visible now, but it will be visible as we execute our crush in Q3 and Q4. So, the net-net of what we decided to do was a positive and you'll see that play out. But other than that, I think you got it broadly correct.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, okay. Well, I appreciate it. I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hello, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Continuing on the guidance, just to be clear, how things have changed within Agribusiness. I believe previously within the $800 million to $1 billion range, you had the Grain business up $100 million. And what are the specific guidance points now for Oilseeds and Grains as we think about the balance of the year? And within that Oilseeds, what's the kind of assumed crush margin now? And I imagine you've got a pretty good handle on it, given the hedging position.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Well, as I said, we are saying that Oilseeds in total, which includes both soy and soft, is in the range of $750 million to $800 million. For the balance of the year, so the second half of the year, the crush margins we're assuming in that forecast is somewhere around $50 to $55 a ton. Soft seeds, still a little bit too early to see how all that plays out, but peg soy in the $50 to $55 a metric ton, and Grains will make up for the difference. And if you take our last year's Grain result and you adjust for what we guided earlier on, you get above $1 billion in Agribusiness earnings for the year. And given the uncertainty that we've described around the freight situation in Brazil and how trade evolves over the next months, we've decided to be just a bit cautious on that one. So, we're rounding down a bit on the grain guidance to get us into the upper end of the range, but not above. But that all remains to be seen, of course, how it plays out.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay, all right. That's helpful. And then just a question on the Brazilian operations in both the second half comment, but also a bit kind of longer-term as you think about how – you talked about the freight impact and people kind of just managing to do business, and wondering how do you perceive that, the truck strike, impacting kind of the longer-term competitiveness there? I mean, it would seem to further enhance the competitiveness of rail out of Mato Grosso and probably incent a larger kind of proportion of take-or-pay again, which created some bad competitive behavior in the past. And wanted to just get your perspective on the medium-term implications of the truck strike and the uncertainty around logistics, and how that could change some of the competitive behavior in getting the beans out. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think it's too early to make any conclusions around what this might mean for long-term rail versus truck. I mean Brazil is still massively dependent upon truck movement. And I don't think our approach to take-or-pay is going to change any because of what's going on. But the decision we made last year to build more flexibility into our rail commitments has worked out well for us this year, and I suspect that we'll continue on that path for the next. But I think over the long haul, so I'm talking – you're talking a decade probably, Brazil needs to invest in rail infrastructure. That's very clear. That's the missing link. And I think it's been talked about for at least 10 years of how that would be one of the most significant and important infrastructure investments in the country. And not all that much has happened. Some has occurred, but still far behind the original plans. So, I think that will continue, but it won't make any difference, I believe, over the next couple of years.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's all very helpful. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. This is really a follow-up regarding your comments about your concerns about U.S. exports. You mentioned it's because of your footprint in Washington State and in the Gulf. But my understanding was that there's a lot of foreign countries that are trying to load up on grain and beans to kind of backfill the demand from China that China is no longer seeking from the U.S. Why wouldn't Bunge benefit from that kind of dynamic or am I overstating what's happening there? I think even Brazil was thinking of importing a bunch of beans to backfill the demand. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right. Well, there are different schools of thought on how all this can play out. Our belief is that it is not possible to replace the lack of Chinese demand in soybeans with other destinations. It's simply too big. Of course, there will be some switching. There already is. Market prices are telling you that those who can should be bringing their business to the U.S. instead of other places that prices do the job. But the magnitude of the Chinese demand in a normal year is simply too big to replace with other destinations. So, the net impact would be negative. Now, having said that, corn exports look favorable and there is potentially a wheat story brewing out there that will be felt sometime next year, not in the fourth quarter. But the net of it all in a normal situation would be significantly reduced overall U.S. exports. And that's why we are being a bit hesitant in trying to set expectations for what export margins would be out of the U.S., particularly in the fourth quarter. Who knows what happens when you turn the clock to 2019. But that's how we look at it.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Soren, I mean you can see the data coming in on corn exports. I mean it's really accelerating. Do you view that as just kind of a pulling forward demand and then there really won't be anything...?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think it's probably a matter of business that normally would be supplied out of Brazil has flipped to the U.S. But there's still corn to be exported out of Brazil that will end up competing later. And in soybeans, well, there's just been no real new business of consequence. And I think the gap in soybeans to where we would normally be, will widen significantly between now and the middle of September. So, at this point, if you just look at the export sales figures, you may not see a big divergence, but that will be building unless something changes in trade between now and the time that we get into middle of September.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hello, Farha.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Continuing on the grain story, as you see the crop develop in Argentina for next year, you could – China could source out of Argentina. Is that a benefit for Bunge or is the tax regime in Argentina such that the farmer will continue to hold on to their grain?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: That remains to be seen. I think it very much depends on the economic situation and the outlook for inflation and foreign exchange once we get there. And there's still a differential export tax on soybeans with these products that would encourage crush. But, of course, in theory, it's possible that the Chinese would take some Argentine beans as well, but it would be more logical that they direct their efforts towards Brazil and there should be plenty of beans in Brazil to supply them certainly in the first three or four months of the crop, starting in February. So, it's really a matter of the Chinese, so to speak, being able to stretch themselves into February-March, and then Brazil should be there in full force. There's also talk, as you might have heard, about meal imports to China to try and make up for some of the shortfall in crush that could happen towards the end of this year and the beginning of next. That's obviously something that we would welcome. That would be positive, but still in the talking stages.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And you highlighted strong meal demand currently and a strong outlook longer-term. We're hearing of the Chinese changing the mix of feed to reduce protein in animal diets. Can that have a longer-term impact on meal demand and impact the market and Bunge's potential longevity in these soy crush margin?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I think the impact of what you're talking about would be felt in domestic Chinese crush, where we have participation, but it's a small share of the total. I think the impact on Bunge from that perspective would be fairly muted. And the flip side of that, of course, would be that if there is for some reason less demand, relative demand, for soybean meal because of formulation changes, it would result in less bean imports and that would free up more beans for crush at the origins, which is where most of our capacity is located. So, I don't feel too threatened by that. And I've heard the same thing. So far, I have not seen or heard from our people any indication that it's actually taking place, that it is still economics of least cost formulation that drives decisions to buy one ingredient or the other. I think what might be confusing a little bit at the moment is that there's a significant glut of both soybeans and soybean meal in the Chinese market, record imports over a long period of time here maybe in anticipation of this trade issue building up has oversupplied the market. And that could give the appearance that demand is not as good as it really is. But from what we can tell, demand for soybean meal in China is still intact. The growth rates have come down a bit. You're probably talking 2% or 3% per year now as opposed to the usual 7%, 8%, but still positive. And as far as we can tell, it is still the same economics that are driving feed formulation. So, so far, it is, I will say, business as usual. But it is an interesting dichotomy in that the market that ultimately will be in the shorter supply, China for soybean meal at the moment feels the heaviest because imports upfront have been accelerated to the extent that they have and the crushing plants have been running at full speed. So, all that has to clean itself up over the next three to four months and, we believe, it will.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And final question is on soft seeds. You highlighted that your soft seed crush is improved. Kind of about how much of a benefit will that be in fiscal 2018? And into 2019, do you expect that to be an incremental positive, or is flat the best we can expect?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, it's difficult to say, but our soft seed business should be, as we evolve into balance of this year and next year, $100 million-plus type of activity. And it certainly was above that for several years in the past when we had ample seed supply and strong demand for oil to biodiesel. And we see some of that returning now. And again, the kicker could be getting back to China, the extent to which China supplements their protein demands by buying canola meal, rape meal, and sunflower seed meal, and we know that they've recently approved exports of sunflower meal from the Ukraine with pretty much all the plants in that country having been approved by the Chinese authorities. So, there are some positives in soft seeds that I think are developing over the next six to 12 months in Europe. The commitment to biodiesel is seemingly intact and demand is up because imports from Argentina are down. So, I think that soft seed could be a positive. The magnitude is a bit difficult to gauge at the moment, but I'd hope we can get back to more normalized run rates as we get into late 2018 and then 2019 and beyond.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Ken.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, a couple of questions. One is, do you think that Bunge is positioned to fully capitalize on the current operating environment, and do you think there's any leakages that has happened through the operations, or do you think you'll be able to fully capitalize on it?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: In the case of Oilseeds in crush, I would say we feel very strongly about being able to make this a year that reflects a strong environment. So, I have little doubt about that. Grains is just a different – it's a different mix of assets and exposure for us, and the uncertainties we've discussed around the truck freight in Brazil and the trade issues are real, and the impact of which are to be determined. But for sure, we will be able to show that we made the best out of the environment that we could have in Oilseeds.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Let me just understand this. If you did not take the hedge position, would your results be better, worse, or any different from what you're looking at?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think they would have been – at the end of the year, once we execute the crush that we've now margined up at higher levels, I will say if we had not done it, the net result would have been lower than what it will be.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And how is your positioning in soft seeds relative to your peers?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: You mean in terms of assets?
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Would you be a bigger winner in the soft seed industry or would you be in the same camp as the logistics? I'm just trying to measure it and understand the relative magnitude. As, again, you guys...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, I would say we are very well-positioned both in Canada and in Eastern Europe, in particular, in sunseed. So, I think Eastern Europe sunseed and Canadian canola, we are very well-positioned relative to the industry.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my last question is how much forward have you locked in your margins, your crush margins, in the U.S. and other regions? Is it through 2018? Is it through first half of 2019? How far have you done that?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Excuse me, Ken. We've done close to 75% of our total crush capacity for the balance of the year, and we're starting to chip away at next year. So, when we see particularly board crush that we can use to lock some of the U.S. and European capacity, we start chipping away at that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. With that, thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Thanks. And the next question is a follow-up from Heather Jones with Vertical Group.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Thanks for taking the follow-up. So, I just wanted to clarify, for the back half, potential upside is if we get a quicker-than-expected resolution on freight, and then on the soft seed. That will be the two key things that could drive upside to your projection?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think that's about right. Yeah.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And then looking out to 2019 and the crush that you're locking in, I mean if you look at the strip, there's pretty good margins at least in the U.S. for months out. Could you help us understand what the liquidity is like as you go into Q1, Q2 of 2019, I mean, with the feasibility of actually locking in a sizable chunk of that?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: The liquidity diminishes quite rapidly the further out you go. That's a fact. So, it is about picking, like Thom said, chipping away, picking the moments when there's a bid. But, of course, we would prefer to do this in the form of physical business to our customers. And those businesses come in waves. I would expect that by the time we get into the second half, people will already begin to margin up some of the physical business in the U.S. and in Europe. That's typically where you have the longest strings of real activity. So, I don't expect that we will be margined up completely or even 50% just through futures. That's unrealistic. A lot of it will have to come from the interaction with our customers on the meal side and oil side, and of course, farmers on the beans side. But what we can and when there is a bid and we see that it fits the outlook, we will chip away on it, but it's not something you just do.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: And aren't you seeing greater willingness by the end users to do that, given you mentioned it earlier the wheat story that's brewing, just the wheat and corn balance sheets tightening up. Are you seeing a greater willingness by customers to lock in?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think that you will definitely see some of that, and I think mostly to Europe where we are feeling the brunt of the decline in the wheat crop. So, both the Black Sea, but particularly the European wheat crop, is off significantly which will result in probably more corn feeding and incremental soybean meal. So, it's a kicker for soybean meal demand in Europe without a doubt. It's kind of the opposite of what we saw two or three years ago. And so, yeah, I would expect that as we get into the – I don't know whether it's the third or the fourth quarter, but we should expect to see the European consumer extend a bit further out than the normal locking in. But it's still very attractive soybean meal prices. They are by historical measures and certainly in relationship to other feed ingredients attractively priced.
Heather Jones - The Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And as there are no more questions, I would like to return the call to Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thank you and I appreciate everyone joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Group Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited First Quarter 2018 Earnings and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Haden, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Thom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark. I'm turning to slide number 3. First quarter results came in stronger than expected when excluding mark-to-market on committed crush and signal an awaited transition into a period of much improved margins and performance especially in soy crush. Our teams took advantage of a quickly changing environment and we have positioned the company for very strong performance in the balance of the year. The combination of much reduced soybean availability in Argentina and strong underlying consumption of both protein and oils has increased demand for and therefore margins of soy crush capacity in other regions, especially the United States and in Europe. Shifting trade flows of both soybeans and soy products as well as corn are putting a premium on our logistics assets and distribution capabilities and more dynamic markets have widened margins across the value chains. Our global footprint is built for this type of environment. We can effectively direct capacity and trade flows between origins to serve our global customer base during times of rapid market shifts and volatility. As a result of these improved market conditions and our capabilities, we're confident of a significant growth in Agribusiness performance in 2018 and beyond. In Foods, results were higher in all regions except for our Edible Oils business in South America where ample oil supplies from a strong crushing environment have pressured retail prices. Performances in our Edible Oils businesses in North America, Europe and Asia were solid and we are successfully growing share with key accounts. The Milling business in Brazil is showing signs of turning and margins are expected to improve sequentially as the smaller domestic wheat crop is consumed and the economy continues to grow. Our acquisition of Loders Croklaan closed in early March. We welcome the talented colleagues of Loders Croklaan to Bunge and look forward to working together. This is a new and exciting chapter for Bunge's Edible Oil business and will bring the share of added value contribution closer to our target of 35%. In addition, we continue to progress towards the separation of our Brazilian sugarcane milling business. We have committed debt financing for the business and are now in a position where we could operate on a stand-alone basis. To progress with the separation process, we expect to be in a position to make an initial filing in Brazil to explore the possibility of an IPO as soon as later this month. While current sugar prices are depressed, we believe the ethanol market outlook is positive and we are well positioned both operationally and financially to perform profitably. Whether we proceed with the transaction will depend upon our view of market conditions and valuation expectations at that time. The Global Competitiveness Program is progressing well and on track towards a $100 million target for this year, which is in addition to the $80 million of savings from industrial supply chain initiatives. While this transformation has been challenging, a lot of positive energy is being created within Bunge by a sharper focus on markets and customers, and our industrial and supply chain programs continue to deliver strong savings with a particular focus on energy and staffing efficiencies. We remain focused on disciplined capital allocation and driving returns back above cost of capital as the year progresses. These rapid shifts in industry dynamics is a reminder of how little it takes to shift the delicate balance of supply and demand for both capacity and raw materials. We are uniquely equipped to leverage these dynamics. We also know there's more we can do to unlock value from our global footprint, which we'll continue to pursue whether through regional or more global partnerships to strengthen our market positions and improve operating efficiencies. So, after a tough period, 2018 has started off better than we expected. We are ready and well prepared to deliver a strong performance this year and are accordingly raising our full year outlook, as Thom will now discuss with you.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you very much, Soren, and good morning, everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on page 4. Reported first quarter loss per share from continuing operations was $0.20 compared to earnings per share of $0.31 in the first quarter of 2017. Adjusted earnings per share was a loss of $0.06 in the first quarter versus $0.35 in the prior year. Pre-tax notable charges totaled $24 million during the quarter, primarily resulting from costs relating to the Global Competitiveness Program. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $61 million versus $133 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, segment EBIT was $85 million, which included $120 million of mark-to-market losses on our forward oilseed crushing contracts. Excluding the amount, adjusted EBIT would have been approximately $200 million. Agribusiness adjusted results decreased in the first quarter with EBIT of $52 million compared to $109 million in the first quarter of 2017, primarily as a result of the mark-to-market impact. Higher results in Grains were more than offset by lower results in Oilseeds. In Oilseeds, soy crush margins expanded significantly over the course of the quarter as compared to 2017's depressed levels, driven by a combination of strong soymeal demand and crush capacity constraints resulting from the drought in Argentina. The expansion in margins had two primary impacts. First, contracts that we had entered into related to future crushing capacity commitments had a negative mark-to-market value of $120 million at the end of the quarter. This loss was incorporated in our Q1 results. And second, our full year EBIT outlook has improved by $250 million to $300 million. Excluding the mark-to-market impact, Oilseeds in the first quarter adjusted EBIT would have been $86 million. In Grains, higher results were primarily driven by global trading and distribution which benefited from increased margins and effective risk management. Origination results were comparable to last year as improved performance in Brazil, where farmers benefited from higher local prices, offset lower results in North America and Argentina. The first quarter marked a transition period in the Agribusiness from an oversupplied, very weak market trough environment to one of tightening markets and strengthening margins. Results increased by more than 50% as compared to the first quarter of last year when adjusted for the mark-to-market on future business. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT was $54 million compared to $45 million in the first quarter of 2017, which was higher than expected. Edible Oils adjusted results of $35 million were $1 million lower than last year primarily due to weaker results in Brazil where an abundant supply of soy oil from the strong crushing environment pressured retail prices. Results in all other major regions were higher year-over-year. In Europe, improved performance was driven by higher volumes and margins reflecting increased value-added sales from recent acquisitions as well as increased demand for margarine. In North America, improved results reflected higher margins and lower costs, where the business is seeing the positive effects of its cost and efficiency improvement initiatives. And in Asia, results benefited from higher volumes and lower costs both in India and China. Milling adjusted results increased by $10 million compared to the first quarter of last year. Results were better in all regions with the biggest improvement seen in North America. In Mexico, results benefited from double-digit volume growth and lower costs, improved results in the U.S. were due to higher margins. And results in Brazil were slightly higher than last year as higher volume and lower costs more than offset lower margins. We're starting to see signs of improvement in Brazil as the market transitions to a smaller wheat crop and the economic environment slowly improves. Sugar & Bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was a loss of $20 million compared to a loss of $11 million in the prior year period. While results were better than expected, the effect of higher average ethanol prices was more than offset by lower volumes and lower sugar prices as compared to last year. Volumes were negatively impacted by low beginning inventory levels. Trading and distribution results in the quarter were better than last year. And in addition to Soren's comments regarding our plans for the sugar milling business, we also signed a share purchase agreement to sell our interest in our renewable oils joint venture, and we're in the process of exiting our sugar trading operation. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT was a loss of $1 million compared to a loss of $4 million last year. Our tax expense for the quarter was $19 million. The effective rate was unusually high as a result of low pre-tax income in the quarter and losses in certain entities for which we cannot record a tax benefit. Let's turn to page 5 and our cash flow highlights. Our trailing 12-month adjusted funds from operations were $811 million, which was slightly lower than for the period ended 12/31/2017, primarily due to the mark-to-market impacts. Based on our outlook of the business, we expect this metric to strengthen going forward. I'll take a minute to point out that as a result of a change in GAAP, we have changed the presentation of cash flows related to our trade receivables securitization program. Particularly impacted are the cash receipts from payments on the deferred purchase-price component of the program which are now classified as cash flows from investing activities, whereas previously, they were classified as inflows from operating activities. This does not impact our funds from operations metric but does reduce cash flow from operating activities. Let's turn to slide 6 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating, as well as access to committed liquidity sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are rated BBB by all three rating agencies, and we had $3.3 billion of undrawn available committed credit and $287 million in cash at the end of the first quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We have continued to maintain strict discipline on CapEx spending, investing $105 million in CapEx in the first quarter. Approximately a third of this amount related to sugarcane planting, and a third to other Agri segment investments. We have invested $968 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of Loders Croklaan. And we've paid $73 million in dividends to shareholders. Let's turn to slide 7 in our return on invested capital. Our trailing fourth quarter average return on invested capital was 3.8% overall and 4.4% for our core Agri and Foods businesses, 2.6 percentage points below our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost to capital on the Agri and Foods businesses and we expect to exceed our cost of capital for the full year of 2018. Let's turn to slide 8. We're on track with the Global Competitiveness Program, which is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure to drive efficiency, enhance our ability to scale the company, and realize significant additional value from our global platform. We plan to achieve an annual run rate reduction in costs of $250 million by the end of 2019. $100 million of that savings will be achieved this year as compared to our 2017 addressable baseline of $1.35 billion. As compared to the first quarter of last year, addressable SG&A was $41 million lower this quarter on an apples-to-apples basis. We incurred $16 million (sic) [$14 million] (15:14) of program-related costs in the first quarter. Now, let's turn to the outlook on slide 9. Starting with Agribusiness, underlying demand for soymeal remained strong which even at higher prices has not priced itself out of formulations remaining competitive with other proteins such as DDGs and feed wheat. Argentina crushers have been and are expected to continue to crush in alignment with farmer selling which has improved margins in Argentina significantly as compared to last year. There are ample soybean supplies in Brazil and the U.S. which should allow our crush plants in these regions, as well as, in Europe to run at higher capacity levels through the year, and we believe others entered the year with reduced logistics commitments, allowing us to better adapt to the pattern of farmer selling. Based on these factors, which have caused forward soy crush margins to expand significantly since the beginning of the year, we are increasing our Agribusiness full year 2018 outlook from $550 million to $700 million to $800 million to $1 billion. And we've increased our Food & Ingredients full year outlook of $260 million to $280 million to $290 million to $310 million. This increase primarily relates to the addition of our 70% interest in Loders Croklaan for the 10-month period. The resulting $25 million EBIT contribution is based on $105 million of full year EBITDA; $15 million of year one synergies, $8 million of which are in the 10-month period of 2018; full year DD&A of $71 million which is higher than our initial estimate by $8 million primarily because customer relationships and IP have a greater value than initially estimated; and tangible assets, therefore, increased, and goodwill has decreased. We continue to expect the transaction to be accretive on a GAAP basis by the year 2020, and the company is performing as expected. Quarterly Food & Ingredients segment results are expected to improve over the course of the year. Turning to slide 10, in Sugar & Bioenergy, we expect 2018 EBIT to be $40 million to $60 million, down from $50 million to $70 million based primarily on a lower sugar price outlook. Results are expected to be seasonally weak in the first half of the year and improve in the second half of the year. We expect full year Fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $25 million and adjusting for the Loders acquisition, we now expect CapEx to total approximately $700 million; depreciation, depletion, and amortization of approximately $690 million. And we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $255 million to $275 million and our full year tax rate to remain in the range of 18% to 22%, which incorporates the effects of U.S. tax reform. I'll now turn the call back over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Thom, and I am on slide number 11. As you've heard from Thom, the outlook for this year is very good for Bunge because underlying demand for agricultural products is so strong, it only takes very small changes in supply or demand to have significant impact. In 6 of the last 10 years, we've had some kind of events which changed trade flows and made our markets more dynamic. And after a couple of years of lackluster markets, this year, the event is that we do soybean crop in Argentina and the resulting increase in demand for soy crush capacity in Brazil, United States, and Europe. The improvement in crushing margins and shift in trade flows are significant and play to our strength. Many factors converged in 2017 to create the challenging conditions we faced. We believe the improved market conditions of this year combined with our global footprint and the benefits from the actions we've taken to be leaner and more efficient put us in a position to approach and even exceed prior peak performance and earnings power over the medium term. We therefore remain steadfast in our strategy of strengthening and leveraging our global footprint, connecting the integrated value chains in Grains and Oilseeds while growing the share of added value in our portfolio and driving significant efficiencies and simplicity in our operations. We have a clear sense of urgency to grow earnings and cash flows and getting our returns back above cost of capital. And with that, I will turn it back over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question is from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, David.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: A couple of questions here. So, first, in the $800 million to $1 billion in expected Agribusiness profitability, what is the level of crush margin that's assumed in there at the low end or high end?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. We are assuming from the, let's say, the prior guidance that we gave in February, where we took margins from say an average of roughly $25 to $30 another step from $30 to $40. And that is a weighted average of our crush margins in South America, U.S., Europe, and China, so about a $10 step-up to an average of about $40.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's terrific. And then on the mark-to-market of $120 million, can you give us a sense on how much of this would reverse out in the second quarter? Is it all of it or is it just about half?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: It is the majority that we'll benefit from in the second quarter, so maybe two-thirds.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: All right. That's great. One more question on the crush. So, Bunge has significant crush assets in Argentina, and of course, this is the area that was impacted by the short crop. Can you talk about the impact on those assets and then integrate that with the offsets that occur from your assets in other geographies?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean the net effect is obviously a significant positive. In fact, most of the increase in the guidance comes from the impact of the global rise in crush margins outside of Argentina. But even in Argentina, margins are better now than they were last year by quite a bit. And that has more to do, I think, with the industry running at disciplined rates considering the size of the crop and not getting ahead of commitments over and above what we're actually able to price from farmers. So, in Argentina, despite the lower crop, we believe we will have a decent year, but the impact of course in Brazil, in the U.S., and Europe – U.S. and Europe in particular, will be significantly positive.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then to build on that one question, and this is my last point and I'll pass it on. But in Brazil, last year, there were lots and lots of problems. It wasn't just a crush margin problem. It was just everything related to getting the crop out of there, take-or-pay contracts, pace of farmer selling. Can you talk to us about how the Brazil situation presents itself at this juncture here in early May and how different 2018 will be from 2017? And Soren, I'm trying to not make this a crush margin question but more about the specifics that happened in Brazil last year and really just trying to ask you how much better is the situation in Brazil today?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I would say it's significantly better. Couple of areas, the benefit in crush margins. This whole dislocation is obviously accruing partly to Brazil, but the other thing is that the industry and ourselves included are not on the wrong side of things. We are not chasing neither the farmer nor logistics to fulfill commitments this year as we were last year where everything just started out in the wrong way. We did what we said, build in a lot more flexibility in our logistics and our approach to the market and sort of let it play out. And that's obviously been the right decision to make. On top of that, the combination of a weaker real and some volatility but upward trending prices in Chicago has given the farmer a good reason to sell. So the selling pace in Brazil compared to same time last year is probably a good 10% ahead. So we created lot more liquidity at the farm level in Brazil combined with a lot more flexibility in our system and the result is a better outlook for sure.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Very exciting stuff. Thank you for the answers and I'll pass it along.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, (25:03).
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Soren, just building on your comments about $40 a ton in crush margins, can you talk a little bit about at what price level do we begin to see margin – do we begin to see demand destruction and at what price would DDGs become more attractive or substitute in favor of cheaper feed?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think that is more a question of the absolute level of flat price of soybean meal than it is necessarily a matter of the crush margin. And so far, although meal has taken most of the – made most of the margin increase, it is still not at the level where we feel that we are seeing any demand disruption or shifts to other proteins. In fact, the global marketplace is well supplied with soybeans. So, there's no real reason for the absolute level of flat prices to escalate. It's more really a matter of how the meal situation plays out. So far, we feel we're in good shape, but it is clearly one of those we have to keep watching as the year develops. There is a point, but it is not yet where competing proteins will eat into soybean meal demand. But I think we are still quite a ways from that point.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, and that's a fair point. I appreciate that. And taking that into consideration and the fact that Argentina will be – probably be back producing normal levels going into next season, Soren, can you talk about is 2018 as good as it gets, and you got to make hay while the going's good?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, we definitely have to do that, and we are. But the underlying belief we have in the global soy crush business is that it is a good one for the long haul. Capacity utilization will continue to increase even this year on a global basis, and we think that will continue for a number of years to come. And reality is that outside of China, we need roughly between 4 million and 5 million tons of additional soybean meal every year. And eventually, as the gap of excess capacity closes, we need to create margins that encourage expansion. You can say that's certainly the case at the moment, but it has to last. So, we believe that the soy crushing business will be a good one beyond 2018. Maybe there will be an adjustment down in margins that would be normal as Argentina comes back next year, but it will still be healthy levels and certainly much, much above what we experienced in 2007 (sic) [2017] (27:40), plus we'll have a full year of benefit instead of what really is three quarters this year. So, we feel very good about that. I mean, I think Agribusiness is back in a big way, and it's not just crush; it's the entire chain and the value of our footprint. And on top of that, we've got a lot of exciting things going on in Foods, as you know, and Competitiveness Program and so forth. So, there's certainly more to look forward to beyond 2018.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. I'll get back in queue in the interest of time. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Operator: The next question is from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hey, thank you, Soren. Obviously, things changed very quickly over the past three months for your outlook for Agribusiness, and I think you even said in your prepared remarks that it only takes very small changes in supply and demand balance to kind of alter the outlook for Agribusiness processors. And I guess that kind of raises a question. If we fast forward 12 months from now, and let's say Argentina has like a really strong crop again, do you think that the industry is better prepared to adjust for that outcome than it was before, or is it a situation where a very small change once again sends prospects the other way? Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think last year was a big lesson for everybody, and we aren't going to get into the same situation one more time. In fact, utilization rates in Argentina and across all of South America last year and the U.S. in crush were quite significant and should have resulted in much, much better margins than we actually realized. And we talked about a little bit earlier how the whole industry got on the wrong side of the farmer and the market, really had a ripple effect throughout the entire year. I think we know how to operate differently now. So, the underlying health of the crushing business is absolutely there beyond this year, as I just said. And we feel that 2019 in crush should be a very good year and beyond. So, yeah, I think we know how to anticipate this a little bit better and the flexibility we've talked about earlier is absolutely key.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And can I ask a question about that flexibility? I guess, there's no more take-or-pay contracts. What's the risk of separating yourself from that process? Is it that you're more vulnerable to the volatility in rail rates or freight rates in Brazil or what's the downside?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Right. Well, first of all, it's not like there are none. They still exist. We've reduced quite significantly. So, it's more a matter of sizing it and finding that correct balance between risk and reward. The risk of not having it all covered and the reward of having the flexibility. And every year, that's an exercise that we go through. We struck the right balance this year. And certainly, the thing that is clear is not just business as usual. This is something that you really have to evaluate carefully every year. It's one of the biggest commercial decisions you make ahead of a campaign. And I think we, as I said, we learned – we, in the industry, learned a lesson from 2017. And I think we are better equipped now to make the right judgments. But it's not like there are no take-or-pay. There are definitely and there will remain. It's just about how big they are and what is the benefit of going beyond the midpoint. So, it's a process.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. And just so I'm clear, these are commitments and contracts that you have with the rail lines in Brazil and...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, for travel. Yes. Okay.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And it's just a matter of how much you lock in in advance.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: It's just a – a much – matter of how much you commit to in advance.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: All right.
Operator: Your next question is from Heather Jones of Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Heather.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Heather.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Hi. So, was hoping you could help us understand a lot of – you read a lot in the media and we're hearing from some that there's concerns about the staying power of the improvement in margins and basically it seems to be a perception that it's all driven by Argentine weather. So I was wondering if you could walk us through some of the other fundamentals that are driving because it seems that the margins were improving well before the Argentine drought. So I was wondering if you could walk us through what are the dynamics that are driving this, that helps you have confidence into 2019.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes, of course. I mean the underlying belief in the crushing business is really all about crush capacity utilization driven by strong demand for meal and oil. And we've laid that out on a couple of occasions and it hasn't really changed. Every year, there is additional demand outside of China for roughly 5 million tons of soybean meal that will have to be fulfilled either by eating into the excess capacity that exists, and when that is depleted, additional capacity that has to come on-stream. So, historically, margins have responded to levels of capacity utilization. And once you get above the 80% level on average, interesting things happen. So as you correctly say, we were on the path for improving margins anyways before the Argentine crop development. And I believe that this year would have been a very good year for soy crushing irrespective of the Argentine situation. That only accelerated it and has put a little fuel on the fire, so to speak, for this year. But as we settle back into a more normal environment next year, we believe it will be at solid margins, significantly above what we saw in 2017. And then, we will, over this ensuing years, again, have to re-approach levels where encourage (33:56) expansion. So, it's really a – it's a story of capacity utilization, evolution over the medium-term, driven by strong underlying demand of protein and oils and, of course, in almost all regions in the world except for Argentina, ample supply of soybeans. So, it's kind of as simple as that.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: And hasn't there been a change and even before the drought, a change in Argentine behavior because of the loss to the U.S. market...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: ...and also there's just carry now built into the market because of the export tax regime?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. That is correct. We saw that starting to play out in this – in the last quarter of last year where the industry as a whole determined the risk reward of crushing unpriced beans was not a good one. In fact, in light of the changing export duty or tax, it was a very bad decision. And so, as we got into the latter part of 2017 and the beginning of this year, the crush rates adjusted quickly to about 60%, which was in line with what we could actually commercialize from farmers. And that led to a rather quick adjustment in crush margins. In addition to that, I should say, we and probably others took some actions back last August-September by curtailing crush. Part of it was in Argentina, part of it was in Europe, part of it was in Brazil to stem the over crushing that had taken place in Argentina during the period of last summer and that clearly had an impact as this whole situation evolved. So, there are things we can do and there are things we did to help ourselves adjust capacity and crush levels. And as you mentioned, the crushing in pace with farmer selling was probably the single most important thing that happened as we got into the fourth quarter.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. Two quick final questions, first, how much do you have built into your guidance for improvement in the Grains business? And secondly, how long should we expect that port to be impacted by the ship crashing into it and – the T6 port in Argentina?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We have been relatively conservative on the outlook for the grain origination for the balance of the year, and that's – I would say conservative is a good way to put it both in Brazil and the U.S. In the U.S., the picture for the second half of the year certainly September through December is significantly better than a year ago and that could present an upside. And in Brazil, farmer selling and the whole setup could lead to better margins. So, it's conservative. There's upside in that, which we'll hopefully realize as the year goes along. And regarding the port in Argentina, thanks goodness nobody got hurt. It was a pretty serious collision. One of the ship loaders got taken out, but it's one of two that served that facility. So, the facility is still operating, but at reduced capacity. And we believe we can channel the flows that otherwise would have gone through the second berth through some of our other installations upriver and it's kind of the advantage of having multiple sites. So, it shouldn't mean significant – we haven't taken that into account as a negative in our guidance, and we think we'll be able to work our way through, but the ship loader is likely out for several months and maybe until next year, next season.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay, but it sounds like you don't expect a meaningful impact on export capacity.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe a quick follow-up on, I guess, Heather's question on the guidance. So, the increase to Agribusiness, you upped the range about $275 million at midpoint. To be clear, that's entirely on Oilseed crush. There was no – you did not take up the Grains outlook at all with the guidance increase today?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. That's right. That's right. Thom?
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Exactly right.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And so, and remind – and so for the Grain, so why the conservatism on Grains given the farmer selling environment in Brazil? I mean, we have the soybean harvest in hand at this point there. I guess I understand that there is some uncertainty on the exact size of the safrinha corn crop, but help me frame kind of what would drive – make you still conservative here given where we are with the crop and the commercialization?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. It's just a matter of seeing how the next month or two plays out. Most of the beans we bought in Brazil, so far, have been allocated to crush because that's where margins were better. And as you said, the safrinha crop at the moment is still – it's definitely lower than a year ago. How much? We don't know yet. It's still early. So, we've just built in a little conservatism on that side. It certainly represents some upside for the year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, I guess, maybe switching gears on sugar, the plans on creating a stand-alone business and potentially IPO-ing it. I mean, how is – walk us through the process there and alternatives that kind of maybe were explored. Why now, especially given the sugar price environment which has deteriorated in the last few months. And help us think about how you would go about running that stand-alone or what kind of equity stake would you be looking to divest there?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, I think – I can take the first part. Maybe Thom can take the second. This – a little history or context is probably important. This will be the fourth year in our Milling business where we will be profitable. We spent the last three, three-and-a-half years making significant improvements to that business from a cost perspective, how we run it, how we manage risk around it. And we now have a track record, a lot of improvements, good work has been done. Free cash flow positive, EBIT positive. It's a business now that we feel can stand on its own feet despite the fact that it's been a challenging environment. On the sugar side, yes, prices are low but we have a fair amount of it hedged for this year and next but we feel equally strong that ethanol will be a good surprise this year. Fuel demand in Brazil is strong. Weaker real combined with higher global fuel prices should price ethanol at a premium and certainly higher than it did last year compensating for a lot of the weakness in sugar. So that combined with the operational improvements means that we still feel this year will be a profitable one. And from that perspective, what we are now exploring is whether or not that can be translated into successful market acceptance of a business like that. And it is the end of a piece of work that we started a little over a year ago and we now have that option available to us, one that we will exercise if we feel the price is right and value is fair, but not one that we have to move on. But the business can take a market environment like that which would be encouraging to any future investor. But as for the process from here, I'll let Thom describe what you're up against.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Sure. Hi, Adam. Hi, Adam. Yeah, the objective, as Soren mentioned, was to position ourselves to have the options available and be able to execute on them at the right time, based on our judgment of valuation. So, the process of preparing to potentially do an IPO started many months ago, as you can imagine. And of course, the sugar price environment changes over time. So, where we are is – and again, I don't want to say too much about the outlook or valuation or anything like that because we may be making a filing for a public transaction in the near future. But where we are is we've got a business that is – that can operate on its own, its own management, its own governance, its own risk processes, its own customer relationships. We just executed a financing, so it could – so it'll be – have the opportunity to finance itself on a nonrecourse basis. And we're in a position to move forward with either that public option or a trade sale if that happens to surface at a reasonable value. So, whether or not we actually pull the trigger will be a function of valuations, whether we think it makes sense at the time. Ethanol is a big piece of the picture here, and if we were to do a public transaction, we would be selling a minority interest. So we would continue to participate in the market dynamics for a period of time going forward. And so all those factors will come into our judgment at the time, but we – the objective was to put ourselves in a position where we had the options.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate all the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: The next question is from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. Soren maybe just to ask you on 2019, if we think back when you originally gave guidance, we weren't really talking about Argentina, we weren't talking about Chinese tariffs, but we were talking about a lot of the stuff that you've mentioned in terms of improvement in the underlying operating environment that it's, obviously, pleasing to see is playing out. But then we were talking about a $550 million to $700 million EBIT range. So, if we think about next year, and I know you don't want to give guidance but if we just sort of at a high level, should we be thinking a bit about what we were talking about before, about that $550 million to $700 million range, or what do you think?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No. I think that it will be higher than that. And again I don't want to put a number on it. It's too early, but it would probably be similar to the range we currently are discussing, knowing that it is still very early, and I don't really want to get into putting numbers on it but better than the initial look. That's for sure.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then you put your return slide up, but obviously there's a lot of noise in there because you've got three quarters of, I'll call it, the old environment. And you got a working capital build and you got mark-to-market and all that other stuff. So, where do you think the run rate, return on invested capital is? And based on your guidance for this year, where do you think your returns will wind up ballpark for 2018?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, we'll be above cost of capital which is at 7%. How much? I really don't want to put a number on it. A lot of it depends on inventory evolution at the balance of the year. But as you mentioned, one of the big things that's hurting the ROIC at the moment is the fact that we deliberately build up significant inventories, particularly in South America, in anticipation of this good environment. So, that's hurting us now. That should reverse as the year progresses. But by how much, it's hard to tell. The whole trade situation with China plays into this. But it'll be above the 7% and it should be a significant recovery from where we are now. This is a low point for sure. And so, as we replace a good Q2 with not a good Q of last year, you'll see that bump up fairly significantly starting already next quarter, all else equal. So, I think in terms of guidance, specifically, I think we just leave it at above 7% and then see how it plays out.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then lastly, you talked about some optimism on ethanol and I guess there are a couple of moving parts to that that I can think of that maybe you're referencing as well. There's obviously all these trade concerns between the U.S. and China right now. The one that gets center stage is obviously over what they might do with soybeans. But I think it's also plausible that they're going to buy less ethanol from us this year, in which case they probably buy more from Brazil. So, I guess, one, how much of that is a factor in your calculus? And then two, do you have any views as you think about separating the sugar business? China has made mention about wanting to go to a 10% ethanol blend and so forth and the different ways they could get there, whether it's they do it themselves or they import. But how does all that fit into your view of the ethanol outlook and your decision of what to do with the business?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We have not taken into account in our forecast for the year in the segment any impact on trade with China. The optimism we have around ethanol in Brazil is really just about the domestic equation and competitiveness between ethanol and gasoline. And, as you know, Petrobras is now adjusting prices on a regular basis. And so, the entire increase in global gasoline plus the weaker currency is being translated into better ethanol prices at the pump as the year progresses. So that's really all that's in the outlook, but it is a positive outlook. I don't know whether or not China would take any additional ethanol from Brazil or not. If that was the case it would be an additional upside. On the other hand, that might then open up the window for U.S. ethanol to go to Brazil. So that's a lot of moving parts that are difficult to put a number on. But the upside in ethanol, whether it is in the current market environment or whether it is through the encouraging signs of the biofuels policy that's under development in Brazil, those are definitely all positives for our business. In Brazil, 60% of what we produce is ethanol so we are skewed towards ethanol in our Milling business which is a good thing. And a future investor and ourselves as a significant remaining investor should look at that as a positive. So, I would think it supports a good valuation.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. I'll leave it there and congratulations on the better results and outlook.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Farha Aslam of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Farha.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Following on Vincent's question about the out year and outlook, could you share with us kind of drivers and growth rates you'd anticipate in the Milling and Edible Oils business?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes, we can. Loders, we believe, will be around 6% per annum going into next year. Our own Oils business should be – maybe a little bit less than that, 5%. Milling volumes have started to recover particularly in Brazil. It's hard to put a number on what it might be for next year because it is still so linked to the economic recovery. And so there's no straight line, but I would certainly hope that we would have an increase in our milling volumes in Brazil, this versus last, and then going into 2019 of probably 10%. So, that's about the growth rate we're talking about. In the Milling business, it's probably more about margins than it is volumes. And in the Oils business, I think the drive that we have towards higher margin added-value products is probably as important of a driver as volumes as well, and we feel pretty confident about being successful on that front, so, good strong growth in both margin and volumes in both Milling and Oils going into next year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Perfect. And the numbers you just gave us here, those are volume numbers or (50:31)?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Those are volume numbers. Yeah. Volume numbers.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And should we put higher margins on those volume numbers going – so would you expect...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I would say – in oils, I would say yes. In Milling, it is still in the making. We would like to have another quarter or two in Brazil to reaffirm that. The things from a margin perspective really are getting better. So, hold back on that one a little.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then just following on – when you think about Agribusiness going into next year, you expressed confidence about keeping earnings flat to next year despite Argentina coming back online. Is it because you expect your Grains business to perform better or your cost savings? What will allow you to offset the increased crush in Argentina so that we could keep earnings flat going into the next year?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Well, there are many aspects that I would say are more certain than not. One is the remaining $150 million of the Global Competitiveness Program that will come into play between 2019 and 2020. It is the reversion to some more normal market environment and margins in our Milling business, probably another $50 million. It is a step-up in our organic Oils business, as we just talked about, volumes and margins are favorable. And then it is Loders. Loders, as Thom mentioned, is a $35 million EBIT at the moment on a full year basis and that includes that step-up in depreciation. But on top of that comes business growth plus the remaining $65 million of synergies that we have plugged in for the next couple of years. So between all those factors, and not even talking about Agri business, there should be plenty of headroom for earnings growth next year and beyond. And in Agri business, as we just talked about earlier, we really have not dialed in a lot in terms of upside in grain origination for this year. We've been pretty conservative. And the same thing goes for distribution and freight and logistics. We've got a big business outside of – out of crush, including soft seed crush which we've also been reasonably conservative on for this year. A lot of this – a lot of the soft seed profitability depends on the crop size, which is still in the making. We're just planting the crops in Canada and in Eastern Europe, but that represents some upside as well. So, there are other things in soy crush that will make up for even a reversion back to something a bit more normal next year. So, we feel good about the total and the ability to grow from wherever we end up this year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, guys.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Ken.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Let me just ask the question a little differently. In your prepared comments, you said that you expect to be able to exceed because of your actions, you could expect to exceed prior peak numbers. Can we just explore for a second and say, all right, how much of the raise this year is actually because of corporate actions and how much is just because of the improvement in the operating environment? And then, can you quantify, is it either 2019 or 2020 of what you think that your earnings power has increased because of your corporate actions?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, from a commercial perspective this year is, in my view, a return to more normal than last year was for sure. Yes, the Argentine situation has accelerated things a bit, but people would have seen a nice step-up in earnings anyways. Insofar as corporate actions are concerned, we've got many of them. The biggest one is the Competitiveness Program. Thom, you can talk about that in some more detail, but between this year and last year, it's $100 million. And as I just mentioned, there's another $150 million coming. We feel very good about that.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Exactly. I mean, we've talked about that on these calls before, and we're tracking to plan. And as you can see, the slide we put in the deck is kind of a directional comparison to first quarter of last year. So, that's a significant driver of earnings.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: You can add to that, Ken, the continued focus we have in all the industrial and supply chain efficiencies. Maybe not every single dollar of that goes to the bottom line but, this year, its $80 million. And we've come off several years of having really improved the efficiency of our global footprint. We have more in store. So, that's another big chunk. And in terms of corporate actions, I would say that includes also investing in things that make sense. Loders is one of those. The crushing capacity we bought in Europe last year which, okay, admittedly, last year didn't feel so good, but it certainly feels really good right now. The Minsa – masa mills we bought earlier this year in the U.S., I mean, those were all – those are all corporate actions or decisions that will boost earnings over the next period. So, I don't know exactly how you want to add all that up. But there is structural improvement both from a cost and a strategic perspective that will flow into the P&L, part of it we see this year and part of it will come next year and in 2020.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, you add that all up and is it fair to say you think that, again, you called 2020, it sounds like it's almost at least $500 million, if I was just jotting down stuff. Is any of that probably only call it 75% to 80% will actually flow through to the bottom line. Is that how to think about it? I'm just trying to conceptualize. I asked the same question yesterday to a similar competitor...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): ...and I was just curious to see the difference, but it almost sounds like you think that more of your investments will get to the bottom line?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think we do feel that way and the order of magnitude that you just described is about right and I think actually matches up fairly well with the ranges that we gave at Investor Day a year and something ago. We don't feel any of that has changed really. So, you go back to that and you'll see both Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients playing out in those ranges, so yes.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And just my final question is on the potential sale the sugar business, I don't know if you could comment on this, but have you gotten greater interest from Chinese entities given the expansion of the ethanol program in China? Is that because – in the U.S., we had a poor company get bought by a Chinese company, do you think there is a similar propensity for a Chinese company who want to take a Brazilian ethanol company?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I don't think we have a strong view on that at the moment.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you very much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: So, no comment on it. Yeah. Sorry about that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): No worries. Thanks.
Operator: The next question is a follow-up from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you. On the mark-for-market, Thom, I think you said that it all reverses in the second quarter. So, that makes me think that Bunge does not have very much hedged in crush in Q3 and Q4. Is that the right takeaway? And if so, Soren, why would that be the right position at this point in what looks like an incredibly strong crush market?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. So, what I said is about two-thirds would – we would benefit from in Q2 and the rest for the balance of the year. And in terms of how we put capacity on and sell it over time, it's a dynamic process. We clearly would typically have more for capacity sold in the nearer term and less going out further. And that's all a function of our view on markets and risk return, as well as liquidity in the market to actually transact. And so depending on what's available from a financial perspective or a customer perspective, we layer in these sales over time through a portfolio of contracts and that's what gets mark-to-market. So, I would say we are – we have a relatively balanced portfolio of future capacity that we have begun to sell going forward. It's heavier in the near-term and lighter in the second half of the year.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: You gave a bunch of numbers, but can you just pull it together for me? What's the accretion dilution effect of Loders for the partial year here in 2018?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: So, yeah. Let me just maybe just back up to the starting point, which was the original investment piece, time back to the call we had on this which was the first year $105 million of EBITDA, $15 million of synergies and DD&A of about $63 million with the step-up that we had at that point in time. And that would have resulted in on a GAAP basis, dilution of $0.06 or so in the first year. And that's basically where we are. We're consolidating 10 months for the first year and you could call it probably $0.06 or so of dilution. And we also said that it would be accretive by year 2020 and as a percentage of our overall EPS in that year. That, of course, depends on what the EPS for the rest of the company is. But on the call we had at that time, we sort of landed on $0.30 in 2020 of accretion. And so, assuming the investment case plays out as we had anticipated, and we have no reason to believe it won't, you can kind of extrapolate what a 2019 would look like, maybe slightly accretive on a GAAP basis.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: There are no other questions at this time. This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thanks, Kate, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Really appreciate it.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-14 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - IR Soren Schroder - CEO Tom Boehlert - CFO
Analysts: Ken Zaslow - Bank of Montreal David Driscoll - Citi Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc Heather Jones - Vertical Group
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I now would like to turn the conference over to Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, please go ahead.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Keith and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we've prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer and Tom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren Schroder: Thank you, Mark and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. We’re on slide number 3. 2017 proved to be a year of significant market and industry challenges, with the exception of edible oils, where we earned a near record profit. It was not what we expected coming into the year, with a variety of factors developing negatively as the year progressed, crush margins, sugar milling prices and volumes in particular.  We started the fourth quarter on a strong note, but much weaker soy crush margins in the Europe, Brazil and Argentina and origination margins in Brazil led to an approximate $100 million shortfall in November and December versus our expectations. And in sugar milling, nonstop rains in the quarter curtailed crush by approximately 700,000 tons, increasing unit costs and reducing volumes with an effect of about 40 million. Foods performed as expected. That said, our teams around the world have done a terrific job this year, executing the strategy that we laid out for investors in December 2016. And they’ve done so in a very challenging environment under a variety of pressures. It’s a testament to their professionalism and their commitment. We have a lot to be proud of. The reengineering of Bunge is significant and is well underway to simplifying how we work, while reducing costs. We executed on a number of strategic acquisitions in both ag and food in the past year, enhancing our footprint and improving our future earnings potential as conditions normalize. And with Loders Croklaan, we were able to secure a transformational acquisition, which we expect to close during the first quarter and once completed, will make Bunge the leader in global B2B edible oils.  Despite the very challenging market environment and weaker than expected earnings, we were able to generate nearly $1 billion of adjusted funds from operations. This was sufficient to fund another increase in dividends, ongoing CapEx and part of the acquisitions we closed during the year. And our strong balance sheet allowed us to secure funding for the Loders Croklaan acquisition immediately after the announcement at very favorable terms. So, a very difficult year in terms of earnings, but many great strategic achievements, which collectively will make us stronger.  Shifting now to an overview of our business segments. Agribusiness faced significant margin challenges with soy crush margins averaging approximately $5 a ton lower than 2016 and over $10 a ton lower than the three year average. This was primarily due to weak soy mill demand as competing proteins took market share and excess crushing in Argentina, which pushed destination soymeal stocks to the highest levels seen in many years. In grain origination, margins were compressed due to farmer retention and lack of logistics flexibility, in particular in Brazil where industry players had over committed sales and logistics coming into harvest, forcing aggressive competition for product despite poor margins. In food and ingredients, after a strong year in 2016, our wheat milling business in Brazil faced margin pressure due to the large domestic wheat crop, which increased the supply of lower cost flour in an economy where consumers are still very price sensitive. And in sugar and bioenergy, after a record 2016 EBIT and cash flow, our sugar milling results in 2017 were negatively impacted by lower sugar and ethanol prices as well as higher unit costs from adverse weather late in the year. Yet, our milling business generated approximately $35 million dollars of EBIT and 30 million in free cash flow in the year. As mentioned, a bright spot in 2017 was our edible oils business, where we’re gaining traction with both global and regional key accounts. Through its tight linkage with agribusiness, we have a superior global footprint and significant supply chain capabilities. This combined with a well-organized global approach to key accounts is driving growth in both volumes and margins in food service, industrial and baking segments. When coupled with Loders Croklaan, our combined footprint will solidify our position as a leader in B2B oils. Also in 2017, we made considerable progress on a number of important operational areas. We made great strides in the implementation of our global competitiveness program, exceeding our $15 million target for this year by 25 million. We delivered $110 million of industrial and efficiency benefits, exceeding our target by 10 million and we continued to be disciplined stewards of capital, reducing CapEx $188 million below our original 2017 target of 850 million and we reduced our cash cycle by 3.5 days, allowing us to grow volumes by approximately 10 million tons, while holding working capital relatively flat compared with last year. In sum, we remain and will continue to be laser focused on the strategic priorities, which will drive improvements in our commercial and industrial operations, while also reducing cost. Now, turning to slide 4, looking to 2018, there are a number of factors that we expect will lead to year-over-year improvements in all segments. This starts with the inputs we can control and a continued emphasis on cost and efficiency. In 2018, we expect $100 million of SG&A savings compared to a 2017 baseline, driven by our global competitiveness program and an additional $80 million of industrial and supply chain improvements. We're not forecasting a quick rebound in agribusiness, but we are seeing signs that the soy crushing environment has begun to turn. Starting in late December, soy crush margins have improved significantly on the back of reduced crush rates in Argentina, as farmers held back supply and declining global soymeal stocks. Protein demand is up at both origin and destinations and soymeal is again well priced in feed formulations. If this continues, which we believe it will, 2018 should be a much improved year in soy crushing. At the same time, we have significantly reduced our take or pay logistics commitments in Brazil. This will provide us with increased flexibility and is expected to lead to improved origination margins. All the agribusiness macro drivers are supportive. Growth of the global middle class and the underlying demand for protein and vegetable oils and growth in oil seeds processing and global trade, all of which point to improved asset utilization and therefore margins. Though we anticipate continued softness in Q1, we expect improved conditions throughout the remainder of the year. In flour milling, we expect a return to growth in 2018, following the strength of our fourth quarter volumes in North America. We’re also pleased to be adding two new corn mills to our US footprint that we recently acquired from Grupo Minsa. And in Brazil, we believe we've seen the worst in wheat milling with the economy on an improving track and much reduced domestic wheat crop, which we expect will be sold in improved margins and EBIT, starting in the second quarter. In edible oils, we will build on the strong 2017 by substantially increasing the breadth and depth of our product portfolio with the acquisition of Loders Croklaan. Edible oils is a strong and growing category as demonstrated by the solid underlying performance of both our own and Loders businesses. We firmly expect that along with the $80 million of commercial and supply chain synergies, we will lift our edible oils performance significantly as we integrate the two operations, bringing us to the targeted 35% to 40% of Bunge’s earnings from added value in the medium term. The teams on both sides are looking forward to demonstrating our combined capabilities to customers upon closing, expected later this quarter. And finally in sugar and bioenergy, we are making progress with our strategic objectives to reduce exposure to the sugarcane milling business. We have prepared the milling business for financial separation and we’re in advanced discussions to sell our interest in our renewable oils joint venture to our partner as well as exiting our global sugar trading activities. Our global sugar trading team is highly professional and has done well, serving our clients for several years, but given the strategic direction of the milling business, we believe it's better to focus all our efforts on the grains and oilseed value chains in agribusiness and food. So all in all, a challenging year, but we remain confident in our strategy and the capabilities of our teams around the world. Though the first quarter is expected to remain weak, there are signs of normalization in global soy crush, wheat milling and continued growth in oils, all pointing towards restoring earnings in 2018 and growth beyond. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Tom who will take you through a detailed review of our results and the outlook.
Tom Boehlert: Thanks very much, Soren and good morning everybody. Reported fourth quarter loss per share from continuing operations was $0.48 compared to earnings per share of $1.83 in the fourth quarter of 2016. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.67 in the fourth quarter versus a $1.70 in the prior year. Pretax notable charges totaled $100 million during the quarter, primarily resulting from the costs relating to the competitiveness program. And net tax notables totaled $86 million, primarily resulting to the impact of US and Argentine tax reform. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $55 million compared to $403 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, segment EBIT was $155 million. Agribusiness adjusted results decreased in the fourth quarter with EBIT of $78 million compared to $237 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. This resulted from a $100 million decrease in oil seeds and a $59 million decrease in grains. While there were a few bright spots, such as crush in the US and Canada, overall, crush margins during the quarter remained depressed. In soy crush, for most of the quarter, structural margins were impacted by an oversupply of soy meal and destinations, which built earlier in the year as Argentine crushers overproduced at a time when other unusually low price competing proteins were available. However, conditions improved toward the end of the quarter as reduced crush in Argentina brought global soymeal supply into better balance with demand. This has had a particularly positive impact on soy crush margins in Western Europe and Vietnam. Compared to last year, higher soy crush results in Brazil were more than offset by lower crushing results in Europe, Argentina and Asia. In the US, structural margins were good and generally as expected, but slightly lower than last year.  Soft seed crush results were lower than last year, as better results in Canada were more than offset by lower results in Europe. Results in oil seeds trading and distribution were similar to last year, however, margins remained weak due to competitive pressures and limited dislocation opportunities. The decrease in grains was primarily due to lower origination results in South America due to tough competition for old crops supplies and farmers delayed pricing of next year's crop. Results in US origination were lower than expected, but slightly higher than last year, primarily due to effective positioning. Results in grain, trading and distribution were similar to last year.  So overall, agribusiness results were lower compared to the same quarter last year, primarily as a result of lower margins, which were only partially offset by higher volumes. Food and ingredients adjusted EBIT was flat at $70 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2016 and $6 million higher than the third quarter of 2017. Edible oils adjusted results improved by $4 million compared to the fourth quarter of last year, primarily due to improved performance in North America which benefited from higher margins and lower costs. Results in Brazil were slightly higher, also benefiting from lower costs and higher volume, but margins in Brazil continued to be under pressure, particularly in the higher value categories. Partially offsetting these improvements were slightly lower results in Europe and Asia. Milling adjusted results decreased by $4 million compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily the result of lower margins in Brazil. The large domestic wheat crop from earlier in the year, which increased competition, combined with continued reduced customer pricing power for milling products pressured margins. Costs in the business continued to come down and with a smaller domestic wheat crop this year as well as an improving economic scenario in Brazil, results should start to improve. Partially offsetting this decline was strong end of the year performance in US corn milling, which benefited from increased volumes and margins. Mexico results were comparable to last year. This is the third quarter in a row that our Mexico milling result is now running at historically high levels. Sugar and bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was a loss of $8 million versus a profit of 30 million in the prior year. Results for the quarter were lower than we had anticipated. Crush volumes and sales were negatively impacted by poor weather and unit costs were higher as a result. For the full year, sugarcane milling results were profitable, but lower than the prior year, primarily due to lower ethanol and sugar prices, which were only partially offset by higher sales volumes. Average ethanol prices were lower by 16% and average sugar prices were lower by 14% as compared to the prior year. Results in our biofuels joint ventures were comparable to last year. Sugar trading and distribution results for the quarter were approximately breakeven, but up from last year. As Soren mentioned earlier, we’re in the process of exiting our sugar trading business as well as divesting of our renewable oils joint venture interests. These two activities generated an EBIT loss of approximately $40 million in 2017. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT was $15 million in the fourth quarter compared to $25 million in the fourth quarter 2016. Last year's results benefited from the reversal of an $11 million provision related to tariffs on natural gas consumption. Excluding this provision, results were slightly higher than compared to last year. We recorded a $16 million notable charge during the quarter, related to the restructuring of one of our facilities in Argentina where we closed three production lines that were no longer competitive. Our full year tax expense was $56 million. Adjusting for notable items, the tax expense for the full year would have been $49 million, a 13% effective tax rate. The tax rate was lower than the range of 18% to 22% mentioned on the third quarter call, primarily due to the mix of earnings and discrete items. The fourth quarter included tax charges of $60 million relating to a provisional estimate for the impact of US tax reform, $6 million relating to Argentine tax reform and a $20 million net valuation allowance. The $60 million US provisional estimate included charges of $105 million, relating to the accumulated foreign income and $27 million for withholding taxes related to the future repatriation of those earnings, partially offset by a $72 million benefit, resulting from the revaluation of our deferred tax liability. Now, let's turn to slide 6 and our cash flow highlights. We generated $884 million of adjusted funds from operations in 2017, down from last year's 1.5 billion, primarily due to lower earnings. While this is well below our long term trend, it does demonstrate that even during the year of historically poor agribusiness fundamentals, Bunge has an enduring ability to generate substantial cash flow. Let's turn to slide 7 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating as well as access to committed liquidity, sufficient to comfortably support our agribusiness flows. We are BBB rated by all three rating agencies and we had $5 billion of undrawn available credit and $601 million of cash at the end of the quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long term value to shareholders. We’ve continued to reduce CapEx spending, investing $662 million through the end of the year compared to $784 million in 2016, $140 million of total related to the sugar business, primarily for sugarcane planting and productivity improvements. We invested $369 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of two European seed processing plants in the first quarter and we paid $297 million in dividends to shareholders and minority interests, a $14 million increase in dividends and common shares as compared to 2016. During the fourth quarter, we extended our existing $1.75 billion credit facility scheduled to mature in August 2018 to December 2020. Our next debt maturity is in June 2019. Let's turn to slide 8 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four quarter average return on invested capital was 4.4% overall and 5.2% for our core agri and foods businesses, 1.8 percentage points below our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost of capital on the agri and foods business. Let's turn to slide 9. We announced the competitiveness program in July. The program is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure, to drive efficiency, enhance our ability to scale the company and realize significant additional value from our platform. We’ve planned to achieve an annual run rate reduction in costs of $250 million by the end of 2019. The reduction will be roughly split between indirect spend and employee costs and would reduce our addressable SG&A from a 2017 baseline of 1.35 billion to 1.1 billion by 2020. Since the end of the third quarter, we’ve reduced headcount, including by 18% in the management ranks, consolidated five geographic regions into three, completed and are now implementing organizational design changes for all segments and functional areas, established 2018 spend and organizational savings targets and cascaded them throughout the company, developed a shared service strategy and established a plan to implement zero based budgeting for our next business planning cycle. As previously stated, we had targeted 2017 SG&A reduction of $15 million. The actual 2017 savings of $40 million exceeded that target, resulting in actual addressable SG&A of $1.31 billion for the year with a cost reduction roughly split between employee costs and indirect spend. We incurred $55 million in SG&A related program costs in 2017. We continue to target a $100 million reduction compared to the baseline in 2018, resulting in addressable SG&A of 1.25 billion, which is an incremental reduction of 60 million compared to 2017. Let's turn to the 2018 outlook on page 10. As discussed earlier, we continue to focus on the drivers we can control. The impact of the competitiveness program and industrial savings have been incorporated in the outlook. The effect of Loders has not. Starting with agribusiness, the livestock industry continues to be strong, creating consistent demand for protein feed. Soymeal pricing has become more competitive as compared to DDGs and feed wheat, which is expected to increase soymeal demand. Meal stocks in the origins and destinations have been drawn down to more reasonable levels and the crushing rate in Brazil has slowed down and we expect the industry to crush more in alignment with the pace of farmers selling than in 2017 and we've reduced logistics commitments in South America, affording us more flexibility to adjust to farmer selling patterns. We believe these dynamics will result in improved crush and origination margins as compared to 2017. Based on these factors, we currently expect 2018 EBIT to be in the range of $550 million to $700 million. Though we expect softness in Q1, we see improvement throughout the remainder of the year and with crush margins expanding, we could see significant negative mark-to-market impact at the end of the first quarter, which would reverse in subsequent quarters. In food and ingredients, we expect segment results to improve as we progress through the year, resulting in EBIT in the range of $260 million to $280 million. Our outlook for year-over-year growth reflects an increased volume of higher value added products, growth in sales to key customers and improved results in Brazil wheat milling.  In sugar and bioenergy, turning to page 11, we expect 2018 EBIT of $50 million to $70 million. We've assumed no contribution to EBIT from either sugar trading or the SB Oils joint venture in this outlook. Results are expected to be seasonally weak in the first half of the year and we expect a loss of approximately $40 million in the first quarter due to the low level of opening inventory going into 2018. We expect full year fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $25 million. We expect our effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%, including the impact of US tax reform, which is expected to improve our effective tax rate by approximately 2 percentage points. We expect CapEx to total approximately $650 million, depreciation, depletion and amortization of approximately $625 million and we expect net interest expense to be in the range of $225 million to $245 million. I'll now turn the call back over to Soren.
Soren Schroder: Thanks, Tom. We’re on slide number 12. And before we move to Q&A, I'd like to summarize a few important points. First, we're proud of our team and our accomplishments. We took on a major restructuring and a significant acquisition in a very challenging environment. Both will position us well in the future. We have an unrivalled global footprint in both agribusiness and food and we have a clear strategy aimed at perfecting that global footprint and increasing the share of value added activities. With the acquisition of Loders, we will accelerate this growth towards the 35% to 40% share we've been targeting for some time. We expect market headwinds in agribusiness to subside and in our biggest business soy crush, there are clear signs that they are already. As that happens, our strategic and operational actions of these past couple of years will position us to restore earnings this year and for growth beyond. Finally, as we've all seen in the media reports both in recent weeks and last spring, surrounding our potential role in industry consolidation, as we have said consistently and as I know you understand, we can’t comment on the market rumors or speculation. And with that, we’ll now turn it back to the operator and to your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And the first question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Ken Zaslow: I just have two questions. When did you come up with your guidance for 2018? Was it like at the end of the year or is it most recently? And if I were to look at the most recent last two weeks, if I were to draw that forward to that sustainable, how would that change your outlook.
Soren Schroder: It's evolving to be frank. The process of preparing for this call is over many days and weeks and there's no doubt that sort of every day that has gone closer to the call and where we are right now, the environment in agribusiness in particular has continued to improve. It's not easy to put a finger on exactly what it means for the full year. But there's no doubt that it's a different tone and a different feeling in this segment, particularly in crush than it would have been a month ago let's say.
Ken Zaslow: So when did you put together your guidance, a month or so ago or does it incorporate the last 10 or 15 days where again?
Soren Schroder: Yeah. I know what you're getting at. It incorporates half of the last 15 days and that would point you towards the upper end of the range, if it was to continue. But, we're still early in the year, early in the quarter. We’re all expecting that we will see a more structural improvement in crush as we go through the year, but this is all happening very, very quickly. So we're being a bit cautious in not getting too far ahead of ourselves.
Operator: Thank you. And then next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Driscoll: So two questions. One just about the strategic changes. Sugar trading and the specialty oils joint venture, so trading was historically positive. So I'm not exactly clear why you’d really want to shut that one down and I'd like to just hear a little bit more on that one. On specialty oils, I believe you've been in that joint venture for many years and even as recently as I think it was in October last year, you guys had a press release out talking about the progress of the commercialization of the new algae fish feeds and it seemed like it was progressing. Why are these businesses being shut down and does it, Soren, is it just as simple as hey, look, the company is under tremendous pressure, EBIT is not coming in where you want it. So you're pulling in the range a little bit in getting out of some things that have higher volatility, i.e., sugar trading and/or a long roadmap before oil is ever going to go positive. So you just close these things down right now. Is that the way to look at it?
Soren Schroder: Well, I'll put it slightly differently although you have some of the elements. It's really about focus and it is about moving along the path in the segment that we outlined already several years ago. As far as the renewable oils joint venture is concerned, you're right. It's an investment we've had for a number of years and we've continued to contribute to it. The outcome of it so far is different than how we initially expected it to be. Initially, it was focused on developing specialty oils, tropical oils, equivalents through algae. That turned out to be not necessarily the best path. The cost point was too high and it developed and evolved into a specialty feed business, which is interesting and it is making good progress and it has successes as we described last year in October, but it's not core to us. And for that reason, we've decided that it was better if we could hand this over to our partner at the moment and then focus additional capital spending on our core activities.  Sugar trading, we got a good team. They've done a great job globally, but it's a hyper competitive business. We've been struggling over the last year to generate enough gross margin to cover our cost. We haven't had any negatives, but it's an expensive operation to run globally and structural distribution margins in sugar are just very, very, very narrow and it is not strategic to our milling business, in other words, what we intend to do with the milling business does not depend on having a global sugar trading set up. We can handle the risk in the merchandising from within the sugar milling business. So, concluding around all those factors, we simply decided that it was time to really focus on what's core to us, which is agribusiness, foods, grains and oilseeds and get on with it in a good way. 
David Driscoll: In agribusiness, I believe the guidance for the year had been changed in the third quarter to 425 to 500, fourth quarter implied guidance was then like 175 to 250, actual is something like 63 million I think. You’ve mentioned there was an oversupply of soymeal globally in the press release, in your comments. I am not trying to beat you guys up here on the forecast. I'm trying to understand how things changed so much. We all have a lot of difficulty forecasting. Can you just walk us through a little bit here on how you have that view in the first month of the fourth quarter and then just kind of what changed and is there some good industry metrics that would really point to the pressures because it's really sizably different than how it looked? So this almost goes back to the optimism on the previous question, everything was great today, but I feel like we've been in this little cycle of, there's some optimism at some point, but then a couple months later, it really changes a lot on us and it's tough on the outside, given that level of volatility. So appreciate any comments you can give us just on how the fourth quarter went and again what things you think that we can see on the outside that would just help us track better, given the volatility?
Soren Schroder: Thanks, David. Yeah. Well, the fourth quarter was a disappointment. There's no doubt about it. But we started out very well. October was a very strong month and gave all of us confidence that we were on track for the guidance we've given, a quarter that would be in the $300 million range in total. And that some of the actions we have taken in agribusiness already starting back in August, September, i.e., deliberately reducing crush rates, both in Europe and Argentina were beginning to take hold.  And as it turned out, in November and December, both soy crush in Argentina and Europe and also soft seed crushed disappointed. The part of the capacity that we have not locked in, we ended up selling at significantly lower margins that we had anticipated at the end of October. That was really the major variable, the total impact was about $100 million. Origination margins in Brazil for November and December also turned out to be less than we had expected as people were completing some other take and pay commitments and essentially originated grain through that period with zero gross margin. So those were the elements. I think it's very hard on the outside to see how that all plays out on a day-by-day basis, but I think those who followed cash crush margins around the regions that I talked about would have seen that they weren't really getting better. Now, the good news is that they are. So we were off on timing, I suppose, by a bit, but the recovery we have seen now in crush margins in really globally have been on the back of reduced crush rates, more discipline in the industry and continued growth in demand and that's playing out right in front of us now. And so even though we may have some negative mark-to-market in Q1, this is all really good news and we're all, at the moment, working on projecting how far out into the year we can secure and lock up some of these better margins and that's why also the range in agribusiness is pretty wide. We don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves, but there are certainly many things that are pointing in a good direction at the moment.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Just a question about the outlook and the take or pay, I guess, reducing your activity in that. I think that is an effort by you to reduce your exposure to some losses that occurred in 2017. But by taking this step, are you also kind of sacrificing your ability to lock in forward distribution margins in 2018 with customers that you otherwise would have taken and is that part of the reason for the more conservative outlook as well, just that you don't -- you want to go by the spot market, rather than locking margins.
Soren Schroder: Well, your comment is right. If you want to go more by the spot market, I suppose, it’s a good way to put it. But the alternative is not necessarily locking in that margins in origination, it’s quite the opposite. So, we’ve taken the stance that for origination and export, particularly in Brazil, we have to find a way to price a margin. Otherwise, we will be willing to sacrifice some market share. And we place whatever we can originate ourselves with goods from third parties that we will then bring to our own destinations, be that soy crushing in Europe or China, et cetera.  So just a very pragmatic way to running the system. We've got a record crop coming off in Brazil again. There's no reason why we should be handling all that with zero gross margin. So, we're just building in more flexibility. I think it will turn out okay. At the moment, most of the origination in Brazil is heading towards crush at good margins and we will see how it plays out as we get into March and April where more of that flows will be directed towards export. What we think we will get back into some positive margins again. So we just don't want to lock ourselves into a situation where we will be forced to originate at negative margins as was the case for most of the industry last year. There's no reason for that.
Robert Moskow: And just so I'm a little more clear, I guess, when you are locking in at negative margins last year in origination, did that flow through your export distributions or your crush margins domestically or it doesn't really matter either one?
Soren Schroder: It probably doesn't really matter because we can move whatever we buy to either channel, all depending on where the best margins are and it's not like we go out and lock in negative margins in advance. We wouldn't do that. That's exactly what we are not doing now, but because ourselves and others have made significant commitments to rail transportation and other types of logistics, when farmers selling disappointed, you still have to fulfill those contracts and that meant you have to essentially pry the grain away from farmers at margins that ended up being negative and we are avoiding that this year.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Does it just speak to an overall more challenging environment that you're in, just that there's a lot of grain supplies on the market, farmers have a little more leverage, better financing, more flexibility as to when, or at what price they sell at and that's the situation you're trying to cope with. Is that a fair assessment?
Soren Schroder: I think the entire industry and certainly ourselves are trying to adjust to a new environment. Last year was a big wake up call for everybody and all the factors you mentioned from storage, better balance sheet, the previous years of profits allowed a different type of marketing pattern everywhere really and we had collectively not adjusted to that. In my view, as we now go into another record South-American, at least Brazilian crop, margins and the way the market operates will normalize and we will get paid a margin for what we do. It may not be as big as it historically was, but we will get back to more normalized type situations. What we do, the services we provide, starting in the deep interior, originating grain, conditioning it, transshipping it, bringing it to the port, loading it onto ships and all the risk of logistics that we take in the middle deserves a margin. And I'm sure that we'll get it, but it'll be likely different than it was maybe four years ago, but it will be positive and not negative.
Robert Moskow: Soren, last question. Does consolidation in the processing and handling industry help foster a higher margin environment, just generally speaking you think?
Soren Schroder: Not necessarily. Maybe in some areas, but broadly speaking I'm not so sure. It's a fairly fragmented business with barriers to entry that aren't all that significant. So it's more about how you run your assets that determines your profitability. So, there are certainly pockets where that is the case, but on a global scale, I'd say probably not.
Operator: And the next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Maybe continuing on the discussion on the outlook, the 550 million to 700 million in agribusiness. Just maybe a little bit more color on the grains versus oil seeds components of that and really just trying to think about the 2018 outlook versus the long term where before 2017, the expectation for agribusiness was, hey, this is long-term into the $800 million to $1 billion, $1.1 billion range. We're still below that even after we’re starting there and some of the benefits of the cost programs. Help me think about where ’18 would still be falling short relative to that longer-term raising you’ve previously been in and expected to stay in or above.
Soren Schroder: Right. What we have dialed into the current range is really just a pickup in global soy crush margins, about $5 a ton give and take from the very depressed 2017 level and gets you close to $200 million delta. And then some normalization in grain origination in South America in particular, call it, 100 million to 150 million. So that gets you in the midpoint of that range. Beyond that, we know that, that gets you back to sort of the baseline margin in 2016 in crush and beyond that we are convinced that the market will still have to price higher margins as capacity utilization continues to tighten in the face of global growth in demand of both oil and meal. So beyond that, we see that there's another $5 to $10 of margin improvement over the next two to three years. And then the question is really, can grain origination in South America in particular, but also in the US, get back to some kind of normal and there, we have been more cautious for the reasons we just talked about. We are coming out of a difficult year where a lot of factors meant that grain origination globally was a real struggle. We’re taking a different approach as we just described and we think that we’ll work, but the degree of that is yet to be seen. Global trading and distribution has been and was last year depressed. It was profitable, but it was nowhere near the types of earnings that we enjoyed in, call it, ‘14, ‘15, ‘16 periods, simply because abundance of grain and oil seeds and proteins everywhere, no dislocations meant that our ability to shift demand from one origin to the next and use our footprint optimally just wasn’t there. That can come back any moment, but we have not dialed much in for that either, just out of prudence. Any dislocation any place in the world of any consequence would bring that global distribution capability into light again and make it very profitable. It's been an important part of our profitability over the years. So those are the things that weighed into the range that we gave and the one thing that we feel fairly confident about at this stage and it's growing every day is the soy crush outlook, which is admittedly our biggest business.
Adam Samuelson: And then on the sugar side, it fell short in the fourth quarter. I understand the weather was very disruptive to operations as you move through the fourth quarter. But just trying to think about the ’18 kind of outlook, the puts and takes, kind of, how much it has just and what's still a fairly constructive view despite a fairly strongly real and lower sugar prices, it's just the ethanol mix and ethanol prices in Brazil that gives you the confidence, cane that wasn't crushed, just help me bridge those pieces a little bit.
Tom Boehlert: Yeah. Hi. Going from ’17 to ’18, we have an increase of about $20 million in crush results and milling results, plus about $5 million benefit from the competitiveness program. And that takes us to the midpoint of the range basically that we gave. The bioenergy results are basically offset by allocations, cost allocations. And so going from the sort of 35 million to 55 million in milling, half of that is roughly volume increase and so getting back to a 20 million plus -- million tons of crush and making up really for what we missed in the fourth quarter. And the rest is ethanol price, ethanol prices are up fairly significantly, sugar prices are slightly down. In terms of hedging, we typically hedge about two-thirds of our sugar and of course none of our ethanol. There is not an effective way to hedge ethanol. So, we’d look at price volatility at the moment. We're kind of maxing out on ethanol, given the relative price. And so you can kind of figure out what a sensitivity would be using those ratios with the change in ethanol and sugar price. And the improved ethanol price going into 2018 was really driving the positive price variance.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And just one quick clarification, the comments that expecting a week are a soft first quarter in agribusiness. Does that already include some elements of mark-to-market on pressure, is the mark to market, potential mark to market an addition to where this generally is soft outlook?
Soren Schroder: I would say that it was -- agribusiness was probably a continuation of what we saw in Q4, that type of run rate, at least up until now, it still -- the quarter is not over yet. So, a softish first quarter and mark--o market would be on top of that.
Operator: And the next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Most of my questions have been answered. Just on the sugar business. Are there any dissynergies that we ought to think about that might impact the other businesses post any actions you take in that business?
Tom Boehlert: No.
Ann Duignan: And then on the origination business in Brazil, I mean, if that business has structurally changed, farmers have learned how to trade the market or hold the market, Soren, are you satisfied that you've really addressed the root cause of the problem or are we just putting a Band-Aid on the problem and hoping that moving to spot purchasing is going to fix the underlying problem?
Soren Schroder: Well, I mean, you have to adjust as market conditions tell you to. I think the big thing that has changed in Brazil, compared to let’s say a couple of years ago is that so little of the farmer selling is done in advance. That's the biggest single change. We used to walk into harvest with 50%, 60% of the crop already bought in advance and when you do that 6 or 12 months before the harvest, the ability to price a reasonable margin, both to the farmer and to ourselves, is significantly better. I would expect that to come back. It's a combination of Chicago futures and currency that has led us to where we are right now. So the ability to manage forward risk on behalf of the Brazilian farmer is still very much there and I think these last couple of years are, it's just a moment in time.  At the same time, we're doing everything we can to add value in how we deal with farmers. We have a very elaborate network in Brazil, we’ve invested in some minorities, Alvarado as you probably saw announced last fall is one of them. We’ll be partnering up with local originators and help bundle services to farmers, ranging from fertilizers to crop protection to financing to risk management tools, so that we can help farmers be profitable and in return eke out a bit of a better structural margin.  That's working well, but it's work in progress, but it's just something we have to do as it's happening everywhere else in the world and I think that with the reach we have in Brazil, that will be a successful way forward. So I don't think it's broken. I think we've gone through a -- just a difficult period of time and we'll get back to more normalized profitability and hopefully this year, we’ll be one step back towards normal. I think it will be.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: I know that the ink barely dry on the most recent cost cutting program, but obviously the year didn't play out the way that you thought. So I guess my question is, the $1.1 billion SG&A target, a few years from now. Is that the absolute lowest that it can go or if the status quo persists, the low end of guidance this year, if that outcome -- is that once of being the outcome, you think there's another round of cost actions that’s possible to take or are you kind of near the bone if you hit the 1.1.
Tom Boehlert: Hi. We're still early in the program. We exceeded the in ‘17. And we have the plan in place to achieve the 100 million in ‘18. As we get into the sort of shared service activities, we'll be able to better assess what we can make more efficient in the company and any related cost savings from that. But at this point in time, I think we're comfortable with the numbers we have put out and as we move through the program, we will be looking for additional opportunities and updating you as we go.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. As a follow-up on the cost savings, I think the last quarter, we talked a bit about the potential FX impact to it and you sort of said you could quantify it this quarter, so if you could just help us understand you a swing in the real might move that number around this year.
Tom Boehlert: Yeah. The FX impacts were not really material last year. So if you look at a swing in the real, let me do it this way, a 10% change in overall FX across the board would lead to probably a $30 million to $40 million change in SG&A.
Vincent Andrews: And then just on, there is some noise brewing on the trade front between the US and China, reading some stuff about soy grain already, maybe corn eventually would go to soy if it escalates. What's your assessment of what's going on and I don't recall us having one of these issues for a few years. So how do you think it would impact the agribusiness environment if we do get into sort of elevated trade issue with the Chinese?
Tom Boehlert: Well, I think, having a global footprint and a presence, very, very strong presence in the primary origin, which is now Brazil is a good thing in that kind of an environment, but I really hope it doesn't happen. It's better that [indiscernible] figure out good things and the US still represents a significant part of China's over 100 million ton import needs. So you would think that somehow that would all be figured out, but there is a lot of noise and some disruptions in the supply chains coming out of the US where that's relating to foreign matter at load or discharge or non-GM, et cetera. I’d say so far, it hasn't cost big turmoil. If it persists, it should get priced into the margin. But I would expect that given the significance of the US as a supplier to China that this could be worked out. If it doesn't, we've got plenty of teams in Brazil.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam: First, a question on IOI Loders. Your interest expense that you pointed us to, does that include financing for Loders?
Tom Boehlert: No. None of the outlook includes Loders impacts.
Soren Schroder: Yeah. We plan to give that update in the next call once we’ve closed and all the adjustments and so forth. So none of the numbers that we presented today includes Loders.
Farha Aslam: And then for global soy crush, it seems like the improvements really started with Argentina. Could you tell us what caused the Argentine crushers to pull back on crush and how sustainable that current crush level is and what would cause them to increase crush again?
Soren Schroder: Well, I think the biggest factor that’s played into sort of the reduction in crush rates in Argentina has been the pace of farmer selling and that crushers, like ourselves, have decided that we're not going to crush and export products from unpriced beans, and so -- which was very contrary to how last season started and which we created that excess glut of soybean meal, the industry essentially crushed unpriced beans and exported the products.  And did that in a very, very low margin environment and it was a very expensive lesson, because soybeans were in a carry and so you ended up fixing soybeans much later at higher prices, so not a good economic outcome for most crushers in Argentina last year and I think what's happening now is just sort of what should be happening, you crush based on the current margin and you don't take excess risk unless the margin is really extraordinary and it isn't yet.  I mean we’ve bounced back to the mid-20s, which is okay, but it's not exceptional and it is not enough to warrant taking the risk of crushing and exporting unpriced beans. And so as long as a farmer is relatively conservative in his pricing of soybeans and at the moment with the potential crop issues, it seems like they will continue to be, I think we’ll walk into the second quarter with even lower global meal stocks and it will actually take the Argentine crush to ramp up significantly in the second and third quarters to keep us from getting down to very uncomfortably low levels. So we will need Argentina to crush at a higher rate once we get into Q2 and Q3. So I think that's what's happened.
Farha Aslam: And my final question has to do with the RenovaBio program that’s been passed in Brazil. Is that so far impacting ethanol demand in Brazil and will that impact the valuation you're able to get for that sugar business?
Soren Schroder: Well, it’s early days and the details of the program are not known. That’s still I believe to be worked out over the next 12 months or so, but there seems to be a very clear commitment to improving or increasing the amount of renewable fuels in this fuel blend in Brazil. And as we all know, the car fleet in Brazil is flexed and so it makes all the sense, I would think, to an investor in sugar milling, this would be a very nice long-term positive, but it would be hard to quantify the effect of it right now, but it would definitely be something that would solidify and give courage to an investment in the business where -- in our case 60% of the production goes to ethanol.
Operator: And the next question comes from Heather Jones with the Vertical Group.
Heather Jones: I have a few questions, but just really quickly what proportion of your cost savings in 2018 do you estimate will be allocated to the agribusiness segment.
Tom Boehlert: About 65% goes to agri, 30% to food and ingredients and 5% to sugar.
Heather Jones: So that was my – so it leads to my second part of my question. If you adjust for the cost savings, your guidance and then resolving the whole take or pay issue and the rough numbers that we put around that, it seems like you are assuming even at the high end of your agribusiness guidance for ’18, a relatively modest increase in profit per ton and crush. And so I was wondering if you could help us understand, are there some negatives in ’18 that we're not aware of that will offset some of these improvements, if you could help us think about that.
Tom Boehlert: Well. The way that I guess we can try and build a bridge together, I’m doing it off the top of my head, but if the starting point is 320 and we say that we will have a recovery of roughly $100 million or so in grain origination in Brazil, based on the things we said, it could be more, we don't know yet and roughly $5 a ton on soy crush, which is what we're currently projecting, I have to say that at the current moment, if the margins we're seeing now for the next 60 days would hold, then that $5 would become much more than that, but that's what we've used. That's between 150 million and 200 million. And then you have the effect of the competitiveness program, which would be roughly 60 million. So that gets you in that sort of the upper end of the range, which is how it looks now. And could it be higher? It could. But last year, frankly, it was such a shocker to all of us in trying to predict profitability that just don't want to make the same mistake.
Heather Jones: I was thinking about the competitive program plus the SG&A, the 180. Is two-thirds of that in agribusiness?
Tom Boehlert: Oh, the 180. I think you are including the $80 million of continuous improvement. That's all industrial improvements and supply chain logistics improvements. We are not assuming that all of that flips to the bottom line. Typically, only half of it does, but it's a guess really. So the $100 million is the combined effect of ’17 and ’17 of the competitiveness program, of which 65 will go to agribusiness and we do believe that will translate into the bottom line, but you can't take the 80.
Heather Jones: And then what we're seeing in crush right now, how would you, in your view, how is this different from the run up that we saw in ’16 and what gives you confidence that it has staying power.
Tom Boehlert: In ‘16, soybean meal divorced itself from everything else and ran up even more so than what we are seeing now, whilst every other ingredient collapsed in price, feed wheat was one example. Europe, I think that year had a terrible crop. So it was more extreme. You had real divorcing itself from every other feed ingredient and those were growing in abundance and diving in price. So it was a complete stretch. There is a danger that soybean yield gets ahead of itself. I mean, I'm not saying that this can go on forever. I want to also suggest that we're not there yet. The soybean meal is still well priced in formulation even after the recent run up and has a bit more room to go, other ingredients have followed to a large extent.  It’s something that we watched very carefully, but it is different and we have come out of now really since that second quarter in ’16, we have recovered from that effect, maybe last quarter was a good quarter in terms of overall soybean meal consumption, both at origin, but also in trade and we believe that as we get into the second and third quarters this year, meal trade will grow in a healthy way again, which it didn't last year. So it's a different environment and we think it's therefore more structural and should stay with us.
Heather Jones: I'm glad you said that, because the way I've been looking at relative pricing, it does seem like the excess speed wheat and DDGs that we saw, those issues have resolved itself. So when you talk about the improved crush environment, you talked about slowing origin time crush and all, but do you think that increased meal inclusion and feed rations has played a major factor as well.
Soren Schroder: I think it has helped. Those things have helped. The combination of a reduction in crush in Argentina really is starting I guess in October, November last year, continuing now into the first quarter, combined with better meal trade and better overall demand, both of those things have had resulted in global meal stocks coming off their peak and indeed they were significant.  We’ve built a mountain of meal during the second and third quarters last year that we have, I think, we talked about that on one of the calls that we have taken action back in August already and reducing all crush rates because none of it made any sense and subsequent, I think, others followed and that combined with better demand got things into place. I mean, we we're not assuming for a good crush story for the balance of the year that Argentina crushes a 50% throughout the entire year.  We need Argentina to crush more at some point, likely in the second quarter when their harvest comes in to full speed. So we need Argentina to produce at much higher rates than currently to not draw meal stocks down to levels that are unsustainable. So it's a combination of good demand and a bit more discipline is really what’s brought us to where we are now.
Heather Jones: So final question, what you're saying about needing Argentina echoes what I've heard from talking to other players. And if you do the numbers, they're needed, but do you think the industry will remain disciplined and not forced to crush higher, unless the farmers are willing to sell. I mean, how should we think about you get into that situation where Argentineans need it, how should we think about industry discipline about crushing relative to margins?
Soren Schroder: It's very difficult to tell, Heather. My view is that, last year was a very expensive lesson for the industry in Argentina and we will follow the pace of farmer pricing throughout the year and there's no economic incentive at the moment to take risk beyond that. Margins aren't good enough in Argentina to do that. So I don't think that will happen, at least not at current margins, maybe if they go to $60, who knows.
Operator: And the next question comes from [indiscernible] with Baird.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you guys for taking the question. Most of mine have been answered already. I was just wondering if you could maybe provide additional color on where we're at in the separating sugar process and what your options are there and any update would be appreciated.
Soren Schroder: Well, what we've done is we have now separated or we are in a position to separate the business financially and therefore transact rather quickly and the options that are in front of us are several. It could be an IPO, it could be a partial sale, a full sale, a partnership. We are currently looking at several options. Very importantly, we feel that we have now three years under our belt where the milling business has been profitable, solidly profitable and even last year with all the adversity in bad weather and lower prices, we proved that we could generate a strong result and free cash flow. So we believe we've tested and stood the test of the milling business through several different environments and with three years of performance behind us and a good team, we think the business is ready for something better and we have no doubt that the outcome of that will be better than it would have been if we had done the same three or four years ago. So that's what it means.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse, a follow-up.
Robert Moskow: Just very quickly, you said that you expect a $5 per ton increase in your soy crush margins in 2018. Does that get you back to normal soy crush margins or do you still expect below normal in ’18?
Tom Boehlert: That gets you back to sort of a 2016 type level, roughly $30 a ton and we believe that's the base from which we should then grow. That was really the base from our Investor Day back in December ’16. We felt that on top of that, there was $5 to $7, $8 a ton of margin improvement as capacity utilization clearly is improving and need to move to a level by which you encourage additional investment over a period of three to four years. So we’re back to the base.
Operator: Thank you. And as there are no questions at the present time, I would like to turn the call to Mark Haden for any closing comments.
Mark Haden: Great, Keith and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Group
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Bunge Limited 2017 Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Haden, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thank you, Andrew, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we've prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Thom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. We're on page number 3. Our earnings in the third quarter were higher sequentially and year-over-year, although they continue to be impacted by market and industry headwinds. As a result, we're reducing our earnings guidance for the year in the Agribusiness and Sugar & Bioenergy segments, the details of which Thom will discuss later in the call. While the business environment remains very competitive, we can see signs of improvement and are taking proactive steps in areas we can control, such as costs and CapEx, engagement with customers, and integration of new businesses. We believe these initiatives will make our business more resilient and better able to respond effectively to changing market conditions. The Competitiveness Program, which we announced in July, is well underway and some of the early decisions we've taken are already having a clear effect. We're tracking towards the lower end of the $700 million to $750 million range in CapEx, and our industrial and supply chain savings are on track for $100 million reduction for the year, with $30 million achieved during this quarter alone. While the Competitiveness Program is about reducing cost, it is also about making Bunge more agile and efficient over the longer term. In September, we announced the acquisition of Loders Croklaan, and expect to close that transaction in the first half of 2018. We are eager to move on with the integration and to introduce the improved global platform to our customers. There's exciting growth in all of the B2B segments from food service to human nutrition, and our customers are looking for increasingly complex solutions to the functionality of their ingredients. The growth potential in Asia, South and Central America, Eastern Europe, and the Middle East is significant. Closing this transaction and ensuring a successful integration are key priorities as we head into 2018. The shortfall in the Sugar segment results is frustrating and a reminder of how challenging the global sugar environment is. Our Milling business is performing solidly and is expected to reach between $70 million and $80 million in EBIT this year. We've turned the business around to be structurally profitable under most conditions. The business can stand on its own, and we're now in the final stages of completing financial separation, so we can move quickly to realize value from the business at the appropriate time. We'll keep you informed. Meanwhile, we're confident that we can improve segment performance in 2018 through our current restructuring efforts and by turning our renewable oils joint venture positive. Please turn to slide number 4. For Agribusiness, this has been a challenging year. Many of you are asking if this is a new normal or just a low point in the ever-changing Agribusiness cycle. Unfortunately, there is no simple answer. Some of the challenges in the first half of this year were related to the tactical decisions industry participants made by committing to logistics and forward sales in anticipation of record South American crop, a dynamic we don't expect to recur next year. The oversupply of crops in almost every region, static trade flows, little incentives by consumers or farmers to price forward, and low price volatility are all cyclical factors, which have pressured margins, but we would expect that to change in time. The underlying macro demand drivers of our biggest business, soy crush, are intact, and we're confident that utilization rates and margins will improve. Similarly, growth in trade of grains and oilseeds is solid, and we expect that supply will adjust to demand either through lower or reduced acreage because of poor farm economics, or some kind of crop disruption, such as those we're already seeing signs of in wheat. Corn and beans will follow. In oils, continued strong growth in demand and lower expansion in palm production is pointing to tighter oil stocks, which could drive demand for softseed crush. The point is that the markets are working and will remain dynamic even if it doesn't seem like it at the moment. Changes are taking place along the value chains as well. Farmers are more sophisticated and have greater financial capacity than before, downstream users are sourcing their raw materials in different ways, and new technology is changing how food and feed is produced. All of those changes represent opportunities for those such as Bunge, who perform the fundamental role of connecting farmers to global and local markets. Combining key farm inputs like crop protection, seeds, fertilizer, financing, and risk management to help farmers grow their business, it's an area of focus for us in all the regions, and especially in South America. Supply chain integration, specialty crush, strong sustainability programs, logistics, and risk management tools are important value drivers and selling points to most end users in feed or food. We are seeing clear signs of that as we continue to build our downstream businesses, and in B2B oils in particular. A winning footprint is the base upon which we can layer services and margins by ourselves or in partnership with others, and we are optimistic that solid structural margins will follow. There's a lot of optionality embedded in our Agribusiness footprint, a footprint we continue to improve. A current example is our partnership with SALIC in Canada, where we're well underway to creating the country's leading export network. We have broken ground in Vancouver for the new export terminal and several interior sites are under construction. In short, we are filling the missing piece of our global network in a capital smart way, with a first class partner giving us access to nearly 5 million tons of future export flows from both coasts of the country. So, as much as this has been a humbling year from an Agribusiness earnings perspective, we should not forget the very positive underlying macro drivers of global trade and food consumption, the important role we play, our world class footprint, and how little it takes to change global commodity balances. The outlook for Agribusiness in the fourth quarter is for improvement driven by North America and Brazil, and we believe that 2018 will be better than this year. How big an improvement is difficult to predict, but the macro drivers are supportive and the industry learned an important lesson this year in getting too far ahead of the large crops. We feel very good about the prospects for our Food business, Oils in particular, but also in Milling. Oils performance is expected to accelerate significantly with the Loders integration and along with our organic growth initiatives should move us to the 35% of earnings mix from Food & Ingredients in the medium-term. In Milling this year, we experienced a nasty combination of events in Brazil, with very sluggish consumer demand and increased competition from the larger domestic crop. Many observers believe that the Brazilian economy may have bottomed out and there are prospects for significantly reduced wheat crop in both Argentina and Brazil, which should place a premium on our enhanced footprint. In Mexico, Milling is back to 2016 run rates and we have several new customer initiatives, which give us confidence in the good finish to the year and into next. So we'll have a good finish to a tough year with more improvements to come in 2018. The challenges we face this year are making us a better company, and we have our hands on the levers we can control and they are significant. And now I'll pass it on to Thom for an update on the financials and the outlook.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Soren, and good morning, everybody. Turning to the earnings highlights on page 5, reported third quarter earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.59 compared to $0.79 in the third quarter of 2016. Adjusted EPS were $0.75 in the third quarter versus $0.73 in the prior year. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $175 million versus $213 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, total segment EBIT was $204 million. Agribusiness results improved in the third quarter, with adjusted EBIT of $127 million compared to $83 million in the third quarter of 2016. This resulted from a $9 million increase in Oilseeds and a $35 million increase in Grains. Global soy crush volumes were higher than in the comparable quarter last year, but the impact was partially offset by lower margins. Oilseed trading and distribution results were higher, driven by higher volume and effective risk management. Softseed crush volumes were comparable to the same quarter last year, but margins were slightly weaker. Margins were comparable in Canada, but lower in Europe as a result of higher seed prices and weaker oil demand in Russia. The increase in Grains adjusted EBIT was primarily the result of improved origination margins in Brazil and Argentina and stronger risk management results. Margins remained weak in destinations, with customers continuing to cover only short-term needs. Volumes in both origination and distribution were comparable to last year. Overall, Agribusiness results improved compared to the same period last year, primarily as a result of improved soy crush volumes, origination margins, and risk management results. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT decreased $8 million to $64 million in the third quarter compared to $72 million in the third quarter of 2016. Edible Oils results improved by $4 million compared to the third quarter of last year, as a result of improved margins and lower costs in most regions. The increase in volumes resulted from recent acquisitions in Europe, but margins were lower in that region as a result of weakness in certain Eastern European countries. Milling results decreased by $12 million compared to the third quarter of last year. The decrease was primarily the result of lower volumes and margins in Brazil. Reduced purchasing power and domestic wheat supplies have reduced demand and increased competition from Milling Products. In response, we've adjusted capacity, reduced costs, and shifted our marketing strategy. Sugar & Bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was $8 million versus $35 million in the prior year. Results were negatively impacted by lower ethanol prices and below forecast results in our trading and distribution operations. We're taking steps to restructure the trading and distribution operation to reduce costs to a level that would make the activity profitable. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT was $5 million in the third quarter compared to $9 million in the third quarter of 2016. The year-to-date tax expense was $2 million. Backing out the effect of notable items totaling $49 million, the year-to-date tax expense would have been $51 million, a 22% effective tax rate. Based on our forecasted mix of earnings and discrete items, we continue to expect our tax rate for the year without notables to range between 18% and 22%. Let's turn to slide 6 and our cash flow highlights. We generated $1.2 billion of adjusted funds from operations in the past 12 months, demonstrating our ability to generate substantial cash flow even in a challenging Agribusiness environment. Let's turn to page 7 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating, as well as access to committed liquidity sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are rated BBB by all three rating agencies, although we were recently moved to negative outlook by Moody's. We had $4.7 billion of undrawn available committed credit and $389 million of cash at the end of the quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital to CapEx, portfolio optimization, and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We invested $485 million in CapEx through the end of the third quarter, of which $127 million related to the Sugar business, primarily for sugarcane planting and productivity improvements. We invested $369 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of two European oilseed processing plants in the first quarter, and we've paid $207 million in dividends to shareholders. During the quarter, we renewed an $865 million five-year revolving credit facility and issued $600 million of 10-year notes and $400 million of 5-year notes to provide funds to complete the Loder's acquisition, which we expect to close by the middle of 2018. We had arranged a three-year $900 million bank facility to backstop the funding of Loder's, but canceled it after the note offering. Let's turn to slide 8 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four quarter average return on invested capital was 5.4% overall and 6.1% for our core Agri and Foods businesses, 90 basis points below our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost of capital on the Agri and Foods businesses. Moving to page 9, we announced a Competitiveness Program in July. The program is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure to drive efficiency, enhance our ability to scale the company, and realize significant additional value from our global platform. We plan to achieve an annual run rate reduction in costs of $250 million by the end of 2019 through reducing spend across all major categories globally, implementing zero-based budgeting, streamlining our head office, regional and country operating structures, and consolidating activities through the use of shared services. The reduction will be roughly equally split between indirect spend and organizational changes. And we reduced our addressable SG&A from a 2017 forecast rate of $1.35 billion to $1.1 billion by 2020. Since the end of the last quarter, we have implemented policies to reduce spending this year, reduced head count by 150 people, and implemented an early retirement plan in the U.S., begun organizational design blueprinting for all segments and functional areas, which will be completed by the end of this year, and assigned spend category sponsors and owners, who will establish and implement new spending policies and procedures by the end of this year. We're on track to reduce addressable SG&A by at least $15 million this year and have incurred $13 million in severance and program costs through the end of Q3. We expect to realize approximately $100 million of savings in 2018, approximately $180 million in 2019, and achieve the full run rate savings of $250 million by the end of 2019. The total cost of the program, including CapEx, is estimated to be approximately equal to one year of total savings, plus or minus 20%. We will track the impact of the program on SG&A going forward to demonstrate both the progress and sustainability. Let's turn to the 2017 outlook on page 10. In the Agribusiness, soy processing and origination margins have continued to be below our expectations. We've seen a modest improvement in margins during October and would expect full-year EBIT from the segment to be in the range of $425 million to $500 million. We expect the Food & Ingredients business to continue seeing good year-over-year improvement in Edible Oils, but only a gradual improvement in Brazilian wheat milling, resulting in EBIT between $210 million and $230 million for the year. Based on a lower sugar and ethanol prices, our sugar trading and distribution results and higher than anticipated losses at our SB Oils joint venture, we are reducing our full year segment outlook to be in the range of $45 million to $50 million from $100 million to $120 million. This outlook anticipates sugar milling EBIT of approximately $75 million for the year. We expect full year Fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $25 million, and we expect CapEx this year to be at the low-end of the $700 million to $750 million range, and we plan to reduce CapEx in 2018 to approximately $650 million. I'll now turn the call back over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Thom. We're on page 12. So before we move onto Q&A, I just want to summarize a few points that are important. With our integrated global agribusiness and food platform, Bunge continues to be well-positioned to capitalize on favorable long-term economic and consumer trends. We have a clear strategy in place and we are focusing on what we can control with aggressive actions to improve our cost base, increase agility, and improve the balance of our business. Looking ahead, and although these are early days, we are starting to see more favorable conditions. Based on these and the steps we're taking to improve our business, we expect improved results in the fourth quarter, which will give us momentum as we enter 2018. And with that, we'll now turn it over to the operator and take your questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. The first question comes from Ken Zaslow, Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hello, Ken.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I have two questions. One, I'd say, can you talk about the impact of new capacity coming online in the U.S. and how will that affect the U.S. crush margins and will you be able to structurally get back to your U.S. crush margin? And the second thing is, as you've seen the environment change over the last year since your Analyst Day, can you talk about have you changed at all your earnings power, and to what extent are things within your control versus not within your control and being able to create value?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, Ken. Regarding the U.S. and crush capacity, there is marginal capacity coming on, brownfield capacity coming on over the next year or two. But it is in the context of very, very strong domestic demand, U.S. meal demand, and so the well-being of the meat producing industry is very solid, exports are strong. So I don't believe that the additional capacity that's coming on over the next year or so will have a material negative impact on overall U.S. crush margins. I think it's more a matter of how the U.S. is positioned for meal exports relative to all the other origins, and of course, the size of the bean crop, but the U.S. should remain a solid performer in soy crush. As to your second question, I don't think that long-term or even medium-term the earnings power of our platform, let's say Agribusiness, which is probably where you're directing most of the questions, has changed. It's clear that we are in the middle of or maybe at the end – beginning of the end of a multi-year down cycle in Agri with mounting global stocks and competition on every corner. But the drivers of our outlook that we presented back in 2016 really was the increasing utilization of crush capacity in soy in particular. And although meal demand this year globally trading – let's say, global trade in meal was a little disappointing, it is still very much intact going forward. We think next year will be better than the past and we will slowly, but surely, eat our way into excess capacity, and that should drive utilization and margins up. And grain handling, where the industry participants in general, including ourselves, really handled most of the very large South American harvest for very little margin, because we all got a little bit too far ahead of ourselves, I think that will return to more of a normal situation even next year. And the services we provide, so long as we do it efficiently, are very much needed. The infrastructure we have invested in globally, we continue to invest in places like Canada, is absolutely essential to the workings of the global markets. So I have no doubt that the medium-term earnings power of our Agribusiness franchise is intact, but the current point in the cycle is, obviously, putting a bit of a damper on all this. And then there are many things we can control. Thom spoke about the Competitiveness Program, which is a major deal in Bunge. It is really a re-engineering of the entire company with a big cost benefit as an outcome, but it's more than just cost. It's how we operate. And that is a big piece of the, let's say, bridging the gap in timing between where we are now in the cycle and a better place in a short while. And then we are taking action strategically, as we said we would, in creating a better balanced business. The Loders acquisition is a big step in that direction and will get us into a better place relative to contributions from the various pieces of earnings streams. 35% has been our target for a while in terms of added value contribution and with Loders we get very close to that. So I think there are many things we can control. I think we've spent a lot of effort on creating partnerships around Ag that will help us accomplish our goal of the perfect global footprint, in a capital smart way. Those are also under our control. We're executing on those. So, yes, it's a tough moment in the cycle, but I really believe that there are many things that are under our control and a lot of this is self-correcting.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll of Citigroup. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: So just a couple of questions to follow-up here. Agribusiness and Oilseed crushing, I wanted to just ask a little bit about South America, a question on Europe, and then fourth quarter question, but it's all related. South America, pursuant to your explanation about maybe being a little bit more optimistic next year, I guess I want to push back a little bit on that and say that if your conditions this year were that the industry had too much logistics booked and we understand that many of these logistics contracts were multiyear contracts, do you really expect a material improvement in South American – it would be both Grain handling and merchandising and Oilseed operations in the second and third quarter next year. And I'm just curious if you would have that optimism, given the fact that these take or pay contracts were likely multi years and it seems like we could be in store for a repeat next year of what we just had this year.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. What's your second question?
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: No, let's start there. I mean, I can give them to you all in a row...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. All right. Okay. Yeah, fair enough. All right. Well, I don't want to get too far ahead of myself in saying that things will be dramatically different next year, but I can only speak for ourselves. And we have enough flexibility in our, let's say, logistics setup that we can see entering next year's crop season in South America with a lot more flexibility than we had this year. I think others are following similar paths, but I can't comment on that. Yeah, some of these contracts are multi-year, but they're all within tolerances and ranges, and we have, as you know, a footprint in Brazil that allows us great flexibility. So I do think it will be a different season this year. We certainly will be very disciplined in how we go about originating and logisticating grain and crush with a view to earning a fair margin for what we do, which we did not earn last year. So I do believe on the margin, it'll be a better starting point, Dave.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: On Europe, can you just talk about the changes that happened this quarter, and do you expect any improvements in European crush in the fourth quarter or in the first quarter next year? And I only picked that because I'm just trying to look six months forward.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right. So European soy crush margins were poor this past quarter, much worse than we would have anticipated and that, of course, is directly linked to the, let's say, over-crushing and building up meal stocks, particularly in Argentina in the second and also partly in the third quarter. Those margins are linked by logistics. So Q3 was poor, but ourselves and, I believe, others have adjusted run rates in South America. We've done it both in South America and in the Europe, and we are beginning to balance meal stocks in a good way. Oil stocks are very snug, so in reality we do need crush to supply a very tight oil market. But meal stocks are balancing, and I believe that'll continue through the fourth quarter. So, we've seen European margins bottom out here at the end of the third quarter, and they're looking better – not great, but they're looking better for the fourth quarter, and margins in general in South America have picked up a bit as we got into the fourth quarter here. Believe that will continue into the first quarter of next year. Argentine farmers in particular have a big incentive to carry their – part of their old crop into next year, and their new crop at the moment looks like it's delayed a bit, won't be available until sometime in March. So the first quarter should see less competition out of Argentina, lower run rates, and that should give Europe a reasonable start to the year, and Brazil as well, assuming that the crop is on time. So I think it looks a little bit better, but we're certainly not where we had hoped to be if you go back six months ago.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And then, Soren, can you guys just clarify of the guidance change in Agribusiness, which I think is down on the low-end about $125 million? How much of that was just third quarter actualization? And really what I'm getting at is, how much of your fourth quarter implied guidance, how much was it actually reduced in the updated guide here?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, it's a little bit of both. Some of it is – I don't know, Thom, help me out $25 million, $30 million of that is probably Q3 relative to expectations, and the rest is Q4.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: And it is mostly around global crush margins not being as good as we had anticipated. They're better, but they're not as good as we had hoped back in the middle of the summer.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you, guys. I'll pass it along.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Thanks, David.
Operator: The next question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yeah, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe first continuing in Oilseeds, and, I guess, I'll push back a little bit on the capacity utilization questions, because what I'm struggling with is there is investment that's going on in the industry in the U.S. Board crush has been in the mid-80s to near $0.90 range. Cash crush hasn't been there. You guys haven't been able to achieve margins commensurate with that, nor have some of your bigger peers. And I'm trying to think about where's the disconnect that's driving the investment. Clearly you guys don't really want to be adding capacity. You want to improve capacity utilization. Yeah, there are dollars flowing into this sector, and I guess the corollary to that is as I look forward, you have some biodiesel kind of fluctuations in policy with the U.S., with the tariffs in Argentina, Argentina now being able to export to the EU. That would point to an oil-driven crush, and the impact on meal and the impact on overall crush margins would seem to be a net headwind for you guys. I'm trying to reconcile all that.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Well, board crush sort of in the $0.80 to $1 range is what we've been for the last – for the fourth quarter for quite a while, and actual cash margins at the moment are at least that. So that's what we are experiencing. I can't comment on others, but cash crush margins going into Q4 here are pretty much as good as we expected them to be. So the U.S. continues to be a bright spot in global soy crush, driven primarily by very strong underlying meal and oil demand; oil primarily from the biodiesel sector, meal clearly because the downstream parts of the chain are profitable and expanding and doing very well. So that is also what has attracted some of the marginal expansion that's taking on right now. It's not an avalanche of new capacity. It seems like it is very localized, smaller type of expansions that are taking place, not enough in my opinion to upset the balance so long as meal demand continues to grow, which it is set to do. I think estimates for meal demand in 2018 are up – continue to climb up, let's put it that way. So I think the U.S. remain a solid piece of the equation.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And, Soren, I mean, I'm going to clarify that – on the question. It's more a full-year comment. I mean, the fourth quarter is always a good quarter for cash crush. I mean, I'm talking about the whole year, and I don't think your crush realizations this year – I mean, certainly first quarter for North America would be in line with those kind of numbers.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think what you experienced in the second and third quarters this year in North America, but in many parts of the world was the effect of the flows of ethanol byproduct that – products that used to go to China, that now this year because of the ban on imports backed up in the U.S. and in other parts of the world substituted some of the domestic meal consumption that we otherwise would have had. If it hadn't been for that, we would have had a fantastic year in domestic meal offtake. It was still a positive year, but not as strong as it would have been without the change in flow of DDGSs. That is now behind us. And I believe even with that incorporated going into 2018, soybean meal demand will grow strongly. That was what disturbed the little piece this year Q2 on Q3. Looking into next year, we feel good about the U.S. structural crush margin overall. And as relates to your question with biodiesel flows and demand for oil, it is true that – sort of complicated mix between import duties and quotas and mandates between Argentina, Europe, and the U.S., but the fact, I believe, is that overall biodiesel mandates in the world continue to grow. In Brazil, they are growing, in Europe they are growing year-on-year, and in the U.S. they are at least flat, possibly higher. And that is driving a demand for oil, and that will mean that we will need to produce or crush a higher rate of soybeans in the coming year in the U.S. to stem what will be a very strong oil market. That could very well mean a higher oil share, which would price meal at levels that would improve the inclusion in formulas back to the levels where it was in 2015 and 2016. In fact, that's kind of what we're hoping for. Meal has been a bit out-priced relative to other ingredients really since the beginning of 2016. So maybe that will be the window that allows meal to lose a little bit of relative share to oil as we get into next year. I would look at that as a total positive, not only in the U.S., but also outside.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And just a clarification question, because I think in response to David's question, you said the fourth quarter Agribusiness reduction was mostly on crush margins not being as good as you thought in the middle of the year, but you just talked about the U.S. being good. So is that...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: ...an ex-U.S....
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, that's basically....
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: ....function, where it's Argentina?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: It's Europe and Argentina. Those are the two places. Brazil, U.S. are fine. Argentina and Europe, to put it bluntly, is where the issue is and they are tightly connected meal prices itself off mostly Argentine crush.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. Just, I guess, in your outlook for the Food & Ingredients business for heading into 2018, can you give us a sense as to what the main drivers are for getting back to your normal kind of growth rate? I know you're not giving specific guidance, but other than cost efficiencies, what really drives the growth of that business on a volume basis and to what extent does the Loders transaction help escalate that?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. So we're not including in our outlook Loders, although that will clearly be a nice boost when it closes, but since the timing is uncertain we are putting that aside for now. But the – our Oils business without Loders is growing nicely. We have a very intense focus on added value products in our Oils portfolio in Europe, in North America, also in Asia, very intense focused on global key accounts. We've had some significant successes over this past year that as we roll them forward into 2018 and 2019 show nice growth with customers we have not done business with before. We're becoming a better operator of the global B2B Oils business already without Loders, and with Loders, obviously, it will take a whole another level. So Oils we feel good about growth from a volume and a margin perspective, and in Milling it's really returning to some kind of normal. Whether we get back to the highs we experienced in Brazil in the last year's already next year, I don't know, but our Milling results this year between Brazil and Mexico are off significantly. And we can see signs in Brazil that we'll get back to something more normal this coming year in combination of lower domestic crop, lower quality crop, and consumers returning in, hopefully, a strong way as we get into the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2018. So, Milling is probably where the biggest delta is going to be in earnings. This year we'll end up being off, Thom, probably $60 million, $70 million from our original expectations. So we would certainly expect to close a big part of that gap as we get into next year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And that was kind of my follow-up on Brazil. I mean, you have a big presence there and you talk to a lot of people about the economic outlook, and I'm curious what are you hearing about signs of stabilization or even a return to growth just on a macro presence and to what extent does that inform your outlook too.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We're not assuming a rapid return of consumer spending in our forecast for the balance of the year or even into the early part of next. The Brazilian economy is clearly showing signs of having bottomed out. Unemployment is coming down. People are getting back to work. But it is yet to translate into more spending in the bakeries or in the grocery stores. So it's still a economy that is living in a frugal way, so to speak. I'm sure that will change sometime during the next year, but in our outlook, again, we'll be more specific in February, but I don't believe we'll be planning for a lot of improvement until probably well into the second or third quarter.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Thanks, Soren
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Tom Simonitsch on behalf of Ann.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Tom.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just focusing on your sugarcane business, can you help us understand the hedges you have in place for both 2017 and 2018, and is your revised 2017 EBIT guidance there run rate for next year?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Sure. The sugar milling business has two components. One is sugar, the other is ethanol. Roughly 40% currently is dedicated to sugar and the balance to ethanol. On sugar, we do hedge and for this year we had hedged about 75% to 80% of our sugar sales and looking into next year, we are getting to the 50% range plus, part of that is through a natural hedge of the how sugar sales are handled in Brazil and part of it is pure financial hedging. So looking at the run rate, I mentioned that our full-year outlook this year is for about $75 million of milling EBIT and we would – we're going through the detailed planning process now, but that's probably ballpark a good estimate going forward.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And also could you elaborate on the financial separation of Sugar & Bioenergy?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, what it really means is that we have spent the last couple of years exploring all possible avenues for a realization of fair value to shareholders and we'll continue to do that, so that we can move and act quickly. We want to make sure that we've got the financial separation of the businesses set up, so that we can do it in short order and don't have to get on with that after we've made a decision. So it is just to indicate to you all that we are active, we continue to pursue our stated goal of reducing exposure of that business, and we are vigilant in that pursuit.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks and good morning, everyone. Just wondering, as we think about Agribusiness and I know we've talked a lot about the logistics piece, which appears to be partially or maybe entirely within the industry's control. If you think about where your EBIT guidance started from the beginning of this year to where we are now, can you put some round numbers on how much of the reduction could have been avoided if the logistics issue hadn't played out the way that it did? So, I guess, what I'm trying to say is, how much do you think we get back next year if the industry just sort of manages what it can control?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think that would get probably too close to giving specific guidance for next year at an early point in time, but it's not insignificant. There are two buckets of variance from where we started to where we are now ending for the year. One is clearly soy crush, that's a significant chunk of it. Margin is on balance across our fleet, call it 40 million tons of capacity are a good $5 to $8 below where we expected them to be as sort of an average across the various geographies. That's clearly the biggest variance. And then there's another maybe not exactly similar chunk, but meaningful piece that came from really handling a large part of the – particularly the Brazilian crop with very, very skinny margins, if any, and that will be a headwind that we certainly don't expect to recur next year. But I'll stop short of giving a number on that.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And if I could just ask a question on the cost savings program, both in terms of what you're going to realize and in terms of what it's going to cost to get there. How much of it is in Brazilian real or in other foreign currencies that have volatility associated with it, such that the numbers could be bigger or smaller, depending on what happens to the exchange rate?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I mean, we're going through the process now of allocating the cost savings to the different businesses, so by the end of the year we will have completed that. And what I – and I guess the other piece of that is that when we report the progress going forward, we will isolate the impact of things that we can't control. So FX would be one of those that we will clearly set out, so that you can actually track the core savings going forward.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. I'll pass it along. Thank you very much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hey, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we talk about China, what are crush margins, your outlook for crush margins, and with increasing ethanol production they'll have more DDGs, what do you expect the impact of that to be on Chinese crush margins?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, crush margins in China have been volatile again this year, but less volatile than they were in the previous years. It feels like the industry is sort of settling in, stabilizing a bit, but below our expectations, call it an average margin between $15 and $20 a ton is probably about right, and that's about where we are now. So it's less than we would have liked. It's better than it was. It's more stable. And domestic meal demand in China is off the charts. I think it's up between 10% and 12% this year, which is good for utilization rates of Chinese crush, and a lot of it, of course, has come because of the ban or the – yeah, the ban basically on imported DDGSs, which meant that protein needs have to be fulfilled by soybean meal, and that led to the domestic increase in meal consumption and a dramatic increase in soybean imports. It's a big, big step-up in soybean imports from China this year, which in a way also went against origin crushing that they competed with domestic crush plants. So you had a bit of both, DDGS backing up in the world market, slowing soybean meal trade down, and then increased competition for soybeans at the same time. So net-net, it was a good thing for domestic Chinese crush, but it was negative for everything outside of China. What impact increased domestic – ethanol production China will have, I mean, I guess depends on how quickly they ramp up production of ethanol. I think the intent appears to be ethanol production to solve the corn surplus, whether that is a long-term viable strategy or not remains to be seen. But it is an effective way of reducing the corn surplus, and that will have a negative impact on soybean meal demand, which most likely means that growth rates for soybean meal will slow down and if it happens. It's still not happened, but if it happens. And what that would mean is a reduction in the growth of soybean imports, which all else equal would be a big benefit to the origins to Brazil, to the U.S., to Argentina, where there will be less competition for beans for domestic crush and exported products. So, ethanol is probably a negative to Chinese crush margins, but a net positive to everything outside.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then just following up on your comments that you're seeing the bottom of the Ag cycle, I think you're hearing doubt from all of us, because we've heard this for about two years on and off.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could you share with us – there's things that are under your control, but fundamentally the farmer is more powerful today than a decade ago. How is the farmer sentiment right now and perhaps how – any changes Bunge's seeing that will make that bottom of this Ag cycle more real in your mind?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, the cycles typically change when you start seeing signs of – or changes in either supply or demand. And I mentioned in my intro what's happened in wheat, which is an important commodity and between reduced acreage in many parts of the world because profitability of other crops was better and marginal crop production problems, you're getting that market back into balance. I think the same thing will happen in corn and soybeans over the next year or two. I don't know exactly what the timing of it will be. But the markets are working and will send the signals to adjust supply in a natural way if it doesn't happen through weather events or otherwise. So that I think is encouraging. We have many signs of very, very strong underlying macros, whether it is global soybean meal demand or, as we talked about earlier, vegetable oil demand for either food use or biodiesel. All of it continues to grow at rates that are at or higher than what we had previously expected. So the fundamentals are good. Farm economics are not great and that is why it is causing a lot of the retention around the world. Farmers are holding back what they can. Eventually they will have to sell. What we – the service we provide farmers and the market in general is a service that should be associated with the margin. We are doing everything we can. I think we have a particular advantage perhaps in places like Brazil to offer more and more services to farmers to help them, as I mentioned, crop protection, fertilizer financing, risk management and so forth, so that we can earn the margin on top of the function we serve in providing logistics and a clear pathway to global markets. We will – I believe the industry will be rewarded for that over time. This past year was a strange set-up as the new crop started in South America. And I think, as I mentioned, we all learned a bit of a lesson in not getting too far ahead of ourselves and trying to second guess what farmers may sell or not. We need to earn a margin, whether they do or don't. So I do think that the markets are in the early stages of adjusting, and I believe that we can – we are such an important partner to farmers globally that we will be able to earn the margin in helping them market their crops going forward. So I'm optimistic that we are if not at the bottom, very close to it. I think next year we'll be better for sure. How much better, we'll talk about in February.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Jones of Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Heather.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Hi. I have a couple of quick questions and then a bigger question. One is, wonder if you could update us, I think it was last quarter, or the quarter before you said something about there being about a couple of million metric tons of excess meal and destination ports. And I was wondering if you could give us an update on where – what you think the imbalance is currently.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I don't have that number on the tip of my tongue. It's less. So...
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: ...it was one of the things we spoke about sort of putting a bit of a condition on the outlook on crush margins that the industry had over-crushed during the second quarter and had build up meal inventories both at origin, but also at destination that was putting pressure on margins. We adjusted run rates during the third quarter, I think others did too, and it's getting into a better balance, so it's less than it was.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. And you mentioned on the Grain side, part of the improvement was risk management. I was wondering did you have any significant gains on any freight contracts or anything during the quarter, because I noticed that the freight rates spiked during the quarter.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, nothing relating to freight. But it is true that freight rates have come up quite a bit, which is – it's small, but important piece of the value of our network going forward. So walking into 2018 with rates that are most likely double of where they were at the beginning of this year puts the value of controlling logistics that is worth a lot more than it was last year, where whether a ship waited for 30 days or 40 days didn't seem to make much difference. Now it's beginning to count again. So I think it is a good thing for the structural piece of our business and our assets. But for the quarter, freight did not play a significant impact on the results.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. And I hadn't come into the call planning to ask this question, but you mentioned earlier in your prepared comments that you guys your outlook had been downgraded by Moody's, and so I went and looked at that release quickly, and it says in there that you guys could be downgraded if they think that your pro forma EBITDA in 2018 won't rise above $1.9 billion. So I wanted to ask, am I misunderstanding something there? Because that would imply – because I think you all are targeting even if Loders gets completed, like that should do a little over $100 million, so that implies like a really dramatic year-on-year improvement. And so, was wondering do they include something in EBITDA that we don't, just if you could help us understand that commentary more.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, they gave a couple of benchmarks. One relates to 2017 EBITDA and free cash flow generation this year, and I think those are well within our reach. And then they talked about EBITDA for 2018. And so they've kind of given a range of – and I don't want to speak on their behalf, of the kind of performance that they would be looking to see to either maintain our existing – the existing status or potentially downgrade the company to Baa3.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: So that's...
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: That EBITDA metric is – there's nothing particularly unusual about the way they do that.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. So if they're saying that you could be downgraded if full year EBITDA in 2018 is not above $1.9 billion, we can take that at face value?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: I think that is one of the metrics, yeah, but I think you can – that's what they printed. And I think you could take it at face value. They look at a number of other metrics and qualitative components as well, but that is a metric they put out.
Heather Jones - Vertical Group: Okay. All right. Thank you so much.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And we have a follow-up from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah, I just had a follow-up. As I listen to the conference, it seems like in relative to yesterday's conference call by a competitor, it sounds like you guys are in two different industries, I guess. They're thinking very clearly about, hey, let's change our capital spending away from oilseeds and agribusiness. And you guys are still in the view that, hey look, things are going to improve and things are going to get better. Can you just help kind of come together on – and usually industry participants, obviously, there's no – there's not always a general opinion, but it seems like the opinion is seemingly very divergent. Can you talk about why you think that that's the case?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Ken, I really can't comment on what they think. I can tell you what we do. And we are – you're well aware of the point of the cycle in which we are, so we are adjusting where we can. We are being very diligent on CapEx. We have reduced CapEx a lot ourselves over the last two years, so this is not new, and next year is another reduction. We are cutting costs. We are becoming more agile in a dramatic way. So we are not pretending that this is not a moment in time where you have to do things differently. We know we have to. But we also believe that the Agribusiness footprint and the function we serve in the world market is very important, and that things can change quickly and that we will be rewarded for staying committed to that business over time. And that is one of the reasons we've gone ahead with the project in Canada, which on top of that is a capital smart way of accomplishing our mission. We are a minority partner with rights to the flows. So we're very committed to the Agribusiness part of our company. We believe the fundamentals are solid long term. We're spending this moment in the weakness in the industry to shore up and get better, where we can consolidate we will, where we can partner we will. The value of this will shine again, I have no doubt.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Andrew, and thank you again for joining us this morning. Please follow-up with me today if you – and tomorrow if you have any questions from today's call.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bunge Limited Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Haden of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Allison, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we've prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC, concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Thom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thanks, Mark, and thank you, everybody for joining us. The second quarter was profitable across all segments with good performance in Foods and Sugar, but overall below expectations as Agribusiness lagged well behind its historical range. Oil did well globally with important customer wins and growth in added value. We're building a leading platform in B2B oils globally, a market segment that continues to grow at 3% per annum and with increasing opportunities for Bunge to differentiate in the eyes of customers and consumers. Milling offset some of the gains in Food & Ingredients, significantly lower flour demand combined with increased competition from the unusually large domestic wheat crop in Brazil weighed on both volumes and margins. In Mexico, volumes were on track but margins were compressed as higher wheat prices were difficult to translate into flour in local currency. We built the powerful milling footprint, which will be a differentiating advantage for Bunge and we're confident that the business will be better in the second half of the year as market conditions improve and some of the actions we're taking go into effect. Our Sugar Milling business performed well and with most of our production hedged and favorable weather, we're on track to meet our financial targets for the year. Agribusiness was the challenge and warrants a look back. How could record crops and strong demand translate into multi-year squeeze on margins? I'll try to summarize. In Brazil, industry soybean export programs were committed too early in the year and expectation that the large and mostly unsold crop would be sold in heavy selling pressure during harvest. Take-or-pay commitments were made throughout the industry with freight and terminal providers to support the large export programs. Commodity prices dropped during harvest, farmers held back selling and used all means to store their crops, in silo bags, at cooperatives, through commercials and on farms. To highlight how slow the movement was, this was the first time domestic transportation costs in Brazil decreased as the harvest progressed. Brazilian exporters and crushers therefore fell behind on procurement and had to compete aggressively for bean origination in order to fulfill commitments. This eroded origination margins to about breakeven and crush margins to about full costs. In Argentina, the industry also expected active pricing at harvest and the crush industry placed export sales of soybean and oil in anticipation. As harvest progressed, farmers became reluctant sellers, as the combination of lower dollar prices, and a stronger peso made local prices unattractive. Cheap financing and ample storage in the form of silo bags further encouraged farmer retention. As a result, the crush industry could not keep pace with pricing versus our export commitments, which led to a squeeze on crush margins to between variable and full cost for most of the quarter. So as a consequence of these events, the commercial Agribusiness industry handled the record South American crop with little to no contribution margin, which is obviously not sustainable. The size of this mismatch between farmer pricing and the industry commitments is unprecedented and challenges the traditional wisdom of farmer marketing patterns. We believe in the return to more historical margins in both crush and grain origination, and industry leaders like ourselves have to be responsive and manage capacity actively, as margins are pressured. This also means creating more flexibility in logistics and servicing farmers with even more compelling offerings of crop inputs, price risk management, financing and logistics, so a larger share of the crop can be committed in advance of harvest. There is no question that consolidation in parts of our industry is warranted. We feel that the regional partnership route to consolidation is an effective way and will continue to lead where possible as we have successfully in the past. In the next six months, we'll show significant improvement in Agribusiness earnings. By now, most logistics and export commitments in South America have been fulfilled and with 30 million tons more beans and corn to be priced than last year, we expect an active second half in South America, which should lead to a gradual improvement in margins. Forward North American crush margins are good and softseed margins should develop in a positive way, given record canola and rapeseed crops and strong demand for sunoil globally. We expect South American and European crush margins to gradually improve, as global meal inventories reduce, and in China, we expect a good fourth quarter and supply and demand comes into better balance, as it did last year. Our Milling and Edible Oils businesses will show improvement in the second half, partly due to seasonality and we have the two strongest quarters in Sugar Milling in front of us. Overall, we expect a better last half of the year, as compared to the prior year, which should give us good momentum going into 2018. Medium- and long-term industry fundamentals remain positive and growth in capacity utilization especially in crush will drive margins higher. Our views regarding forward margins and volume growth in both Agribusiness and Food remain very positive, but we'll not only wait for margins and volumes to lift earnings. Just as we are finding new ways of interacting with customers at both ends of the value chain, we're also finding new ways to become more efficient in how we operate. We have challenged ourselves on industrial cost, which have delivered improvements of $43 million to-date, and approximately $300 million since 2014. We're now taking on the same challenge with SG&A, which is what the Competitiveness Program is all about to step change how and at what cost we operate. We're committed to realizing the $250 million SG&A run rate savings by the end of 2019, without compromising how we service customers and the good work environment inside of Bunge. The program is just getting started, as Thom will explain later. Bunge's strategy is clear and we're convinced we're on the right track. Agribusiness is core to our strategy and we'll continue to grow our portfolio further downstream to generate more earnings from value-added products. Growing earnings and growing products and growing Bunge remains our priorities and we have the ingredients to make it happen. So with that, I will turn it over to Thom for details on the quarter and the outlook for the year.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you very much, Soren, and good morning everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide 4. Reported second quarter earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.48 compared to $0.81 in the second quarter of 2016. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.17 in the first quarter versus $0.79 in the prior year. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $73 million versus $205 million in the prior year and, on an adjusted basis, segment EBIT was $79 million. The Agribusiness had a weak second quarter with EBIT of $18 million compared to $180 million in the second quarter of 2016. This resulted from a $54 million decrease in oilseeds and a $108 million decrease in grains. Global crush volumes were slightly higher than in the comparable quarter for the prior year, but the increase was more than offset by weaker margins. Margins were negatively impacted by slow farmer selling in South America and ample supplies of soy meal. Results were also negatively impacted by $11 million of mark-to-market hedging losses in the quarter compared to a mark-to-market gain of $40 million in the same period a year ago. Softseed volumes were slightly higher than the comparable quarter last year, but the increase was more than offset by weaker margins. Higher volumes reflected an increase in our crush capacity in the Ukraine. Margins were lower because of tightness of seed supply in Canada and Europe, weaker oil demand in Russia and lower imports into China. The decrease in grains was primarily the result of weaker results in origination and distribution, while volume increased primarily in the U.S., margins remained under pressure in South America and in destinations with customers only covering short-term needs. Overall, Agribusiness results were lower than the comparable period last year primarily, as weaker margins and negative mark-to-market impacts were only partially offset by higher volumes and improved risk management results. Food & Ingredients EBIT increased by $9 million to $44 million in the second quarter of 2017 compared to $35 million in the second quarter of 2016. The increase was attributable to the fact that the second quarter of 2016 included a $12 million mark-to-market loss in Edible Oils. So backing that amount out from last year's results, Edible Oils improved by $14 million while Milling decreased by $17 million. Edible Oils results improved across all geographies with particularly strong results in Europe where higher volumes and margins were partially driven by recent acquisitions. The decrease in Milling EBIT was primarily the result of lower volumes and margins in Brazil, and lower margins in Mexico. Brazil has been impacted by lower consumption and competition from small regional mills and margins in Mexico were lower than in the prior quarter due to soft market demand resulting from economic pressures. Sugar & Bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was $14 million versus breakeven in the prior year. Our mills increased production over the second quarter and will peak in the second half of the year. Fertilizer EBIT was $3 million in the second quarter compared to $2 million in the second quarter of 2016, volumes and financial results will increase as the planting season now gets underway in Argentina. The quarterly results included $51 million in foreign exchange gains, most of which were hedging gains that are offset by losses in the gross profit line. First half tax expense was a benefit of $27 million. Backing out the notable items totaling $49 million, the first half tax expenses would have been $22 million, a 20% effective tax rate. Based on our forecast mix of earnings and discrete items, we now expect our tax rate for the full year to range between 18% and 22%. Let's turn to slide 5 and our cash flow highlights. We generated $1.2 billion of adjusted funds from operations in the past 12 months, demonstrating our ability to generate substantial cash flow over the course of the year. Let's go to page 6 on our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating, as well as access to committed liquidity, sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are BBB rated by all three rating agencies, and had $1.4 billion (sic) [$4.1 billion] of available committed credit at the end of the quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital among CapEx, portfolio optimization and shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We invested $342 million in CapEx in the first half, of which $103 million related to the Sugar business, primarily for sugarcane planting and productivity improvements. We invested $394 million in acquisitions, the most significant of which was the acquisition of two European oilseed processing plants in the first quarter and we paid $135 million in dividends to shareholders. We repaid $850 million of notes that matured in the second quarter and expect to close on the Minsa transaction later this year. Let's turn to slide 7 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital was 5.5% overall and 6.1% for our core Agri and Foods businesses, 90 basis points below our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost of capital on the Agri and Foods business. The decrease in return from the first quarter was a result of lower EBIT quarter-over-quarter. Let's turn to the 2017 outlook on slide 8. In the Agribusiness, soy processing and origination margins have been below our expectations to-date. We do expect margins to improve as farmer selling picks up and customers replenish pipelines. However, as a result of this delay, we are adjusting our full year 2017 EBIT range to $550 million to $650 million, weighted to the fourth quarter of the year. The change reflects the lower results from Q1 and a modest reduction in forecasted margin assumptions for the balance of the year. We expect the Food & Ingredients business to continue its upward momentum in Edible Oils and show strong year-over-year improvement in volumes and margins. However, based on weak first half results in Milling, anticipated soft consumer demand and challenging competitive environments in Brazil and Mexico, we are further adjusting our full year 2017 EBIT range to $210 million to $230 million with results weighted to the fourth quarter. At the start of the year, we expected Edible Oils and Milling to contribute roughly equally to the Food & Ingredients result for the year. While we're on track in Edible Oils, we now expect the Milling result to be approximately half of the original expectation. Turning to slide 9, we expect the environment for Sugar and ethanol to remain positive and combined with the efficiency investments made in recent years to result in adjusted EBIT in a range of $100 million to $120 million this year. A substantial portion of our Sugar production is hedged at a level that supports this outlook, similar to past year's results are almost entirely generated in the second half of the year with a weighting to the fourth quarter. We expect Fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $25 million for the year, which would be earned primarily in the second half corresponding to the planting season in Argentina. We expect our CapEx this year to be in the range of $700 million to $750 million and we plan to reduce CapEx in 2018 to approximately $650 million, roughly a $150 million of which would relate to the Sugar segment. Moving to page 10, we announced the Competitiveness Program a couple of weeks ago. The program is focused on reducing our cost base and simplifying our organizational structure to drive efficiency, enhance our ability to scale the company, and realize significant additional value from our global platform. We plan to achieve an annual run rate reduction in costs of $250 million by the end of 2019, through reducing spending across many categories globally, implementing zero-based budgeting, streamlining our head office, regional and country operating structures and consolidating activities through the use of Shared Services. The actions we're taking represent a very significant change in how we will operate and are designed to support our strategy and growth going forward. The reductions will be roughly split equally between indirect spend and organizational changes and would reduce our addressable SG&A from a 2017 forecast rate of $1.35 billion to $1.1 billion by 2020. We expect the SG&A impact this year to be marginal and that we will we will realize savings of approximately $100 million in 2018, $180 million in 2019 and achieve full run rate savings of $250 million by the end of 2019. The total cost of the program including CapEx is estimated to be approximately equal to one year of run rate savings plus or minus 20%. We will track the impact of the program on SG&A to demonstrate both progress and sustainability. And when doing that, we will look to isolate the impact of the program from other SG&A factors such as foreign exchange, inflation, variable compensation, and changes resulting from acquisitions and divestitures. Some of the savings generated through the program will be reinvested in the business in Edible Oils and in developing innovative products and services to strengthen our relationships with farmers and downstream customers, and some of the savings will fund acquisitions and return capital to shareholders. All in a manner that provides the greatest long-term value to shareholders and maintains a strong investment grade, credit rating. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question will come from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hello, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: My question I think this morning because you get good color on the Agribusiness is around Sugar. Can you talk about how we should be thinking about Sugar EBIT into 2018, given that you were hedged in 2017?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, I would say, roughly in the same range, maybe a slight reduction depending on how forex and Sugar prices turn out for the balance of the year, but the recent change in the COFINS tax regime in Brazil is certainly an upside in ethanol pricing, that could compensate for a slightly lower New York 11. So roughly the same range for next year, but it's a little bit too early to tell.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. And then, you did mention variable compensation. Have you lowered your outlook for accrual for variable comp for 2017? And if so, how much has that impacted your financial outlook?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I don't have that number in front of me, but we adjust that on an ongoing basis.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: So, it would be a positive for 2017?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. It would be, sure.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean...
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I'll get back in line.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: ...all else equal, right. Yeah.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All else equal. Yeah.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And maybe I can follow-up offline, I appreciate it.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Sure.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I'll get back in line. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Maybe first starting on the outlook on soy crush. Certainly, I think the downturn and the weakness that you see in the market year-to-date and even in persisting into the third quarter is far worse than we would have thought 6 months, 9 months, 12 months ago. Can you talk about some of the residual competition from feed wheat, the residual competition from other competing proteins, the demand outlook, is it really just a basis issue on beans in Brazil and Argentina; just help me think about the pieces and the path to getting these margins right side up by the fourth quarter, all the while board crush hasn't been that bad?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right. Okay, yeah, that's a lot to answer. But I'll try. I think the feed wheat impacts on meal demand in rations is behind us. Wheat prices have rallied significantly and you can see the changes in formulation. The impact on corn and ethanol by-products DDGS is probably more of an issue. But also that is probably peaking. China is the biggest variable in that equation having essentially prohibited or stopped imports of the material back a while ago. And that amount of DDGS has backed up into the global trade system and even domestic consumption in the U.S., and that has eaten on the fringes of soybean yield demand, but I think that is also now more or less fully digested. Overall, protein demand for feed remains very strong whether it is in Asia, Southeast Asia, domestically in the U.S., so the baseline is healthy. It's really a matter of how the industry adjusts run rate to match with meal demand at the moment. We still have an industry that when everything runs at full speed, can produce more than the market needs. We're gradually eating our way towards a better capacity utilization, but when everything runs at full speed, we produce too much, and that is what's happened in South America the first six months of the year, which is what I was trying to illustrate earlier on. That the industry went far too fast in anticipation of a much more willing farmer selling, and as a result, we have built a couple of million tons of soybean meal inventories, partly at the origin, partly at destination, that is weighing on margins. And we have to consume or eat our way into that through more discipline and reduced crush rates over the next – really the next quarter to get back into a better balance and for margins to rebound to that $25 to $35 per ton level that we had in our original forecast. I think that's happening, the industry is adjusting. You're right, the actual realized margins for the first six months, seven months of the year have been well below where they should've been and where we anticipated them, the industry is adjusting, and so are we. The U.S. has been the exception where I think good industry discipline, strong domestic demand and ample supply of soybeans and a willing farmer selling has held margins at the $30 to $35 level and board crush at $0.95 to $1 in the fourth quarter, really reflects that and reflects much more the domestic U.S. market, which is where the predominant amount of product goes from U.S. crush, then it reflects global margins, so we think that will hold and we think the rest of the world will come up to what's that level as we get through the third quarter and into the fourth.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. That's a helpful color. And then maybe just a question in Agribusiness in Brazil and in the prepared remarks, you alluded to looking to increase intimacy levels with farmers in terms of risk management, input sales, et cetera. You used to do a lot of those things in a bigger way when you had the Fertilizer business, should we take that as indication that you need to really commit more financial capital to engage with the farmer earlier in the planting process or how should we think about the commitment of capital to those endeavors?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, I don't think it will mean any increase in capital from Bunge side, and we have continued with our, let's say, Fertilizer marketing and barter activities in Brazil even after we sold the business in a partnership with Yara. So, that's working very well, we would like to step that up and we would like to create similar structures with other input providers and we are doing that, but it is more of in the formal basis, I think there is room to do something more structural on that front, but it would not imply Bunge committing more capital, it's simply connecting the dots to the farmer. And coupling that up with risk management tools which we have that would allow the farmer to move his crops during harvest and still retain upside, whether it's from forex, whether it's from global prices post-harvest so that the farmer doesn't have to sit with the physical inventory for extended periods of time, and would hopefully help create more liquidity and more fluidity as harvest progresses. There are many things we can do and we are doing them in pockets. So, this is not something that is entirely new for us, but we feel that we can step it up and sort of create a new and enhanced approach to origination with all those things bundled together.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. I appreciate the color. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will come from Heather Jones with Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. First, just a detail-ish question. Clearly this environment has been very much in flux and so on, nobody holds you to this, but based upon your view of the outlook right now, when you say weighted to Q4 for both the Food & Ingredients and Agribusiness, are we looking at something like three-quarters of your second half performance will be in Q4, I mean is it that heavily weighted?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Agri is the big question mark obviously. If we talk about Food & Ingredients and Sugar alone, I would say it's probably a 60%-40% split between the two quarters. Ag can really be, I wouldn't say, all over the place, but it's probably about the same proportion at this point, two-thirds in the fourth quarter and one-third in the third quarter, but it can change very quickly. We know that August and September are the months where a lot of origination takes place for new crop in South America. So, many things can trigger a sudden acceleration, let's say in Agribusiness, we still have a good part of the growing season in front of us in soybeans in the U.S., the crop is not made yet. So lot of things can change. I mean, even from early July to now, the environment has changed quite a bit. The first two weeks of July were fantastic and the last two weeks have been more meager. It's very volatile frankly in Agribusiness. So, we're confident that we'll get the bump in earnings. The structural margins should be there, we have a lot of pent-up selling left in South America, and a good U.S. crop, but exactly how that part flows, remains to be seen. I would say, two-thirds/one-third is probably the best guess at this point.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you. And secondly, if we assume that, countervailing duties are imposed in the U.S. upon Argentina, Indonesia by diesel imports, and also the EU reduces its duties on Argentina ex imports so those start flowing there again, what is your best estimate or what that means for North American crush margins because to meet the mandate and all, there seems like there would have to be a really, really dramatic increase in domestic biodiesel production which would seemingly have a very significant impact on crush margins. So, one, what is your best estimate what that would mean? And secondly, if the EU reduces its duties and Argentine biodiesel starts flow into the EU, that would seem to mitigate some of this impact on Argentina for you guys. So, just wondering, if you could hypothesize for us, just to get a sense of what that kind of scenario would look like for you guys?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, I think you're right. There will be a net positive to U.S. crush, both canola and soy crush in this mix, not easy to estimate exactly how big it would be and when the impact would be felt. Will it be this year or will it be next year? Part of it would probably be this year. Net-net between Argentina and the U.S., I will say a small positive, but not a game changer, $10 million, $20 million, something like that. And in Europe, you're right, a re-emergence of the flow of Argentina to Europe would be a positive for the Argentine biodiesel industry. We're also invested in European biodiesel so that would take the opposite side of that. That's probably a net neutral. But if you add it all up together, the best case at this point would be a modest plus for us and the size of the impact in this year depends on when these changes come into effect, but I don't think it is material difference.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: But you said, I think I heard the number. So it sounds like you would think maybe $10 million net to positive to Bunge on a full-year basis?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: $10 million to $30 million, somewhere in that range.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: $10 million to $30 million? Okay. All right. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question will come from Farha Aslam with Stephens. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Can we talk about your Milling business? Historically, it's one of your more stable businesses but this year, Milling was cut in half in terms of expectations. Could you share with us kind of the consumer outlook in both Mexico and Brazil and perhaps when that could recover?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes, happy to. In Brazil, which is really where the biggest change has been, we are seeing signs both in terms of unemployment and also retail sales that the economy in all likelihood has bottomed out. So, the impacts at the consumer end should be positive going forward. But in the meantime, we have seen a fairly dramatic cut in consumption of flour-based products, whether it is through food processor sales or whether through foodservice or even household consumption and that'll take some time to recover, 13% unemployment rate is not small. So, I think it'll be with a lag that we see the improvement in flour consumption in Brazil and probably don't expect any real impact until early next year. The thing that has weighed on Brazilian Milling margins as much as the this decrease in overall consumption has been the size of the domestic crop. We had a very large and high-quality domestic crop this past year, which we don't think will repeat itself and that allowed many of the smaller and very fragmented mills in the Southern part of Brazil to compete and send – and market flour into the Central part of Brazil and even to the North, and that pressured margins in our business, which is mostly based on imported week. We think that will change, as we run out of full crop wheat stocks towards the end of this year. So, I think the real impacts on an improvement in Brazil is probably not to be seen until the first quarter next year, although we do expect the sequential improvement from the first half into the second half but sort of getting back to more normal run rates of earnings, we're probably talking 2018. In Mexico, it's not so much a matter of per capita consumption as it has been difficulties in translating the higher wheat prices and the weak currency into higher flour prices in the domestic market. That's taking longer than we expected but I would think that by the fourth quarter, it will be back to the normal run rate. So Mexico should be back to where it was where it should be by the first quarter of next year. So the second half will be better than the first half in Milling, but it won't be back to the historical run rate. We will have to wait until the first quarter of 2018 for that.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, you have added in your prepared remarks that consolidation is needed, and you believe it's going to be the regional leadership. Could you share with us some more color on consolidation, and how that regional leadership would work?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I think we have some examples in the last couple of years, but really if you look back at our history, it goes much longer. Many of our activities in Argentina, for example, are in joint partnership, the same in Paraguay. Last year, we formed a joint venture with Amaggi in Brazil, which in many ways accomplishes a type of consolidation by sharing common assets. We did the same with Wilmar in Asia this past year, and we're looking to do more things like that where it's really a win-win, a quick win-win in a fairly straight forward way to achieving rationalization and better utilization of existing assets in all the regions, including the U.S. So those are examples of what I am talking about. They can take any shape and any size as far as I'm concerned, and we're out looking for them and discussing with them on an ongoing basis.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And do you think you can get to kind of what you think is a normalized run rate of profitability without further large consolidation in Agribusiness, or you actually have capacity taken out to address this oversupply situation?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. We believe we can do that. And we believe soy crush in particular has some very strong fundamentals that should start showing themselves as we get into 2018. So, we're very convinced about that. But the Competitiveness Program that we have initiated now is a way to accelerate towards that goal. It's self-help in a period where the industry is not behaving as we think it should. Although the fundamentals, medium-term, long-term are very favorable. So, we believe that that will be accelerated towards the earnings growth that we all have in mind.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks, everyone. So, is there sort of a sweet spot range of soy prices and BRL/USD exchange rates that you guys should have identified anticipating a large inflow of farmer selling? Has it been that dynamic that you sort of can look at your screen and see that intersection and expect the flows to improve. And if so, could you help us with a rough range, just so we can sort of be able to monitor that?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I can give you a range the way it is right now, but with the caveat that it could very well change, in all likelihood it would change. But the combination of, let's say, a dollar/real between BRL 2.25 and BRL 2.35 and soybean prices in Chicago above $10 is what created the last big movement that we saw early in July, and it was quite significant and farmers are very responsive in that range at the moment. The other thing that's important is the barter ratio, so the ratio of prices between crops and fertilizer and crop protection and so forth, is actually pretty reasonable. It's better within the last four years. So, when farmers make their planting decisions now in September, they will be looking at a favorable relationship between inputs and crop prices, even if the soya price or the local price is not reflecting the range that I just gave you. So, it's a relative value play of inputs to outputs and that's why we are convinced that we will see another big crop planted in South America and Brazil on even a small amount of growth, even if the current price isn't so sexy, so to speak. Those are the two things to keep in mind. The barter ratio and then there are some triggers in the combination of futures and exchange rate that generate big movements and they are, as I just told you now. That may change as we get towards the end of the year. And I think in particular, as the world becomes, let's say, comfortable with the size of the U.S., crop and the outlook, maybe those ranges will ratchet down a little bit, but that's where we are right now.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, and just as a follow-up, I think your commentary is interesting on going out and sort of improving the relationship with farmers and maybe wonder, do you think the part of the objective is going to be, as we try to get the farmer to sell on a more regular basis. I mean, do you think you will narrow sort of your range of margin outcomes? In other words you might give us some of the upside in the super tight market, but you might reduce the probability of scenarios like this and ultimately find yourself in a tighter more predictable per ton margin range if you're able to execute some type of better sort of more regular flow of products?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, we look at it. I mean, we are in this with the farmer and the farmer has always been as important of a customer to us any of our downstream customers, we look at it that way. And we need to find ways that satisfy the requirements of the farmer and at the same time, allows us to run an efficient operation, earning a reasonable margin that gives us return. And I think that is possible to do with all the various things that we are able to bundle in front of the farmer now and with the use of technology. That should be our objective and it is our objective to sort of reinvent the way that we go to market with the farmer overtime. Each region will be a little bit different but it is a big priority for us. And as we do that, you could take out some of the volatility that we've seen and maybe the way you described the upside is a little bit less but it's more stable. But I think it will always remain very volatile that part of the business. But having gone through this past period, it is certainly healthier for the industry and I think even for the farmer to the extent that it's possible to combine inputs and maybe some of the risk management products that a larger portion of the crop is somehow committed through the system, whether it's through export or through crush before you get into the season so the system is not so subject to the various types of volatilities, whether it is exchange rates or Chicago or even logistics and you don't get the disruptions and the stop and go that we've seen this past year. So that would be an objective, no doubt.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): This may not be a 100% fair question, but I figured I'd give it a shot.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Sure.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): In December, you put together your vision for Bunge for the second time. The first time you did it, kind of fell short or did not meet expectations. The new plan is not off to the stronger start. Can you talk about the potential to revisit – to reach your plan, and how did they play out in 2018? You are less confident in how you're developing the plan, and we see noticeable changes in 2018 and can you frame 2018 for us?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, there's no lack of confidence in our plan, and the plan we presented in December is intact. The headwinds we faced in the first half of this year have been industry headwinds, and we've, of course, had our proportionate of share of that given our exposure to South America. I think it's all reasonably explainable. But the long-term dynamics of soy crush, which is the one big pillar, is absolutely intact, and I have no doubt about that. And that will – you will see that as we get to the end of the year, and into next. And our commitment to growing our Food & Ingredients business is complete. We've seen great success and improvement in our Global Oils business, which is the one that is more tightly connected with the rest of the Bunge network, with crush and origination, very confident that we can grow that in a significant way. And then we have the competitiveness program, which we have started orchestrating already back at the end of last year, and it's taken shape now as a means to accelerate or at least create a buffer in the period of times where we may be falling short on expectations because of industry headwinds. So, all of that combined gives me great confidence that we're on the right track. As for 2018, I would prefer to hold those comments until the third quarter, but clearly in Food & Ingredients, we would expect a significant improvement from where we are today as milling recovers, oil has done what we expected it to, and a return to more normalized Agribusiness types of earnings, but the range of that, I think is a little bit too early to predict given that we haven't completed the U.S. crop yet, so I'll save that for Q3.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And my – another question is, again, probably not in the fairness category, but I'll give a try. How do you value Bunge stock particularly given the noise around it as well as your performance? How do you think about how you think of the value of Bunge stock?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I won't give you a number, Ken. But we have and our board has a very good sense of intrinsic value of Bunge based on obviously our own plans and various methodologies of deriving value. One thing we all agree on is that it's undervalued relative to its potential. So, I'll leave it at that.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners. Please go ahead.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Could you provide some color on what you're seeing for the soy seed crush. You had some dry conditions in Canada and Dakota and wet conditions in Europe that could impact the canola harvest. And I was wondering how this impacts the outlook?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think that's all considered within the range that we have given. We have a very large canola crop in the ground, I think it's a record and had ample moisture early in the season now combined with some dryness. It's hard to tell whether we take the yields down a little bit, but overall, it's going to be a very large crop, and likely as large if not larger than last year. And in Europe, Poland where we are exposed to the big crushing activity, and Germany as well, have already had a nice rebound in canola and rapeseed production. So the combined rapeseed, canola crop is up significantly from last year, and that should be favorable as we get into the end of the third quarter and the fourth quarter for sure. Sunseed production on the other hand is down a little bit from the prior year, but last year was an all-time record. I think we're off 1 million tons, but still a very large crop in historical terms. And I'd say the outlook for margins in Hungary and in the Black Sea are favorable.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then I just want to clarify, how much of the benefit for the competitiveness program are factored into the 2017 revised segment guidance, and how should we think about the allocation by segment?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Tom?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: The expectations for 2017 is fairly modest, about $15 million, and it's not actually fully baked into the forecast yet, but it is small. Going into 2018, we expect to realize $100 million, and into 2019, $180 million. So we really start to pick up steam into the next year based on the indirect spend programs that we'll implement over the balance of this year, and then further into 2019, as we start to implement the organizational changes over the course of the next year.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question will come from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I had two questions. The first one is pretty simple, straight forward. Sale of the company, is this something that is actually possible or – at any price or is it just fundamentally against kind of the desires of management and the board of directors? Just curious on what you can tell us here given, obviously, the news flow during the quarter?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, it's fairly simple in the sense that myself and the board takes all responsibility towards shareholders very seriously and of course we will evaluate the best path and that's it. So there's no entrenchment if that's what you refer to.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: That's exactly what I'm referring to. Just wanted to ask because I get asked that question repeatedly. And then the next question I get asked and this is going to build on a lot of that's going on the call here, but I want to ask it in a certain way. So you were clearly very positive at the Analyst Day, and then I would just state the obvious for you guys, but maybe not so obvious for some investors listening. This is the biggest Agribusiness company in South America. So I mean, just fundamentally, how does a giant sophisticated industry including Bunge get caught so short on basis in South America, just misjudges so enormously? I mean, it's has been very, very rare. I mean I've gone through, you know I've covered you since you became public, to see two really disappointing quarters in a row. I mean, I can't remember a time in recent history where we've seen that. So there's all these really specific answers you guys are giving about farmer selling and so forth, and I'm just curious like; number one, do you really find like Bunge's performance in the quarter acceptable, given how big and important a player it is? And then, what changed in the years? When I did this company back in 2002-2003 advances to farmers and the fertilizer barter transactions were a really big deal in South America, and I think it gave you a lot of assurances that you would have crop come the harvest. But something feels off here, but we'd love just to hear your kind of big picture thoughts, your opinion on the performance of the business to date, what you expect out of it and what changed?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, that's lot of questions in one question, David. But I think to start out with, are we happy with the performance, are we satisfied with the performance in the first couple of quarters? And the answer is, no, we're not. I think we didn't make any mistakes. The margin environment was what it was, but we are obviously not satisfied. I think the one thing that is different in this last six months as opposed to prior periods is that the entire industry got on the wrong side of, let's say, the expected farmer selling and the record crop, but I don't think it was an issue of being short the basis as you referred to it. It was really more being short against other types of commitments, whether it was logistics, terminals. The system was set up for a large and aggressive movement that really didn't take place. But it wasn't related to risk management, which your question would imply. So, I think it was an industry issue. Everybody got caught on the wrong side and didn't have time to catch up, and I would say the role that we should play in this, is to adjust when the markets demanded. So, I think one thing that I alluded to, especially as it relates to crush, where we have a fairly important presence globally, is that we have to be perhaps more agile and more aggressive in proactively adjusting crush rates when we see things panning out differently and anticipate it, and that is something that we are working hard on, and we are actually doing, but there could be perhaps more agility in that equation, that's what the role of a leader should be, and we have to perhaps play that role more forcefully.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Well, thank you so much. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thank you, Allison, and thank you, everyone for joining us again this morning.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Bunge Limited First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call. All participants will be in listen-only mode. After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. Please note this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mark Haden, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Nicole, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Despite a slow start, we're confident of delivering a good year with solid earnings growth although somewhat reduced to reflect the delay in pricing by South American producers. Farmers in South America still have to price over 70% of their crops – record crops and have held back in expectation of better prices. In downstream in both meat and consumer foods, margins are good and demand is strong, with little incentive for end users to forward purchase. We're in the middle of planting another large crop in North America, which will accelerate the global growth in inventories of both corn and beans, which would eventually lead to lower prices in order to encourage demand and clear the market. This standoff between supply and demand has reduced forward commercial activity dramatically, translating to a negative effect on our margins this quarter. But fundamentals remain strong. Projected soy meal demand growth of 4% will lead to an 8 million ton increase in soy crush year-over-year. Major origin crush will be up 5.5 million tons alone, but the next quarter is showing record crush rates in South America, with Argentina running at full capacity. Despite these positive demand and capacity utilization trends, soy crush margins have been weak, except in the U.S. where margins are fair. The challenge is in South America and Europe where current margins of $23 to $25 a ton are $7 to $8 per ton below our expectations. We believe this will improve in the coming months. Cash flow requirements will drive farmer pricing and global end users will want to protect good downstream margins at lower prices. The fundamentals of both crush and trade are favorable, and markets will adjust to reflect the current supply and demand imbalances. And if that happens and global commercial activity increases, the value of our assets and global network gives us confidence that we'll be able to grow earnings in Agribusiness for the year. In Foods, we had a strong quarter in oils, with Brazil leading the way due to excellent full chain management of both crush and downstream oils. We've seen good traction in growing B2B market shares globally and new value added products are coming to market across North America, Brazil and Europe. Walter Rau is running at record volumes and we've been successful in wining global RFPs with key customers, which will lift earnings later in the year and into 2018. We expect strong volume and earnings growth in oils for the year. And as the largest producer of soft oils globally, we are committed to growing our global oils business. And we are encouraged by our opportunities to develop new products and customer relationships which meet current consumer food trends. In Milling, margins and volumes were challenging in both Mexico and Brazil. Both regions experienced slow demand in the face of consumer uncertainty and we are working diligently to secure key customer requirements and to optimize costs further. In recent years, we've developed a unique regional milling footprint in Brazil and Mexico, which will shine when the economy is stabilized and growth returns to the regions. We're not standing still and waiting for markets and margins to improve. We expect that a very competitive environment will remain across all segments, and therefore, we are focused on driving cost and productivity initiatives globally. With high inflation and stronger local currencies in most emerging markets, this is especially important. Our industrial and commercial improvement programs delivered $22 million in the first quarter and are on track to deliver $100 million for the full-year. We reduced CapEx by $50 million, and we'll continue to be very focused on managing working capital tightly to ensure our returns remain well above cost of capital. In recent years, we have invested in global technology to help us transact in a more standardized and efficient manner. We see this as an important building block to improve our overall cost position, and over the next quarters, we'll describe our plans to reduce global SG&A. In Sugar & Bioenergy, we're convinced to have another step-up in earnings. We are pursuing different alternatives to achieve a reduction in exposure and preparing the business accordingly, including the possibility of an IPO or partnership. We're committed to our strategy of creating the leading global Agri-Foods company focused on grains and oil seeds. And we are convinced we'll grow earnings this year despite the difficult start and that our long-term earnings outlook as presented in our December Investor Day is intact. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom, who will give you more detail on the financials and the outlook for the year.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Soren, and good morning, everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on slide 4. Reported first quarter earnings per share from continuing operations were $0.31 compared to $1.60 in the first quarter of 2016. Adjusted earnings per share were $0.35 in the first quarter and $1.41 in the prior year. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $133 million versus $322 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, segment EBIT was $139 million. Agribusiness had a slow first quarter with EBIT of $109 million compared to $282 million in the first quarter of 2016. The $173 million decrease resulted from a $46 million decrease in oil seeds and a $127 million decrease in grains. Global soy crush volumes were slightly higher than the comparable quarter in the prior year, but the increase was more than offset by weaker margins. Costs increased as a result of the appreciation of the Brazilian real, inflation in Argentina, and charges related to the acquisition of the soy crush plants in Europe. Outside of China, soy crush margins were lower than year ago levels. Demand has been good, but margins were negatively impacted by slow farmer selling in South America and ample supplies of soy meal. Soft seed results improved compared to a year ago. Higher volumes and margins reflected an increase in our crush capacity in the Ukraine, larger canola crops in Canada, and sunseed crops in Europe and the Black Sea, and improved vegetable demand. The decrease in grains was primarily driven by weaker results in origination and distribution. While volumes increased primarily in the U.S., structural margins remain pressured by destination customers only covering short-term needs and by slow farmer selling in South America. Risk management activities in oilseeds and grains produced less income this quarter compared to a very strong result a year ago. Overall, Agribusiness results were lower than the comparable period last year, primarily as weaker margins and higher costs were only partially offset by higher volumes. Risk management performance was solid, but lower than last year. Food & Ingredients EBIT decreased by $7 million to $45 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $52 million in the first quarter of 2016. The decrease was attributable to the fact that the first quarter of 2016 included a $12 million mark-to-market gain in Edible Oils. Backing that amount out from last year's results, Edible Oils improved by $18 million, while Milling decreased by $13 million. The increase in Edible Oils was primarily the result of higher volumes and margins in Brazil, reflecting a tight oil supply in the first quarter, partially offset by lower unit margins in the U.S. as a result of competitive pressures. The decrease in Milling EBIT was primarily the result of lower volumes in Mexico and Brazil, which were partially offset by higher volumes in the U.S. Margins in the U.S. and Mexico were lower than the prior quarter due to soft market demand. Sugar & Bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was negative $11 million versus negative $14 million in the prior year. Our mills began operating in the second half of March, as the sugarcane harvest got underway, and production will increase into the second quarter. Biofuels made a positive contribution, which was offset by a loss associated with our renewables oil joint venture. Fertilizer EBIT was negative $4 million in the first quarter compared to positive $2 million in the first quarter of 2016. First quarter tax expense was $28 million, resulting in a 34% reported tax rate. The high effective tax rate was primarily due to the disproportionate effect of losses from entities with no tax benefit in a period of relatively low taxable income. This disproportionate impact should normalize over the course of the year, and we continue to expect our full year tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 27%. Before I move on, I'd like to mention that total consolidated SG&A increased quarter-over-quarter by $64 million to $378 million in the first quarter of 2017. This increase was the result of stronger foreign currencies, costs relating to acquisitions closed during the period, and timing of certain accruals. We would expect that the quarter-over-quarter variance will narrow in subsequent quarters and relate primarily to the effects of changes in foreign exchange and costs related to acquired businesses. As I mentioned on the call in February, SG&A is an area of opportunity and particular focus going forward. We are committed to making our administrative and commercial processes more uniform and efficient around the world, reducing our cost base. We plan to launch a substantial project to achieve this in the coming months. Internal resources have been allocated and the planning process has begun. We'll be in a position to talk about specific cost reduction targets and timing once this plan is in place. Let's turn to slide 5 and our cash flow highlights. We generated $1.3 billion of funds from operations in the past 12 months. Even in a relatively weak quarter, the graph demonstrates our ability to generate substantial cash flow over a 12-month period. Let's turn to page 6 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit rating, as well as access to committed liquidity sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are rated BBB by all three rating agencies and had $4.8 billion of available committed credit at the end of the first quarter. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital amongst CapEx, portfolio optimization, and to shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We invested $182 million in CapEx in the quarter, of which $62 million related to the Sugar business, primarily for sugarcane planting. We closed the previously announced acquisitions of the two European oilseed processing plants and a specialty oil producer in Turkey, and we paid $67 million in dividends to shareholders. Looking forward, we will be repaying $850 million of notes that mature on the second quarter of this year and expect to close on the Minsa transaction later this year. Let's turn to slide 7 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four quarter average return on invested capital was 6.3% overall and 7.2% for our core Agri and Foods business, 20 basis points over our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2% of our cost of capital on the Agri and Foods business. The decrease in return from the prior quarter was almost entirely due to lower EBIT in the first quarter of 2017 versus the first quarter of 2016. Let's turn to the 2017 outlook on page 8. In the Agribusiness, we expect good demand for protein and oil and record soybean and soft seed crops. This should increase capacity utilization rates and crush margins, as large crops become commercialized as the year progresses. Soy processing margins have been below our expectations to date. We do expect margins to improve as farmer selling picks up and customers replenish pipelines. However, as a result of this delay, we are adjusting our full year 2017 EBIT range to $800 million to $925 million weighted to the second half of the year. We expect second quarter EBIT to be close to that of the second quarter last year, assuming a modest pickup in margins and an increase in the rate of farmer selling as compared to the first quarter of this year. Although, I would emphasize that market dynamics can change quite quickly. We expect the Food & Ingredients business to continue its upward momentum in Edible Oils and show strong year-over-year improvement on higher volumes and margins. However, due to weaker than expected start in Milling, anticipated soft consumer demand and challenging competitive environments in Brazil and Mexico, we are adjusting our full year 2017 EBIT range to $245 million to $265 million. In the second quarter, we expect EBIT to be similar to the first quarter's result depending on how Milling performs. On to slide 9, regarding Sugar, we expect the environment for sugar and ethanol to remain positive, and combined with the efficiency improvements made in recent years, to result in EBIT in the range of $100 million to $120 million in 2017. A substantial portion of our sugar production is hedged at levels that support this outlook. Similar to past years, results will be seasonally weak until the second half of the year. We expect Fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $25 million for the year, which would be earned primarily in the second half of the year, corresponding to the planting season in Argentina. And we've reduced our CapEx forecast for the year by $50 million to a range of $700 million to $750 million. We will now open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Adam Samuelson of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe first, wanted to go into the guidance reduction for the full year, really understand the pieces of where you really took down the range versus the outlook that you gave in mid-February. And how much of that was simply the first quarter coming in weaker than you thought versus lower expectations on farmer selling or crush margins later in the calendar year?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think it is really a timing issue here. Everything we said back then and at Investor Day, we believe will come true, but the delay in pricing that we experienced in the first three months, almost four months now of the year, is hard to make up for. That's really the bottom line. So we've just pushed the timetable out a bit. We are expecting gross margins to improve somewhat to get to the middle of the range that we just announced, the $7 to $8 a ton, particularly in Brazil, Argentina and Europe. To meet the middle of that range, we think that's very likely. As you know, farmers are well undersold, both in Argentina and Brazil, and we've got a big corn crop coming within the next couple of weeks. So we think that'll all happen, and lower prices, as we expect them to unfold over the next months, should incur some end user coverage, which is what we've been missing. So it is really – to cut it to the essence, it's really about just pushing the timetable out, making up – clearly, that we can't make up for the – or it's unlikely that we'll make up for the first three months, although it is possible. We've seen it before. But to be realistic, we decided to adjust for that.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So, Soren, I want to clear, because, I mean, timing-wise, if it's farmer selling in South America, you took your EBIT guidance in Agribusiness down $100 million, $125 million for the year. Are you saying the crop will get sold and price this year at similar margins, less of the crop will be priced at expected margins, or you will end up being able to buy less of the crop at lower margins? I'm trying to understand which of those three it is.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, I mean, we think that we will make up for a lot of the pent-up, let's say, under pricing by farmers as the summer and year progresses. So the grain origination, grain distribution, oil distribution pieces of our global franchise we really haven't adjusted. It is just that the margins in crush that we didn't realize in the first three months will be hard to make up for. That's really the net adjustment.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, maybe on crush, can you talk about the impact in Argentina and the U.S. of this pending biodiesel trade case and the impact that could have if Argentina can't export the biodiesel and what that could do to the vegetable oil balances in the U.S. and how on a net basis that impacts the company?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. It is a big thing. Still to be determined exactly how it all works out. But if Argentine biodiesel is prevented from entering the U.S. because of duties or other things, then to meet the mandates for biodiesel and advanced fuels, the U.S. industry will have to produce it alone. And that'll be difficult given the installed capacity in the U.S. I don't think we have enough. But it'll create an enormous demand for vegetable oil, both of soybean oil and canola oil, which will be very positive to crushing margins in both Canada and the U.S. So that part would be a big boost to North American crushing margins, both in soft seeds and in soy crush. The flip side, of course, is that biodiesel margins, which have been good in Argentina, won't be there and the industry won't run, and that soybean oil will then go out as export oil to the world market. For Bunge, the net balance, I think over a period of, let's say, six to nine months, would be a fairly sizeable net positive. You're talking about maybe a $20 million reduction in income in Argentina from biodiesel compared to the entire fleet of crushing capacity in the U.S. and Canada getting a boost in margins.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And that's not presently embedded in the outlook?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, no, no, not at all.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We're assuming things stay as they are now. We're assuming that forward -
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: – marketing in the U.S. is adequate. As I mentioned in my introductory remarks, U.S. crushing margins are actually performing as we would have expected it to. And the main reason for that is that we've had liquidity by the farmer, big crops, good yields, farmer has been a willing seller of soybeans in the U.S. And that's exactly what we aren't seeing in South America yet, but we expect that we will.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. That's helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. This is Tom Simonitsch on behalf of Ann. Perhaps, firstly, could you expand on the weakness in Milling in Mexico that you experienced in Q1 and just maybe describe how your expectations may have changed in that market for 2017?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. The first quarter in Mexico was weak. It was the weakest quarter we've had in Milling since we really started in Mexico. And it was all really on the back of failing consumer demand. Consumer confidence in Mexico, if you look at some of the indicators, sort of hit a recent low in, I guess, late January or early February, and the result was a reduction in overall volume of about 15% for the market. Our volumes were down a little bit as well. The combination of both though puts tremendous pressure on margins. So, we believe that will stabilize as the – and it already has to some extent, as the year progresses. It feels like it was a first quarter shock, a lot of uncertainty politically, and people just staying close to the best, so to speak. And this will change as the year goes on. So we think the second quarter will show improvement and we'll be nicely profitable, and then we'll gain momentum into the third and fourth quarter. But, year-over-year, we expect Milling results in Mexico to be slightly weaker than the prior year.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. Thank you. And then just if I could ask, what are your expectations for U.S. planted acres? Do you share the USDA's view on Prospective Plantings, or has your own view changed?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think at this point, that's what we're going by, so significant increase in soybean plantings and reduction in corn, but overall an acreage base that's close to a record and, in all likelihood, outlook for another significant crop.
Thomas Simonitsch - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Morris of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Evan.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just first question on farmer selling. I know you identified that as sort of a – a couple of months ago, as a big swing factor for the year, started off slow, kind of talked about 70% not commercialized yet. Just trying to get a sense as to – and I know margins will play a part in this. But what's that percentage that you need these farmers to commercialize to kind of get to the range, the midpoint of the range? I mean, is it 50%? Is it 90%? And sort of what do you think those trigger points are right now that the farmers looking at as sort of the combination between crop prices and currency?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, you have to go through sort of each country and each crop by percentage to get a real feel. But to give you an idea, in Brazil, at the end of the first quarter, 41% of the crop had been sold. That was about 18% less than prior year and on the base of a much bigger crop. So it's a huge shortfall in pricing as of the end of March. We expect that by the end of the second quarter, we will be closer to 70% price. So between May and June – because April has been a little bit slow as well, but between May and June, we'll see a significant pickup in pricing as we get closer to harvesting the safrinha, the winter corn crop. And in Argentina, only 7% or 8% of the bean crop was priced at the end of March. So there, as you go through the next couple of quarters, we would expect that to get up to 50% or 60%. So there's a lot of pricing right in front of us. And as we get to the end of the year, of course, most of it will be priced, although both Argentina and Brazil will likely carry fairly sizeable inventories of both corn and beans into the new year just because the world market doesn't need all of it. But there's a lot of pricing right in front of us, and there's a lot of commodities that have been delivered that have not been priced yet. So farmers have harvested the crops, delivered them into the commercial system and have deadlines by which they have to price their various crops. So it's right in front of us. And so, to answer the second part of your question, what will trigger it? Part of it is just the clock. Contracts will specify by when you have to price unpriced deliveries. So that's one aspect. And the other one, of course, is days where you have weakness in the real, which we saw partly last week. You will have a quick flurry. In fact, we had a couple of days last week where we really had a pickup in pricing in Brazil. Some of the best days we've had all year. It doesn't take much, or a rally in Chicago as we had it earlier this week. And finally, of course, it's just the cash flow needs of farmers beginning to plan for their intentions and investments in seed and fertilizer and so forth as we get into the third quarter. So between now and, I guess, July, August, we should get back to a more normalized percentage of crop priced. And that is what we believe will ultimately drive not only volumes but margins in the late part of the second quarter and the third and the fourth.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And then just a sort of broader question, and I guess it's been what a couple, three years now that the industry has sort of entered the start of the calendar year with pretty high expectations only to have them, I guess, lowered throughout the year. We're seeing that pattern already starting. I guess why shouldn't investors start to get concerned maybe that there are structural impediments now in the industry that may not have been there a few a years ago, that may prevent you from reaching your growth objectives, or just even growing on a sustained basis? I mean, you look at ADM yesterday, and they essentially lowered their ROIC outlook. So just trying to get a sense as to what's maybe changing and what still gives you that level of confidence that you can still sort of meet those objectives.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. No, it's a fair question. I think it's a combination of many things. We have been – our business is cyclical, and we are now a couple of years into one of the low cycles – low points of the cycle with low commodity prices and farmers globally who are resisting the new reality. And many of them in a position and better capitalized than they were previously with additional storage at the farm and ways of financing crops that they didn't have. So there's no doubt a structural shift in the ability of farmers globally to hold on to their crops. That doesn't mean it's a good thing for them to do that, but that's what they're doing, but it can't go on forever. We cannot keep building global inventories in corn and soybeans, eventually the crops have to come to market and will come to market. And that is why our outlook for earnings growth really is based more on capacity utilization than anything else. The big pillar in our Agribusiness machine is global crush. And although we've seen a delay in margins expanding here in the first quarter, capacity utilization is ticking up as we predicted it to, and convinced that within this year and then moving on into 2018 and 2019 that that trend will continue and that we will get the boost in margins, simply as we get closer to maxing out capacity. We're not assuming that we return to the margins in grain origination and distribution than we had maybe four or five years ago. We know that part of the world has gotten more competitive and we are trying to do everything we can to adjust accordingly. Part of it is through our current initiatives around supply chain and productivity. The next step will be what Tom alluded to, which is a major effort on SG&A, streamline how we operate and process business around Bunge, which we've been working on for a while, and we think time is now right. But overall, we're optimistic that our Agribusiness earnings will grow, as we've outlined, but it'll be in a different way than they did historically. And then, of course, we are confident that we'll be able to grow earnings significantly in Foods over the next few years. That's a different business and one that we're building step-by-step. It's taking a little longer than we would have liked, but it's coming along.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Perfect. Thank you for that. I will pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from Farha Aslam of Stephens. Please go ahead.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Just to follow on to your last answer, which was on grain origination, that margins are going to be lower than four or five years ago. Could you share with us a little bit more color on where we should expect margins going forward versus where they were four or five years ago, perhaps around the world, because you do have grain origination around the world?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: It's a tough one to answer exactly, Farha. I don't know if I can even give you an accurate answer. But if you say order of magnitude, and don't hold me to the numbers exactly, but you want to get a feel.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Yes. That's correct.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: If the average sort of first touch margin four or five years ago was $8 to $10 a ton, it's probably $3 a ton less now or maybe $4 a ton, something like that. That's the order of magnitude. But it is not scientific. This is my gut feel.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And that's around the world or particularly (34:48)
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think that's sort of a – they're average of the U.S. and South America. I think that would be about right.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And can you reduce costs over time $3 to $4 to offset the hit?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. Yes, we can, and we have been and it will accelerate. To give you an idea, in the U.S., we're operating with higher volumes but with 20 less facilities than we had in 2013. We've been very aggressive in taking facilities out that weren't competitive and channeling that volume into more efficient facilities and upgrading them so that they can handle the increased volume. And that's making up for some of it, but it's not enough. We need to do more.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. And you always have a great handle on kind of crush margins around the world. Could you just walk us through China, South America, Europe and the U.S., kind of where current crush margins are in soy and where we can expect them to go as we get greater availability and as we go through the north-south switch that's going to happen in the next few months?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right. So in South America, Argentina and Brazil are sort of rather similar, somewhere in the $20 to $25 range for the moment. We would expect that to go closer to $30 as we get into the next couple of quarters where the industry will run at capacity. In the U.S., margins have been in the high 20s, low 30s. We would expect that to hold and then to increase to $40, $45 as we get into the fourth quarter or late third quarter. Europe is similar to South America in the mid 20s at the moment. We would expect that to expand to about $30, $35 as we get into the next couple of months. And in China, margins have been positive in the $15 to $20, so close to covering forecast, which is a bit better than we've seen in recent years. But with the heavy arrivals of soybeans over the next couple of months, we expect that Q2 and part of Q3 margins will be under pressure, probably go down $5 to $6 a ton, and then recover in the fourth quarter as it did last year to end up in the mid to high 20s.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi. Please go ahead. David, your line is now open.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yes. Sorry. I was on mute. Thank you. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Wanted to just ask a little bit about just kind of how the flow of information comes to you guys and then just a bit of a question on why the low farmer selling is so impactful to the industry right now. Because I get this question from just so many investors, where back at the Analyst Day and then even on January, you certainly seem to have a very good positive stance on what was going to happen. And then, here we are a few months later with a very poor result relative to the history of first quarters for Bunge. So I'm just wanting to understand – it's a tough business. I mean, I get that. But I'd like you to explain to us a little bit on, when farmer selling is slow and you're paying up for the product in South America, why aren't you able to charge higher prices to your end customers? Why does the industry accept such low returns? And then, related to all of these, kind of why is the visibility so low? And if I could just make a final statement here. From my point view, I don't really know what occurred that was so different, i.e., the South American crop grew, it was harvested early, much in line with expectations, the production numbers kept getting raised, but it wasn't like a shocker. So, today, on the other hand, is a shocker. You look at the numbers and they're not good. And then, it's – what happens over the course of time that makes this business so difficult to have visibility on? And then, again, back to that farmer selling issue. Why can't you charge more, given this industry seems to be not very rational and wanting to accept such low returns? Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, thanks, David. That's a mouthful. I think the first part, why our margins where they are, given that we are running at high rates of utilization. We should be earning more as an industry. And I think that is a fair point and I agree with that. What is happening at the moment – what's happened in the first quarter is that when you have to pull beans from farmers, despite the size of the crop, and you have to sort of push the product to end users who are not ready to buy anything more than the next couple of weeks because they don't see any reason to, that dynamic alone puts a squeeze on margins, as opposed to an environment where a farmer who's a willing seller and kind of pushes the beans on to the market, and an end user who is demanding the product because their margins are good. I mean that's a good environment to have. That's just not the one we had in the first quarter, and it's because there are conflicting signals. Farmers don't like prices and end users have no reason to extend full coverage because they see there's even more coming down the pike. So we're trapped at this time where that dynamic has overwritten – or was overriding the fundamentals of capacity utilization, which ultimately will come true. There's no question that as we ramp up the balance of the year and into next year, capacity utilization will dictate that we get better margins. It also speaks to the fact that we're in an industry where some consolidation probably is not a bad thing and too many people trying to do the same thing. The industry is still not disciplined in a way and that's one of the reasons this is occurring. So it's a commercial dynamic really at the moment, not a fundamental supply and demand dynamic, which is the one that we are sort of – that we are projecting our growth and income on over the next years, but it will change. (41:33)
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Will you argue this – yeah. Go ahead, please.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: You asked the second question about visibility. Visibility comes obviously month by month or as we see even weekly pricings or daily pricings from farmers in South America. And I do think that we made a point of sort of indicating that our Agribusiness range was likely to be at the lower end of it, as we went through the quarter. We weren't seeing the pricing. I think that was fairly well-advertised. And if you add in the exceptional items that we highlighted in the press release, yeah, we didn't get above $150 million (42:13) for the quarter, but we got very close to it. So I think we have set expectations that this was going to be a soft quarter for exactly these reasons. It ended up being a little bit softer, which only became clear as we finished up March. But in general, we were within the range.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Final question from me is just on your earnings power and stock buyback. So if you believe that all of this is kind of just transitory in the first quarter, and if you believe that your earnings power in the outer years is benefited by the utilization rates, why not be an aggressive buyer of your stock at prices today because it certainly looks like it's going to open down considerably? Just like to hear you thoughts on capital allocation and just being sensitive to the stock prices for share repurchase.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, the share repurchases are very much a part of our capital allocation framework. And as you know, we've been active. In fact, we were last year at the same time quite active in buying back shares because the stock was under pressure. But as we've also said, I think, back in the last couple of calls, we have a few acquisitions to close on. One, we just did with Cargill in Europe and we have the Minsa acquisition coming up here in the second quarter, and we have a commitment to maintaining a BBB credit rating. So we want to see how the next couple of months play out, but what you're saying makes absolute sense.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Wong of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask, Soren, quickly. You mentioned some of the factors around the slow selling. Just wanted to touch on grain storage down there. It wasn't something that you brought up in your discussion. I'm wondering if you can talk to what you think farmer storage is in the region and where inventory levels are now, and kind of timing aspects that could happen, as you mentioned, with the big corn crop coming.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. There's enough storage in the system between what is on farm and at the cooperative level and in commercial channels to accommodate the crop. I mean, that's what we are seeing. But there's a lot of unpriced commodity in the commercial system at the moment. So what's been taken delivery off the farm and is now in the sort of the export channel or the cross channel, be it in Argentina or Brazil, a large part of it has not been priced yet. So farmers are kind of relying on commercial storage to make up for what they don't have themselves and get the crop off the fields without having to price it. And the time is ticking on that, because that's obviously not open-ended, the market will not allow that to continue for very long. So that is one of the reasons we are fairly confident that pricing activity will increase here as we get into the last half of the second quarter. And as you know, in our P&L, the P&L is triggered when we price, not when we receive. So, that's what we're looking for. But overall, between silo bags and the total storage system, it is not necessarily physical storage that is preventing the crops from being priced.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And just a quick follow-up on that, what's the cost for farmers to hold with the commercial storage? And would they – what would force them to sell?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. That depends on the market, very specific to Argentina and Brazil have very different systems and it's even different by regions. So I can't give you a clear answer to that, but the risk for our commercial no different than in the U.S. to hold and eventually to use unpriced commodity is the carrying structure in the marketplace, and that risk has to be paid for. So somehow farmers will be charged for that. And I suspect that as they start adding that up, they'll realize that it's not a good proposition in the long run. So I think there's going to be good incentive for farmers to step up pricing here as we get into May, June and July.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then just wanted to touch on the long-term expectation (46:45) expectations for improved soybean crush utilization. And what we're hearing is that there's more and more co-ops that are looking to build out crush themselves. So I'm just wondering as you guys look out over the years and you continue to see and expect this utilization across the crush assets to improve, does that factor in? And I know you are factoring in some capacity decrease, (47:09) but does that factor in kind of smaller guys bringing on capacity in and is that even meaningful?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. It does factor in. Exactly how it turns out, only time will tell. But we are factoring in expansions by the industry, whether it's co-ops or not. But we are aware that in the U.S. in particular some co-ops have decided to expand capacity and that's been the case in the past, too. As it looks like now, it all seems to be very rational and sort of controlled expansion. And I'm not aware of anything major from that angle in South America. And in both cases, we are very happy to partner when those types of opportunities come up as we've done in so many occasions in the past, where you share capacity and find a way to utilize the assets better together than by everybody building their own, so to speak.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Excellent. Thanks so much, Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Soren, I just had a couple of follow-ups. One was I think you mentioned that the farmers also have different financing options at their disposal than maybe they've had in the past. I wanted to know if you could clarify what you meant by that. And then also, when you look at headlines in the papers about what happened to ADM and Bunge and others, the word global glut keeps coming up, global glut of grain. And you mentioned yourself your customers don't have any kind of sense of urgency to buy because they know there's more coming down the pike. So, let's say, the farmers do what the farmers have to do, but isn't it possible for that the next year or two or even more that your customers will continue to behave in that manner, and it's going just impact your forward selling?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Well, the first thing, so, for example, in Argentina at the moment, there is cheap financing available to farmers as a result of the large inflow of capital to the country over the last three or four months. That's typically not been the case. So that was one of the things that I mentioned that is now preventing the type of selling that you would expect in Argentina and why most commercials are running at almost negative inventories at a time when they should be building up. So that's one example. As for the other question, what will entice a forward consumer to extend – a consumer to extend coverage, it's obviously their margins, protecting their margins, and they're good across the chain, really, whether it is in feed or food, Europe, Asia, the Americas. Those are all good margins. And there's a lot to lose if you miss it, so to speak. I do expect that with another record crop in the U.S. in the making that global market prices will reflect this and that we will get down to levels where it is almost silly not to extend coverage, whether it is full or partial. But reality is also that up until just recently, I don't believe that neither corn nor soybean prices have reflected this global glut that you're referring to. For some reason, markets have been very, very resilient and not reflected the buildup of stocks that is now three years into the making and with another one coming. And I think there's a reckoning of that where prices will reflect it. And that I think will create the incentive for end users to extend their coverage, or, as we know, any kind of uncertainty that this might be over, that we have stopped the expansion in South America, which frankly I think we have at current prices. So, at the current prices, we don't anticipate any additional acreage to come into production over the next year, and in the U.S. maybe for the next cycle, we will have a reduction in acreage as well. That combined with any kind of weather issue, whether it's in the U.S. or in Europe or South America, I think would quickly ignite a round of forward buying like we haven't seen frankly for years because market structures were either inverted or prices were so high that it didn't make any sense. So, Robert, I mean, this can change very, very quickly. And I think price will ultimately make it attractive for end users to extend coverage and any kind of – any hint of a disruption would create the same.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you for the color.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Jones of Vertical Group. Please go ahead.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I had a just a real quick question. I don't know if I missed it. But if you've gave any color on what you're expecting for Agribusiness for Q2, could you repeat that? That's just a quick question I had.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. We're expecting it to look similar to last year, which was about $180 million of EBIT. And we're basing that on a modest increase in margins and a pickup in farmer selling to start to fill the gap of the year-to-date shortfall.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: And, Soren, you mentioned, I mean the difference between where Q1 ended and where you're anticipating farmer selling to be at, at the end of Q2, is a pretty substantial jump and you mentioned a flurry of activity last week. So I was wondering if you could give us an update on where it is today so we can have a better sense of how achievable those projections are, as far as the end of Q2.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think what Tom just said is about how we feel at the moment. But, clearly, May and June should be big months for us, and they could be really big. And if it doesn't occur in Q2, it will in Q3. I mean, we are at the cusp of all this pricing coming at us. So, right now, I think the best number that I can give you is what Tom just said. It could be higher, I guess, it could also be lower, but I think it's a good point to have.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: I think I miscommunicated. I mean, can you give us an updated sense of where the farmer selling is? So you mentioned like where is it at, yeah.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Okay. So we expect roughly – I believe it was about 9% additional selling in April, so that would bring us up to about 50% sold in Brazil, maybe a little bit more. So we still have about 20% to price sort of to meet our projections between now and the end of the second quarter.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And as the commercialization timeframe gets pushed out, I mean do you think we run the risk of a significant proportion being pushed to 2018, just honestly given the logistical challenges of marketing such a large bean and corn crop at the same time? I mean, as it gets pushed out, does it make it more likely that some of it gets pushed to 2018?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, we've reduced the guidance for the Agribusiness because of this time effect that we don't think we can make up for the shortfall in the first quarter. So that was a reason for taking the lower end of the range down to $800 million. But most of the – let's say, the P&L for us is more a matter of when we price rather than the volumes we actually move. So it's more about pricing, what has already been delivered into the system and pricing subsequent crops. And as you remember last year in Q3, which is typically the quarter in which we price a lot of the next year's crop in South America, it was very, very low for us. There was a big variance in the Q3 result. So that's the type of thing that will be more important to, say, the P&L realization as the year progresses as opposed to handling more crop. And we do expect the Agribusiness volumes to be up 7%, 8% for the year and they were up about that in the first quarter and that is all within our ability to handle. So that's not the physical part of it is not an issue. It's really the pricing which triggers the P&L and that doesn't have to be commodity that is executed to deliver in the current year. That can be for the subsequent year. So it's really about unfreezing the liquidity from the producer, which, as I mentioned, we believe will be happening here over the next couple of months.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: I'm honestly surprised of how confident you sound that it's going to be priced and you've sort of commented a few minutes ago about the market won't allow this to continue, which seems like that's what's giving you your confidence. So I was wondering if you could elaborate what you mean by the market's not going to allow this to continue.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: So what I – okay, it was perhaps a wrong choice of words. What I meant was that commodities that have been delivered and not priced. There are commercial agreements as to when they have to be priced by. So it's a timing effect that is contractual. That's all I meant by that.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. And you mentioned M&A earlier, and that was going to be one of my questions.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: So, as someone else alluded to earlier in Q&A, I mean this has been going on for several years and the glut, to use a cliché, has only gotten worse. What is your sense about the appetite for M&A? Because it seems like, clearly, the farmers have become more sophisticated, and not just in U.S., the South America, and no one talks about it that much, but in other regions as well and large customers are disintermediating. So it seems like there's got to be some M&A at the top and with the commercial grain handlers. And so, I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what you think that appetite is relative to, say, a year ago? I mean, is it becoming increasingly obvious that something has to happen?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think it is. I think to be very frank, yeah, I think consolidation, in which ever form, is becoming more obvious that it's needed at the grain handling level or global distribution. I think that is a fair point. The way we've gone about that so far is by being very active in building regional partnership, whether it was with AMAGGI last year in Brazil, with Wilmar in Vietnam. What we're doing in Canada is in partnership. Most of what we've done in Argentina over the years has been in partnership, Paraguay. And we'll continue to pursue that. It doesn't mean we won't look at anything bigger than that. But somehow combining, creating efficiency, synergies, findings ways to operate at higher levels of utilization and at lower cost with others in the industry is clearly a path forward that we are very interested in pushing, promoting. And we've done what we could so far.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: And it sounds like you have been pushing these partnerships, but it sounds like you agree that it needs to be on a larger scale as opposed to these more regional partnerships.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: It can be at any scale.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: But on a global basis, don't we need it at a larger scale to match what's happened on the customer source level?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: It could be, Heather. We're certainly open to look at anything that creates value for shareholders and makes us more efficient. So there's no argument against that.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Thank you so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks and good morning. I guess it just seems to me that there's probably too much capacity at the origination crush level, particularly in South America, because giving the farmer the optionality to hold on to his crops for so long. So I guess the question to me is fairly simple. Why isn't there a broader restructuring led by the large scale originators and crushers to reduce that optionality for the farmer and force him to market his product on a more ratable basis? Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think farmers are smart and they will find ways to manage themselves in a very intelligent way. So that being said, I do agree with you that there is opportunity and we have participated in a lot of that over the years, and we will continue to pursue it to consolidate and make our global systems more efficient. I think the grain handling piece is clearly an area of opportunity, I think more so frankly that crush. Crush, I think we can see that eventually capacity utilization will dictate improvement in margins. You have to, over the next two or three years, get to margins that encourage expansion. That is clearly not the case at the current margin structure. So that is, I think, a bit of a separate discussion, but basic grain handling, I agree with you, and global distribution for that matter. There is plenty of room to consolidate and we are happy to participate and where we can, lead it.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And can I ask you on Sugar and Fertilizer? On Sugar, you've got hedges on this year that are favorable. Can you give us a rough size of that so we can adjust our 2018 estimate to assume that those hedge benefits don't recur? And then on Fertilizer, I was surprised. I see data showing fertilizer imports up into Brazil, up about 15% or so. I would have thought that would have helped you year-to-date. And what am I missing on that? Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, the Fertilizer really for us is mostly Argentina. All we really have in Brazil is barter arrangements with various fertilizer suppliers and have pull through and activity in the first quarter there was very low. And Argentina is now in the part of the year where nothing really happens. It's all second half, third and fourth quarter, as they plant their crops. But what was the first question? Sugar. Okay, Sugar hedges.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Sugar hedges.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, right, Sugar hedges. Yes, I mean we have hedged the vast majority of our sugar production for this year at very nice levels, which, as Tom said, gives us confidence that we will reach the range that we have indicated. At current prices for sugar and the forward curve of the Brazilian currency, plus the productivity improvements that we expect to realize through the next cycle, we think we can hold similar earnings into next year without sugar going back up to where it was. So around the $0.17 – $0.16, $0.17 level in the nearby we should be able to replicate this year's result next year by productivity improvements.
Vincent Stephen Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. I appreciate it.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning to everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Just summary questions, just kind of making sure, a lot of things have been asked. But, first of all, when you're talking about your delay of earnings, does that mean that you lose it permanently or that just moves into 2018? So the actual earnings cycle, although obviously it's a fiscal year and we care about December to December, does it change the earnings cycle around when the farmer does eventually sell?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I think the cycle, if you sort of look 12 months ahead all the time, is absolutely intact, so no changes there. But the first quarter, where we realized margins in the mid-20s in crush, for example, versus our early expectations of somewhere above 30%, that you can't make up for. So, one of the reasons why we've reduced the guidance somewhat, but 12 months ahead, we feel the same way about the earnings power of the business as we did back at the beginning of the year.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. One of your largest competitor yesterday came out and said, look, our WACC needs to be taken down and therefore, our return on invested capital, but you guys have a similar goal, where it's 200 basis points above your WACC as well. Would that change again your earnings power in any way? And how do you think about? Is there any thoughts for you to adjust your WACC and then therefore take down your overall long-term earnings guidance?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, not at all.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Third question. When you're thinking about SG&A and reducing SG&A, it seems like there's something going on there. Is that a permanent step up to earnings in the future? Will that be additive? Will that be just to make up for the increased capacity? How do you think about that relative number?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think, short-term, it will help bridge the gap to sort of the medium term projections that we gave, give us more confidence that we can get there without the markets helping us. In the longer term, I think it's a boost to overall earnings because the circumstances, as you know, can change very quickly. It doesn't take much for this to be a glut, to be a market where global consumers are demanding what we produce and therefore, margins adjust very, very quickly. And in that kind of environment, it would obviously be in addition to. But I think what we feel about it is that the environment is undeniably more competitive than it has been and we have to adjust. And we have invested and thought about this for quite a while, but Tom decided time is now. And we've made adjustments to SG&A over the last couple of years. We're down quite a bit. Actually, if you go back over the last three or four years, our SG&A has fallen steadily. A lot of that has been because of foreign exchange, but a lot of it has also been structural improvements, particularly in Brazil that we've made. But we think we can take it another step up. And as Tom mentioned, we will explain that in more detail as the program becomes more clear and we start implementing it over the next couple of quarters.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mark Hayden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Nicole, thank you, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. And also, we will be participating on a variety of different investor conferences in the New York City area over the next month and a half. So we expect to see and hope to see many of you there. Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-15 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Vice President, Investor Relations. You may begin, sir.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Tom Boehlert, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Please go to Slide number 3. Bunge finished the year on a strong note, and we're optimistic about 2017. The fourth quarter came in about as expected, with sequential improvement in crush and export performance to North America. Food & Ingredients showed significant year-over-year improvement, and our sugar milling business set a record for the quarter and the year, despite rain disruptions during December. We generated $1.5 billion of funds from operations and kept our Agri-Foods return at 1.6% above cost of capital. So, looking back at 2016, I feel good about our accomplishments in a very challenging market environment. Let's move to Slide number 4. Let's have a look at some of our strategic accomplishments during the year, which are helping us build sustainable value in Bunge. Having the right balance both in terms of capital allocation and business mix is one of our top priorities. On the back of the strong cash generation, we grew our dividend again by 11%, purchased $200 million of common shares for a total of $457 million returned to shareholders. CapEx for the year finished at $784 million, and we are tracking $275 million below our 2014 to 2017 CapEx target for our Agri-Foods operations. We grew our value-added portfolio through a number of bolt-on acquisitions. Our success in acquiring Walter Rau Neusser was a small but important step towards building out our global B2B oils business. And the acquisition of Ana Gida, a leading bottled oil company in Turkey, will complement our existing crush and oil business there and expose us to growth in a very dynamic region. And Grupo Minsa, a leading North American corn flour producer, will complement our existing wheat milling business in Mexico and increase our value-added offerings to B2B customers in the United States. Protecting our global footprint is also a priority. It's one of our key strengths and allows us to serve customers year round. It reduces volatility and exposes us to growth. In Brazil, we replaced our Rio de Janeiro mill with a lower cost, more efficient facility and we are well advanced in operating our export terminal in New Orleans. We completed a multi-seed crush plant in the Ukraine in the same location as our port facility, and we have our first rapeseed plant coming on stream in China, as we speak. In addition, we are acquiring 2 million tons of soy crush capacity in Northern Europe, which complements our existing Southern European presence very nicely. We expect to close on that transaction in the first quarter. Growing through partnerships is an important part of our strategy. We created strategic joint ventures in Brazil, Canada and Vietnam, which are improving our competitive position in these key markets and will allow us to grow in a capital-efficient way. We also expanded access to critical markets through distribution partnerships, such as the one signed with OFI in the Philippines for oil distribution in the Asia-Pacific region. And we're also focused on cost. In 2014, we committed to a $345 million improvement program through 2017, of which we have achieved $255 million to-date. Our target in 2016 was $125 million which we exceeded by $10 million and we have an additional $100 million planned for this year. We also continue to build a strong global talent bench, and we've been active on the sustainability front, making sure that our value chains minimize carbon emissions, optimize water use and protect against deforestation. Now, looking forward, growing earnings in a meaningful way remains the number one focus, and we believe conditions are favorable to do that this year. The Agribusiness environment looks better now than at the same time last year. Strong demand for proteins and oils will increase crush utilization and margins, and gross commercialization of crops will normalize with the arrival of record crops in South America. In Food & Ingredients, we expect 2017 to be a year of growth in earnings, driven by an increased share of added-value products and overall volumes. And in sugar milling, we are confident in another jump in earnings, while we continue to look for the best way to reduce exposure to the business. So, in summary, we are very focused on building an industry-leading, integrated Agri-Food business, focused on grains and oilseeds and we expect that 2017 will be a year of further progress on executing our strategy and confident in the earnings growth we outlined at Investor Day. Now, I'd like to welcome Tom to his first earnings call. Tom started with Bunge just before the holidays and will be an important contributor to our success with a particular focus on driving a cost advantage position as well as on capital allocation and realizing our strategy. I'll now turn the call over to him for further highlights on the financials and the outlook for the year.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you very much, Soren, and hello, everybody. Let's turn to the earnings highlights on Slide 5. Reported fourth quarter earnings per share from continuing operations were $1.83 compared to $1.31 in the fourth quarter of 2015. Adjusted EPS were $1.70 in the fourth quarter versus $1.49 in the prior year. The Agribusiness performed relatively well in a still challenging market environment. The Food & Ingredients and Sugar & Bioenergy businesses had strong quarters, outperforming the prior year. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $403 million versus $294 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, EBIT increased to $362 million from $337 million in 2015. 2016 was adjusted down by $41 million, primarily as a result of gains on dispositions, partially offset by impairments. 2015 was adjusted up by $43 million, primarily due to impairments. Agribusiness had a reasonable performance, even though adjusted EBIT decreased by $31 million to $237 million in the fourth quarter 2016 compared to $268 million in the prior comparable quarter. The $31 million decrease resulted from a $51 million decrease in oilseeds, partially offset by $20 million increase in grains. Global soy crush volumes were similar to the comparable quarter in the prior year, but margins were under pressure due to softer meal demand. Crush margins in Asia have shown some improvement after a period of negative returns. Soft seed results improved compared to a year ago as a result of improved vegetable oil demand and cheaper seeds in Canada and Europe. The $20 million increase in grains was primarily the result of significantly higher volumes and margins in North America resulting from record crops. Overall, Agribusiness results were lower than the comparable period last year primarily because, while risk management results were positive, there were fewer opportunities in the markets this year as compared to last year. Food & Ingredients' adjusted EBIT increased by $24 million to $70 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared to $46 million in the prior comparable quarter. The $24 million increase was attributable to a $15 million increase in edible oils and a $9 million increase in milling. The increase in edible oils primarily resulted from improvements in Brazil, where restructuring of the business and an increase in market share came through the results, as well as in India where we saw higher margins. The $9 million increase in milling adjusted EBIT was also primarily the result of improvement in Brazil, driven by the contribution of Pacifico and restructuring of the business. This was partially offset by a reduction in milling results in North America due to the devaluation in the Mexican peso and competitive pressures. Sugar & Bioenergy quarterly adjusted EBIT was $30 million compared to $10 million in the prior period, a $20 million increase. The increase was primarily the result of higher sugar and ethanol prices, partially offset by lower crush volume resulting from rains in December. Our cost reduction in agricultural improvement programs continues to support the results in the segment. Biofuels made a positive contribution, which was offset by a loss associated with our renewable oils joint venture. Fertilizer adjusted EBIT increased to $25 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 from $13 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. Fertilizer volumes increased as a result of increased corn and soybean planted acreage in Argentina, where prices were lower due to global oversupply. The segment also benefited from an $11 million accrual reversal of natural gas tariffs payable. The full tax year expense – the full-year tax expense was $220 million resulting in a 22% reported tax rate. Excluding notable items, the full-year tax rate was 24%. Full-year interest expense was $234 million, which benefited from a $10 million reversal of interest accrued on the Argentine gas tariff in the fourth quarter and a $16 million credit for interest avoided in a Brazilian tax amnesty settlement also in the fourth quarter, which was reflected as a notable item. Let's turn to Page 6 and our cash flow highlights. We generated $1.5 billion of funds from operations in 2016. The increase of $100 million over 2015 reflects lower interest from taxes in 2016, partially offset by lower adjusted EBIT as compared to 2015. Let's turn to Page 7 and our capital allocation process. Our top priorities are to maintain both a BBB credit ratings as well as access to committed liquidity sufficient to comfortably support our Agribusiness flows. We are rated BBB by all three rating agencies and had $5 billion of available committed credit at yearend. Within that capital structure and liquidity framework, we allocate capital amongst CapEx, portfolio optimization, which includes acquisitions, investments and divestitures and to shareholders in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. We invested $784 million in CapEx in 2016. The primary growth CapEx projects were the completion of the Rio wheat mill and the Ukrainian port and crushing plant and the upgrade of our New Orleans port facility. CapEx also included $131 million related to the sugar business, the majority of which was for planting sugarcane. We generated $142 million in net proceeds from our portfolio activities through the combination of the divestiture of part of our interest in Terfron and our crush JV in Vietnam along with the acquisition of Walter Rau. And we returned $457 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. The balance of the $1.5 billion of funds from operations generated in 2016 will be applied to closing of the previously announced Minsa, Ana Gida and European soy crush plant acquisitions and repayment of $250 million of maturing senior notes. In the fourth quarter, we completed the last in a series of three successful note offerings during the year, totaling just over $1.5 billion. Let's move on to Slide 5 (sic) [Slide 8] and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-year average return on invested capital was 7.4% overall and 8.6% for our core Agri and Foods businesses, 1.6 percentage points above our cost of capital. Our goal is to earn 2 percentage points above our cost of capital on the Agri and Food businesses. Let's look at the outlook on Slide 9. We expect an improved environment and normalized results for the Agribusiness in 2017. 2016 results were negatively impacted by the previous year's small soft seed crops, lower than expected meal demand due to higher than usual inclusion of wheat and feed formulations, and low advanced sales of the 2017 crop by farmers in Brazil. Looking forward to 2017, we expect good demand for protein and oil and record crops in soybeans and soft seeds. This should increase capacity utilization rates and crush margins, as large crops become commercialized as the year progresses. This environment would imply a return to the historical annual EBIT levels, which range between $895 million and $1.05 billion in the 2012-to-2015 period. The first quarter has started out slow. Crush margins in the Northern Hemisphere are average, but still soft in South America. Farmer selling continues to significantly lag average rates, but we expect to see an increase in activity as the harvest progresses in Brazil. These dynamics would dictate a first quarter EBIT in the range of $150 million to $200 million, although I would emphasize that market dynamics can change quite quickly. We would expect the Food & Ingredients business to contribute – to continue its upward momentum and generate EBIT in the range of $270 million to $290 million for the year. Our operational and commercial actions over the last two years have resulted in a leaner, more efficient business model with greater share of higher value products. We expect this will result in higher volumes and margins in 2017. For the first quarter, we expect EBIT to be approximately 20% higher than the first quarter of 2016 once last year's results are reduced by a $12 million mark-to-market benefit recorded in that period. On Slide 10, we expect the environment for sugar and Brazilian ethanol to remain positive and combined with our efficiency investments made in recent years to result in EBIT in the range of $100 million to $120 million in 2017. A substantial portion of our sugar production is hedged at a level that supports this outlook. The mills are not expected to begin to operate until the end of the first quarter due to the usual seasonal nature of the business. We expect fertilizer EBIT to be approximately $30 million for the year, which would be earned largely in the second half of the year, corresponding to the planting season in Argentina. We expect our 2017 tax rate to be between 24% and 27%, net interest expense in the range of $200 million to $225 million, DD&A to be approximately $550 million and CapEx to be in the range of $750 million to $800 million. All in all, we continue to have confidence in our full-year outlook for the reasons outlined, but expect a slow start to the year in the first quarter. Before we turn to questions, I'd like to just echo the comments Soren made earlier when introducing me. My shared objective at Bunge is to increase earnings per share, while maintaining a reasonable return on invested capital, both over the near and long term. So, to that end, my priorities will be to improve efficiency and reduce costs, particularly in the area of SG&A; allocate capital in a disciplined way; prudently manage risk; and contribute to the overall strategic direction of the company. We will now turn the call over for questions.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin our question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Partners.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Thank you. Could you discuss any insights you might have into when we might begin to see better soy meal inclusion rates? And given the significant spread that exists between feed and milling prices, to what extent do you expect wheat owners to blend feed wheat with higher quality wheat to draw down some of these inventories?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think it's already started. What I mean by started is returning to normal inclusion rates on a global basis. The spread for any volume available wheat to soybean meal has come in quite a bit since that dramatic divergence happened in the second quarter. So, we are seeing solid demand for soybean meal. Things are improving. Global trade in meal is up. And as we move into, certainly, the second quarter and third quarter, we expect this to continue. So, the amount of available feed wheat that's actually available for global trade is limited. And so, you probably have to look closer to milling value to get a real sense of the substitutability. And from that perspective, things have narrowed nicely over the last six months.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, you discussed the improvement you're seeing in Brazil in your Food & Ingredients business from Pacifico...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: And restructuring. What's your outlook for underlying demand in the region? And how much more is there in 2017 in terms of productivity gains that can be extracted in the event that demand does not rebound in line with your expectations?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Brazil actually hasn't rebounded yet. I think the expectations are that Brazil will return to some kind of growth or, at least, stop declining by the third quarter or the fourth quarter of this year. I will see – relative to our early expectations, we'd probably push that timetable out six months. So, the fourth quarter and frankly also the first quarter of this year, we don't really expect any improvement in underlying consumer behavior and that is evidenced by retail indexes in Brazil that suggest that even the first quarter is going to be year – down year-over-year. So, all the improvements we've seen in Brazil really in the last year in Bunge have been from our internal optimization and restructuring programs, most of which have been around the milling business. There's always something left. We are in a continuous journey. We've got $100 million of performance improvement benefits planned for this year, of which roughly half is in Food & Ingredients and a good part of that is in Brazil. So, although we expect a slow start to the year, as Tom suggested, we still have things we can do to become leader in all of Bunge, but also in Brazil. And we expect that, that will still give us a year with growth in earnings. And then, hopefully, as we get into the second half of the year, we will see a pickup from the consumer in Brazil. But we feel pretty certain by now that it won't be in the first half.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: That's very helpful. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I wanted to ask about the new crushing plant announcement that you put out on – I think it was like January 9. I think this is the new – or the first new plant in North America for Bunge in 15 years. And I think you said that it will come online in the end of 2019, but I don't really know the size or the capital costs or when you break ground. I'd be interested in those things. But the real big question here, Soren, is kind of why make the announcement now? At Analyst Day, I thought that the message was that crush margins needed to increase to encourage new capacity investments. And then, your 2017 comments here, it sounds like Agribusiness is normal on the year, but first quarter is actually coming off to a slow start. So, I'm guessing you're not seeing the indications that would suggest that one should add new capacity at the same point in time you've made this announcement. Can you pull everything together for us? And I really want to keep focused on the bigger picture comments, too, about where the crushing industry is headed. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Well, yes, sure. Thanks, David. Soy crush margins are actually better on average than they were the same time a year ago. On average, probably $3 to $5 a ton, a little bit depending on the region. The picture we presented at Investor Day of a continuous improvement in capacity utilization on the back of growing meal demand is absolutely intact. So, our two-year to three-year view of getting up to that 85% to 90% utilization in key regions during the peak periods, we feel very strongly about and particularly, in the U.S., where both domestic meal demand but also exports continue to grow at a brisk pace. So, when you plan for these types of, let's say, major investments, the lead time until completion is they can be anywhere from two to three years. We have still not determined exactly the size of the plant yet. In any event, it will be a scalable plant. But exactly the size of it hasn't been determined. That will happen over the next three to six months. And so, by the time this plant is ready to run and supply the market you are talking, I would say, at least, 2019, it could even be a little bit later than that. And this, you have to see within the context of Bunge's position within the Eastern part of United States, where we have a very strong position that is fully integrated with our downstream Food business of refining and packaging, but also made up of several many smaller plants that we will either have to invest significant amount of additional capacity and keeping competitive or, as we are doing now, looking towards the future and saying that, in reality, the future real growth demand domestically and exports should probably be supplied by fewer, larger plants. So, it is – in anticipation of all that, that we're putting the announcement out now, exactly how it all plays out in three years, we'll deal with when we get there. But these are big lead time projects. But the overall story around soya crush and the margin expansion that we anticipate is absolutely intact.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And, Soren, just to be clear, do you think that margins need to expand from where they are today to encourage further investment or are margins sufficient at present levels?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, they will have to expand further. So, we look at – so, we had a bit of a setback in global crush margins on the back of the Q2 formulation switch last year, and it's taken us most of the balance of 2016 to get back to normal. And as I mentioned earlier, the starting point for 2017 is a better one than it was the same time last year. But I think we are still a good $6 a ton to $7 a ton on average for where margins will be or should be given the supply and demand of capacity that we outlined at Investor Day. So, we are certainly expecting this year as the year progresses, but also looking into 2018 and 2019, a continuous improvement of margins from where they are now. And I'm – don't hold me to it exactly, but I'm guessing in the $7 average type of range per ton.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: One follow-up – thank you. One follow-up for me on the first quarter. Can you guys just comment on what's the implication of an earlier South American harvest on your franchises. Some of your competitors have commented about it and that it hurts North America. But given the size of your South American footprint, can you just kind of put the two pieces together about what it means when we have an earlier South American harvest?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, under normal circumstances, with an early South American harvest, where you both have soybeans and corn available, it would clearly be good for us, given our footprint in Brazil in particular. But because of the drought in Brazil in the corn growing areas last year, there is no corn exports left. And therefore, the U.S. will continue to supply the world market with corn probably until April and May when Argentina gets back on stream. But South America will take over the soybean market. As we speak, that transition is already ongoing. But as opposed to previous years, where you've had both corn and soybeans available in a competitive way out of South America, this year, it's really only the soybeans that switched first. So, it's a mixed story, really.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hello, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. Maybe following up on David's question. Could you talk little bit about the devaluation of the peso and what that would do to your different business segments?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, the Argentine – or the Mexican peso, I presume?
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Mexican peso, sorry, yes.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. All right. Okay. Well, I mean, it's clearly hurting our translation gains into U.S. dollars and that's – I think Tom mentioned that in his commentary about Q4 and it also will play into the early part of this year. So, that's not a good thing. That being said, underlying demand and off-take for both our milling and I believe also to corn products, Mexico is still strong. So, margins in local currency were actually quite good. It's just the translation to dollars that will hurt us. So, the underlying business is healthy. But as we saw in Brazil in 2015, the translation of earnings obviously has an impact.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And then, I'm assuming, with the weaker Mexican peso, Mexico may turn to South America more for sourcing of some its commodities. Is that a fair estimation?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I wouldn't say that's the case, at least, not at this point. We don't really see any change in trade flows. South America – sorry, North America, both in terms of corn and soybeans, are obviously more than well supplied with mounting surpluses. So, that will remain the cheapest origin for most of the flows of corn beans and also wheat, assuming that the flows are normal. So, at this point, I wouldn't see any dramatic change.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. And then, just taking a step back, when you look at the different businesses and the outlook for EBIT, where do you think the biggest risks are today as you look into 2017?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: If you start with the smallest – the smaller segments of Sugar and Food & Ingredients and Fertilizer, I think we feel pretty confident about the ranges we've outlined. So, somewhere around $400 million to $450 million in total for those I think is fairly, fairly high probability. In Agribusiness, it's a range, as Tom outlined, from roughly $900 million to $1.05 billion. The low side of that range would most likely be a result of disappointing farmer selling, although we don't really expect that, given how undersold the South American farmer is. That can happen. We've seen it before. So, it would be a result of lower farmer pricing. And then, another shock or something that would alter the feed inclusion of soybean meal and, let's say, get us back to a flat rather than a 3% growth, which is what we've got plugged in for the year, would have an impact on soy crushing margins. So, I think soy crush margins related to meal demand and farmer pricing are the two variables that will, sort of, get us to the lower end of the range. But as we've seen in the past, it can quickly go the other way, too. So, I think, for now, the middle point of that range is about right.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks for the color. I'll get back in line. I appreciate it.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe, Soren, following up on something you just said in talking about farmer selling in South America. Given how undersold the farmer is today and given what looks to be a bumper soybean crop and should be good safrinha corn planted acres at least in Brazil, how – can you walk through the circumstances for how they actually remain undersold? I mean, talk about storage capabilities, especially in Montegrosso can you talk about competition levels that you're seeing in originating some of the corn and the beans, port capacity utilization, logistics that would really kind of mitigate or offset what should be a fairly large crop that should be coming to market over the balance of the year?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, the real has just printed new highs against – recent new highs against the dollar, and that's not helping things at the moment. But we are a good 10%, maybe even a little bit more by now behind pricing this Brazilian soybean crop. And the crop is, as you mentioned, 10 million tons bigger than it was last year. So, we believe – do believe that, as we get into March, March and April will be the months when we'll start seeing brisk pre-selling. At the moment, farmers are delivering against existing contracts, which kind of make sense. But we will get back to normal levels of pricing by, let's say, the middle or end of the second quarter. So, we've got a lot of pricing ahead of us. And almost none of the new crop corn or the safrinha corn has been priced partly because prices at the moment are below the minimum price that's guaranteed by the Brazilian Government. So, there's no incentive from any farmers to sell in advance. But plantings are ahead of schedule. Conditions are great. So, it looks like we will have a very large safrinha corn crop, and it will come to market sometime in the latter part of our summer, but almost none of it sold in advance. So, I really do believe that we will have brisk pricing ahead. It's just a slow start to the year. Our footprint in Brazil will allow us to spread all those volumes in a very efficient way around the entire port infrastructure from the north to the south. Our execution cost should be the lowest in the industry. So, as you say, competition for grain at the farm level has intensified over the last couple of years. But I believe we will be able to offset that – compensate for that through very excellent execution and the footprint that we have. So, we look forward to some active months really starting in March and then throughout the balance of the spring.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And does the timing of that sale if it's happening later in the calendar year, does that have any impact on margins in your eyes?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: On the crush margins or origination margins?
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Origination margins.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I mean, typically, brisk concentrated periods of selling has a tendency to expand margins and the opposite when it's stretched out. So, it is certainly not – if it's stretched out, it's not good for margins. That's clear. But as I mentioned, I really believe that our footprint, our ability to manage logistics in a very organized, programmatic way, I think, can compensate for a large part of that.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And can you provide any color on activity levels, both on the origination side as well as kind of the soy crush outlook for Argentina? It seems like the soy crop there might be a little bit smaller than initial expectations, had some weather issues – quality was a big issue last year.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But can you talk about how Argentina is shaping up?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, huge corn crop coming, so that's – I mean, that's pretty much guaranteed by now. So, that will – Argentina will be the first world origin to alleviate the export pressure on the U.S., starting in April. So, that will be good. Farmers have sold some of their new crop, but there's a lot that remains to be priced. Soybeans, almost nothing has been priced for new crop and the crop actually is – if anything, it's bouncing back. So, the decline has – is not as dramatic as I think many people expected maybe a few weeks ago. And if anything, it's probably at least 55 million tons, maybe a little bit more. We expect the Argentine farmer to be a seller of his crop when he harvest it in April, May and June. We expect to run at full speed in crush in Argentina in the second quarter and certainly most of the third quarter. The market will need Argentina to run at capacity, both for oil and for meal demand. So, we expect margins to be good, better than last year during the same period, where we have a lot of disruptions, as you mentioned. And then, the fourth quarter is a question mark. And in all likelihood, given the somewhat smaller crop, there will be some retention in the fourth quarter. There's a new tax – or the tax reduction coming on exports of soybeans and products early part of 2018, and the farmers will surely take that into account as they decide how much of their – the last part of the crop that they market. So, you could see a situation in the fourth quarter where a lot of demand flips back to the United States, which would actually suit everybody very nicely. But the second and the third quarters should be big quarters in Argentina with all of the installed capacity running more or less at full.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's very helpful. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And, Soren, with the restrictions on U.S. DDG exports out of the U.S. in both China and Vietnam, how is that affecting your crush facilities in those two countries?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: In China and Vietnam? Okay. Well, in the case of both of them, it means somehow more domestic soybean meal demand, which is good for margins and should support continued improvement in crush in both regions. Crush margins in China has structurally improved, I would say, from where we were at the beginning of last year and certainly much improved from where we were in 2015. So, I think this will just be another element that gets China and Vietnam for that matter back to the type of margin structure that we should have had all along, which should be a premium to that of the origins. We haven't seen that for a few years. But hopefully, that's now coming. So, positive for destination crush, yes, that's it.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: So, that – we should get that in fiscal 2017?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. We would – we certainly expect an improvement in our crushing operations in China in 2017. 2016 was already a nice improvement from 2015, and we expect that will carry through into 2017. In fact, 2017, 2018, 2019, as capacity utilization continues to improve in China, it should show improvement in margins as well.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And then, switching to Walter Rau. You made that acquisition in October. Could you share with us what learnings you've gotten from that acquisition, how that's – you're weaving that through the rest of your edible oils business and what opportunities that's giving you?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. So, the Walter Rau from an investment perspective was relatively modest. But the knowhow and the skills, the innovation, the products that Walter Rau has particularly in the area of food service and bakery are ones that we are able to transfer to many other parts of Bunge. So, our global segment team is busy at doing that. And within Europe, but not only in Europe, also transfer of knowledge to United States to Brazil, we have also gotten insight and been connected to many customers that we didn't have in the past, and some of that we can talk about in subsequent calls perhaps. But we've been introduced to global accounts that we didn't service before but we now have the opportunity to serve. So, I think, from a synergy – commercial synergy perspective, Walter Rau is meeting all our expectations plus some, although it is a relatively modest-sized business from looking at the outside, but we're very happy with it.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And so, the improvement you're expecting in your edible oils business in 2017, is it driven by developed markets or recovery in Brazil?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I would say it is primarily an improvement in North America and in Europe. Brazil had a reasonable year last year in oils. We expect that particularly our bottled oil business will remain strong in Brazil, but it's really about the B2B food service and – food service and bakery segments in the northern hemisphere where we expect margin improvement by shifting out of commoditized volume into more specialty, more complex, more innovative products where Walter Rau plays in, for example, perfectly well. So, it is a margin improvement, shifting commoditized volumes towards added value as we described it in Investor Day and it won't – it doesn't take much of a shift to get a big benefit.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. So, net, I don't need an improvement in Brazil for you to hit your Food and Ag outlook number. Is that right?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Relative to this past year, we would certainly say that, in the Ag side of things, we would expect improvement in terms of farmer pricing compared to the previous year. And we do expect that some of, let's say, the run rate synergies coming off the Pacifico and the Rio de Janeiro wheat mill will add to EBIT in the milling sector in 2017. I think there's about $12 million to $15 million of additional EBIT that we haven't fully realized yet out of those two investments that should come through in 2017. So, some improvement in Brazil in Food & Ingredients. And on the, let's say, farmer pricing side, last year was a slow year in Brazil. We would expect that to pick up a little bit.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: But you don't expect an improvement in the economy of Brazil for you to make...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No, no, not really, no. We are not expecting that the economy as such is going to help us realize an improved EBIT. We certainly – it seems pretty clear that, through the midyear mark, Brazil will still be finding the bottom in terms of retail sales of all kinds. And I think that's reflected in many recent articles by others. Maybe, by the fourth quarter, we'll see a bit of a bounce. But in terms of planning for this year, in Bunge, we're not assuming an economic recovery of any size.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Jones with the Vertical Group.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Thank you, and good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Just wanted to start really quickly on Q1. So, I think you said that, on average, crush margins are meaningfully higher than they were last year this time. So, it looks you're guiding to roughly $225 million in total segment EBIT. So, is it fair to assume that you're projecting a very dramatic decline year-on-year in the grains portion of the Agribusiness segment?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We – I think that's fair to say that the Q1 grain P&L, grain origination path, new pricing and margin will be slower than usual. Crush margins are better. I wouldn't say meaningfully better, but they're better than last year on average. So, that's a better beginning, so to speak. But we're also not really assuming that there will be any major opportunities from a risk perspective in the first quarter. Everything is priced well, let's put it that way. There are no obvious dislocations. So, whereas last year's first quarter included nice gains from risk management, we are not assuming any of that this year, but that can change very, very quickly. As Tom said, markets are really dynamic. But in giving you a bit of a sense of what the first quarter can look like, we have not included any of that.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. I'm thinking about going with the whole dislocation discussion. So, there's discussions in Mexico. They – some government officials there are proposing they begin to shift some of their sourcing from the U.S. to South America. So, I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of what proportion of your U.S. exports, if any, go to Mexico, and I'm thinking specifically in corn.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. For us, it's relatively modest. It's – the majority of our flows out of the U.S. are actually to other Central American destinations than Mexico. And soybeans, as an example, are – almost none of them go to Mexico from Bunge's perspective. So, I don't think the export part of Bunge would be impacted in any significant way. And the extent to which there is any switching that takes place to South America, frankly, it all depends on price. And at the moment, it doesn't work. So, there would have to be something else that triggers it and that's – I think it's way too early to tell whether that could happen or not. But I think, in general, buyers around the world are – they're always scanning for global pricing to see how close you are. We had examples over the last couple of years where we even imported Russian wheat to our milling operations in Mexico. I mean, that could happen again. But I don't really foresee a structural shift of any size, unless it is driven by some kind of a trade disruption – left to the markets alone, I would be surprised if it's anything of meaningful size.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Right. And going to your comments on the Brazilian farmer selling. So, the situation over the past few years as far as slow U.S. farmer selling was more protracted than anyone anticipated. So, I was wondering if you could compare and contrast U.S. farmers versus Brazilian farmers. And what capabilities does the Brazilian farmer have to refrain from selling for a sustained period of time? Like, could you talk about their storage capabilities, financing or whatever? What could up-end your projection and they'd be able to refrain from selling in the face of a large crop, meaningfully longer than you would have anticipated?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think, in general, as time goes by, farmers everywhere become more and more sophisticated. We saw it in the U.S. The same thing will probably happen over time in Brazil. But the – this economic strength of the average Brazilian farmer is probably not what the U.S. farmer was, if you go back a couple of years. So, the balance sheets are still a bit tighter. And so, from medium to smaller sized farmers, I believe that a lot of it will still flow sort of from the combined – or from the harvest in much the same way as it has. Larger – and some of the really large farmers in Brazil are – have very large – certainly have most of the infrastructure in place to do as they like in terms of storing or holding back or managing margins against further – sales into deferred periods. But the relationship that we have with all those farmers means that we ultimately do get – we do get the opportunity to buy the grain. It may not always be at harvest, but it comes in a later period. I don't really anticipate – given the size of the crop this year, this is an all-time record crop in Brazil. And the last couple of years have not been so good for the average farmer in Brazil. I don't expect significant retention. I think they will be selling simply for cash flow needs as we get into the spring and people start preparing for next year's planting intentions in the third quarter. So, don't expect anything structural to take place this year. But in general, as we saw in the U.S. over time, the farmers find ways to manage their selling and their cash flows like they have in the U.S. So, that is a long-term phenomenon and we have to make sure that the services we offer farmers are more than just buying the grain, which we are. We provide them the financing. We barter with inputs. We help them with risk management solutions, and we have logistics and, let's say, handling infrastructure including drying and conditioning that is number one in the industry. So, there are many other ways in which we can generate value relative to the farmer, and we have to earn our margin and we will.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: So, thinking about that long-term phenomenon you mentioned as far as it's happened in the U.S. and, as you pointed out, has happened in the South America. And then, your long-term bullish outlook on crush margins, just tightening utilizations around the world, driving higher crush margins, is it your thought that the improved crush environment will more than offset potential – some structural pressures on the origination side? I mean, could you just give us like a bigger picture thought over the next three to five years?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. So, in our projections that we gave at Investor Day, our assumptions were basically that increased volumes and handle would compensate for perhaps some margin pressure on the grain origination side over time. So, we are not assuming any margin improvement. Quite the contrary, a small contraction. But as I said earlier, we have to work with all the tools in the toolbox to generate value for our farm customers. They are customers like any other one and probably the most important part of the franchise. So, there's nothing dialed in, in terms of growth relative to that. And on the crushing side, it really is a matter of improved capacity utilization, particularly in soya crush, over the next two to three years. And those projections, and I believe that that capacity will tighten up as meal and oil demand continues to grow and only modest amounts of new capacity gets onto the market, should hold. So, we were talking $3 a ton to $5 a ton of improvement on the baseline into the further out years, and I believe that's absolutely intact.
Heather Jones - Vertical Trading Group LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. Thank you. I want to know, Soren, did you give any numbers as to what you think capacity utilization is right now in North America for crushing and to the degree to which capacity in North America has grown or shrunk just from an industry perspective over the past five years? I'm trying to get a sense of the relationship between the crop expansion and trying to match it up with whether the industry has kept up or not.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think, with some of the brownfield expansions that are taking place, everybody tweaks a little bit every year for very modest amounts of CapEx capacity, the fact that capacity has grown modestly over the last two or three years. But so has – demand has far outpaced it in reality, domestic meal demand, exports and overall crush is – I think this year will be record – very close to it. So, capacity utilization is very healthy. We ran at full – the industry ran at full in the fourth quarter, and we'll run close to that in the first quarter of this year and then you will have the seasonal downturn in the second and the third quarter. But the U.S. industry is in a good spot, even with the small brownfield-type improvements that have happened across the industry. And as we look out two to three years with continued growth in domestic wheat demand and production and also exports, we will need to add some new capacity to the fleet but efficient capacity and hence what we have announced.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And can you give us a sense of once it is fully operational – 2019 is a long way off. But is it a 2% increase for the industry, roughly 3%?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: That's – I can't do that math in my head. I have to get back to you on that one. It's very small.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: The net impact at the end of the day, when everything is, let's say, rationalized properly within our existing footprint, the overall increase will be very, very small.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Last question. I've heard you and also ADM talk about feed wheat being an issue in 2016 competition. And what gives you confidence that that is now being worked through and will no longer be part of formulations in 2017? Are you talking to customers who are saying that they worked it through now? Are you looking at price relationships that have become more favorable? And wheat, I think, is supposed to have a surplus year, too. So, is it possible we could have the same situation again in 2017 that we had in 2016?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, the – the answer is we do both. We obviously look at relative prices and we speak to customers all over the world every day. So, we get inputs from all different sides. What happened in the second quarter last year was rather unique. If you look at the sort of the price index of soybean, meal and corn compared to that of wheat, feed wheat in fact didn't do anything, while every other – the two other commodities rallied by 30% to 40%, and it created a period where the sort of divergence of price was so, so significant that customers locked in feed wheat for extended periods, some all the way through the fourth quarter of last year. And that is what created the sort of prolonged overhang of feed wheat in the formulations. That has now returned. Price relationships are back to normal levels. And so, feed formulation is adjusting back to where it should be. If you get the same phenomenon, some dramatic spike in corn and meal prices sometime during the year, yes, given the surplus of wheat, the same thing can happen. So, that is the – one of the risk elements that we discussed earlier in the call. But that is not necessarily predictable. There's no reason why you would think that should happen today with record crops of soy and corn coming in South America on the back of now three record crops in North America and building inventories. So, I – it would have to be a very unusual circumstance before that happened to the same magnitude as it did last year.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Got it. Thank you so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hello, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I just have two questions. One is, I know everybody is discussing the Mexico trade changes. What about – what is China's ability to ship from U.S. to South America in terms of access to soybeans and corn? And do you think that's a reasonable assumption given the new administration?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, seasonally, this happens this time of year anyways. By the time we get into late February and March, I would say all of the soybean flows or 95% of them – 90% of them would be supplied out of Brazil and then a little bit out of Argentina well into August and September. And with this year's record year crop in Brazil, it could even be extended a little bit further perhaps and then you flip back to the U.S. in the fourth quarter. So, for the next six months, anyways, it will be South America that supplies China. Trade disruptions or not, that's what prices tell you and that will – that tail end, that seasonal switch back to the U.S., which usually happens in the fourth quarter, will probably happen again this year. But given the size of the South American bean crop this year, it could be a little later than normal.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. My second question. Tom, I'm sorry that nobody asked you a question. But I feel like I want to get you included in this conference call, if that's okay? As you've been there, you haven't been there that long. But as you look through the operations, what do you think that you could improve and/or change to create your own footprint in this organization?
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I mean, I think it's a very unique global business with a lot of prospects and optionality. It's – the footprint that the company has is very – is unique. I think one of the key areas that I will focus on very early on is efficiency and cost around the company. The company's history has been one of operating companies around the globe that historically have operated somewhat autonomously. That has changed over recent years. We've also made investments in technology quite significantly over the recent years. And so, I think the time is right for putting those two pieces together and really looking hard at our processes around the company, making them more uniform and more efficient in driving some cost out of that area. So, we have $1.4 billion of SG&A – $1.3 billion of SG&A in 2016, so that's a pretty good starting point. I also think that – I mean, that will be the primary area that I'll focus on. And as you..
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And what type of buy-in can you get and how quickly can you get the buy-in? You work in the operations. You're coming from the outside. Have you made strides with each of the business units? And how do you get buy-in on that process? And then, I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I think, as I mentioned, there have been a number of activities around the company that have sort of nibbled around this area in recent years and the businesses around the globe recognize that there's opportunity here. We want to remain competitive. We want to drive our EPS. Everybody is compensated along those lines. And so, it's the right environment, I think, within the company to make headway on this. In terms of timing, I really need to assess exactly where we are, what the opportunities are, put together a team and a plan, engage the businesses and really make this an organic process that gets driven by the businesses around the world. So, I can't tell you much about timing and targets at this stage, but I do think the engagement will be there.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): All right. I really appreciate it and look forward to seeing your progress.
Thomas Michael Boehlert - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey, gentlemen. Thanks for squeezing me in here and just to fit one question in at the end. Just wanted to see what your expectations were around palm oil production this year and impact of pricing there, given expectations of more normal weather potentially in that growing season and our growing region and how will that impact other vegetable oil pricing. And your business – or basically, what are you kind of expecting in your guidance?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. We're not expecting anything unusual in palm. But I do believe we feel that there are – there are indications that the rebound in yields that the market has been expecting may not come as early or come in the magnitude that market has anticipated. And therefore, we are leaning towards a more tight palm oil situation well into our spring and summer than maybe initially anticipated. More of a repeat of last year, perhaps. And therefore, a strong demand pull for both soy and soft oils as we move into the second and third quarter. So, overall, the outlook on oil remains constructive for us. The extent of which is a little early to tell. But it could be maybe not a repeat, but something along the lines of last year.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our final question will come from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning. And I do have two quick questions. So, first is, there were some reports out of Brazil recently that the government is going to increase lending levels to farmers at subsidized rates, obviously taking them down, I think, in 2015. Can you – I can see how that can help you in terms of lowering your own lending and improving your receivables. But what impact do you think that has in terms of the farmers – the timing of farmer sales? In other words, I could see where they might buy inputs earlier now that they have more cheap money and therefore price their crop earlier. Or does it give them the ability to hold on to crops longer as well? How do you think that plays out? And then, I have a follow-up.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think I've read the same report. It's not very clear to see exactly how it gets implemented and how deep it goes into the – go to the very large and broad farm community. So, I can't tell you that I have any particular conclusion to that yet. My hunch is it won't have a big impact this year. It could have an impact in the following year. But I don't think it will be in time or in the magnitude to make much of a difference between now and, let's say, mid-summer when farmers start making their new crop planting decisions.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just in the U.S., obviously, there's a lot of discussion of a lower corporate tax rate. Leaving aside the impact on your results, when you think about the fourth quarter, I know it's a while away, U.S. farmers, do you think that there's risk that they'll push sales into 1Q in order to generate that lower tax rate or is it desire to reduce pre-tax income is still great and sales should still be similar in the fourth quarter, assuming there's some change to corporate tax rates?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. We don't anticipate any change at this moment.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much for taking me – my questions.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. At this time, we have no further questions. I will turn the call back over to Mr. Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call this morning.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd. Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd. Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co. Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2016 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. And later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide two, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourage you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Expected improvement in Food, Sugar and Fertilizer came through loud and clear in the third quarter. A combination of costs and footprint improvements, and a stabilizing economic environment in Brazil drove higher earnings in Food & Ingredients, and our Sugar Milling operations is benefiting from better pricing and lower cost. However, these better performances could only partially offset earnings reductions in Agribusiness, where we felt the impact of historically low levels of farmer pricing in Brazil, and weaker than expected soy crush. Significantly increased wheat feeding following the second quarter spike in soy meal prices, contributed to a weak crushing environment overall. While it's been a challenging period in Agribusiness, our balanced footprint has helped mitigate some of the volatility. We have held returns of our cost of capital, and demonstrated that our business portfolio can withstand temporary market pressures. Improving what we can control, and executing on our strategy is paying dividends, and positions us well for generating upside earnings moving forward. With over $90 million in cost savings and efficiencies achieved year-to-date, we are on pace to exceed our 2016 target of $125 million. Acquisitions, including new soy crush plants in Northern Europe, the Grupo Minsa corn milling business in Mexico and Walter Rau Neusser in Germany, are strengthening our core Agribusiness operations, improving our capabilities, and extending our global value chains to the doorstep of our global feed ingredient customers. A solid fourth quarter is in sight, and we expect significant growth in 2017. Our Foods and Sugar businesses should show year-over-year improvement, and Agribusiness should return to normalized conditions as South American farmers who were largely undersold price their crop with the arrival of record harvests. And soy meal inclusion rates and feed should return to normal levels pulling on capacity. We look forward to providing a deeper dive into the growth drivers and positive near-term and long-term prospects at our upcoming Investor Day in December. I'll now turn it over to Drew for more details in our third quarter financials, and the outlook for the balance of the year.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Thanks, Soren. Let's turn to slide four in the earnings highlights. Earnings per share from continuing operations for the third quarter were $0.79 versus $1.42 in the prior year. As expected, Q3 results were negatively impacted by difficult Agribusiness environment. Our Food & Ingredients and Sugar & Bioenergy businesses had strong quarters, outperforming prior year, as we benefited from the actions taken under our performance improvement program and market conditions turned more favorable. Our total segment EBIT in the quarter was $213 million versus $414 million in the prior year. On an adjusted basis, EBIT was $199 million versus $367 million in 2015. 2016 is adjusted for a favorable ruling in a Brazilian court case related to prior year's wheat import taxes. 2015 is adjusted for the gain on the sale of assets in Canada. Agribusiness third quarter adjusted EBIT declined from $322 million in 2015 to $83 million in 2016. The majority of the decline was in the Grains business where 2016 adjusted EBIT was $4 million versus $216 million in 2015. This decline was primarily attributed to low farmer selling in South America due to a combination of the impact of adverse weather condition on the current year crop and the willingness of the Brazilian farmer to sell their 2017 crops. Normally, the Brazilian farmer sells a portion of their new crop in the third quarter, prior to planning, to lock in a portion of their margins, but that did not happen this year due to declining crop prices on a local currency basis. They will eventually come to market with their 2017 crops, but the timing is uncertain. Contributions from risk management in Grains were lower in the quarter, as the prior-year benefited from the recovery of approximately $50 million in losses on open positions from the prior quarter. In Oilseeds, adjusted EBIT was $79 million versus $106 million in the prior year. South American results were impacted by the low farmer selling in U.S. and European results were below a strong prior year quarter. Margins, globally, were impacted by softer than anticipated meal demand as low quality, low price wheat replaced corn and soy meal and feed formulations. Underlying protein demand remain strong, and we expect soy meal inclusion rates to return to more normal levels as the U.S. harvest starts coming to market. Mark-to-market movements did not have a significant impact on results in the quarter. In Food & Ingredients, 2016 adjusted third quarter EBIT was $72 million versus $45 million in the prior year, as both Edible Oils and Milling Products, posted increased profits. The strong increase was the result of the impact of our performance improvement programs on margins and costs, and an improving environment in Brazil. Edible Oils third quarter EBIT was $34 million versus $13 million in the prior year. The improvement was primarily driven by our Brazilian and European businesses. In Brazil, both volumes and margins improved as we gained market share, reduced costs and benefited from the closed integration of our agribusiness and foods businesses. European results increased due to a more favorable product mix and lower costs. Milling Products adjusted EBIT was $38 million versus $32 million in the prior year, primarily due to increased results in our Brazilian business. Volumes and margins were both higher, benefiting from market share gains, raw material sourcing strategies, improved product mix, and increased efficiencies. Both margins and volumes are back to levels achieved in 2014, before the country's economic crisis. The integration of the recently acquired Pacífico mill has gone well, and our new mill in Rio de Janeiro has recently started productions. Results in Mexico declined, reflecting increased competitive pressures and the devaluation of the peso. Sugar and Bioenergy quarterly EBIT was $35 million versus $3 million in the prior-year, led by strong performance in our industrial business, which benefited from higher sugar and ethanol prices. Our cost saving and agriculture improvement programs continue to make progress and support results. Trading and distribution results were also improved in the quarter. The higher results in our Fertilizer business reflect higher purchases by Argentine farmers to support increased planting of wheat and corn, brought up on by the change in government policy to eliminate export tariffs. At September 30, our year-to-date tax rate, including $39 million of favorable tax notables is 19%, and excluding the notable tax items, our year-to-date tax rate is 26%. Let's turn to slide 5, and our return on invested capital. Our trailing four-quarter average return on invested capital adjusted for certain gains and charges is 7% and at our cost of capital. Our core Agribusiness and Foods return on invested capital, which excludes our Sugar business, is 8.2%, 1.2% above our cost of capital. Our goal for our core Agribusiness and Foods return on invested capital is to earn two points over cost of capital. The decline from prior year primarily reflects lower EBIT in our Agribusiness segment, which is performing below historical levels due to the difficult market environment. Let's turn to slide 6, and our cash flow highlights. Our cash provided by operating activities was $635 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 versus $527 million in 2015. A key component of the increase was a reduction of secured advances to farmers, reflecting the slower pace of farmer selling in Brazil. The increase in inventories primarily reflects the significant increase in sugar prices. Our liquidity position remained strong, as we had $4.6 billion of credit available under committed lines. Let's turn to slide 7 and our capital allocation process. Our first priority is to maintain an investment grade credit rating with the target of BBB. We are currently rated as BBB with all three agencies. After that, we allocate funds amongst returning capital to shareholders, mergers and acquisitions, and capital expenditures in a manner that provides the most long-term value to shareholders. This year we have prioritized mergers and acquisitions as we have had opportunities to advance our strategic initiatives in a value accretive manner. In early October, we closed on the acquisition of Walter Rau Neusser, which will advance our business-to-business capabilities in our Edible Oils business, and as Soren mentioned in his remarks, we recently announced the acquisitions of Grupo Minsa, and two, Northern European soy crush plants. These transactions should close in the first half of 2017. Year-to-date, we have returned $391 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Capital expenditures year-to-date are $488 million. Main projects have been the completion of the Rio wheat mill, and the Ukrainian port with a co-located crushing plant, and the upgrade of our New Orleans port facility. That also includes cost for sugar planting, which is counted as capital expenditure. Let's turn to slide 8 and the outlook. In Agribusiness, fourth quarter results will be driven by our North American and European businesses. Our Northern Hemisphere facilities should run at capacity with good margins, and U.S. port elevations are benefiting from the record large crops. China is also seeing improved margins. Soybean meal demand should increase, reflecting robust underlying demand for proteins, as feed formulations normalize during the quarter. Slow farmer selling in South America is likely to persist through the end of the year, as farmers delay their selling until next year closer to harvest. In Food & Ingredients, we have increased our outlook to $230 million to $240 million for the year, as the positive volume and margin trend seen in the third quarter are expected to continue. Our Brazilian business should continue its upward trajectory, and our Eastern Europe business should benefit from the large sunseed crop. Turning to slide 9. We are also increasing our outlook for Sugar & Bioenergy to $60 million to $70 million, driven by higher than expected ethanol pricing. It will be dependent on normal weather patterns holding to allow us to reach our targeted crush volume. With respect to our full year tax rate, excluding notables, we now expect it to be slightly more favorable than our previous expectation and fall in the lower end of our 25% to 29% range. Let's turn to slide 10. We would like to give you an early preview of our outlook for 2017. We expect an improved environment and normalized results for Agribusiness in 2017. 2016 results were negatively impacted by the previous year's small sunseed crops, lower than expected meal demand due to higher than usual inclusion of wheat in feed formulations, and low forward sales of the 2017 crop by the Brazilian farmer. Looking forward to 2017, the sunseed crop is large, soybean meal demand should reflect the strong underlying demand for protein, as feed formulations normalize, and the Brazilian farmer should bring the 2017 crop to market and sell a portion of their 2018 crop. This would imply a return to historical profit levels. As the chart shows, Agribusiness EBIT ranged from $895 million to $1,054 million in the 2011 to 2015 period. As is our practice, we do not give guidance in Agribusiness. We have two crops to grow, margin can move quickly, and mark-to-market impacts can move results between periods. Our Food & Ingredients business should continue its upward momentum. Our operational and commercial actions over the last two years have resulted in a leaner, more efficient business model that continues to improve. Additionally, our focus on developing higher value added, higher margin products is producing results and should lead to margin expansion going forward. We have also had full year contributions from our new wheat mill in Rio de Janeiro, and synergies from our Pacífico mill. In Sugar and Bioenergy, the results of our improvements in the agricultural part of the business should start to come through in profits and the pricing environment should remain supportive. We have already hedged much of our 2017 Sugar sales at prices well above our 2016 level, and with the price premium of sugar versus Brazilian ethanol, mills in Brazil should prioritize sugar production, keeping supply of ethanol in balance with demand. I will now turn the call back over to the operator to take your questions.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And we have our first question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Maybe first digging into the 4Q and 2017 outlook for Agribusiness. Thinking about next year, you talk about a return to kind of more normal ranges of profitability. But I am wondering given the fact that there was – you have merchandised little, if any, of the South American crop at this point, we've got robust conditions in North America, given the size of the crop, oilseed crush margins remain generally healthy, and you have some year-over-year – you should have some benefits from cost actions you've taken over the last couple of years, why wouldn't you – would it be possible to think about exceeding that range, the historical range of profitability, and other than maybe 4Q and the size of the next year's U.S. crop, some of the things that you would think that can drive upside, or limit the upside potential in the outlook?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Thanks, Adam. There's no reason why that couldn't happen. We are trying to provide some reasonable guidance, but conditions next year look good. The biggest driver of the return to more normalized profitability in Agribusiness for us will be the return to normal pricing in Brazil, as you mentioned, but we are not assuming any outsize margins. So we're assuming the volume effect of higher pricing but not necessarily a margin expansion, and the environment has become more competitive. The other factor, a major factor that is impacting this year, but should be a positive next year, is the return to more normal pull on soy crushing capacity. We did see in the third quarter and also in the fourth quarter a detraction in meal demand because of the spike in prices earlier this year. That will return to normal in 2017. And given our size and exposure to soy crush and the additional capacity we've added, that really is the key to returning to more normalized, or maybe even exceeding the range going into next year. So I think it's too early to talk about, how much above, but the potential is clearly there. I think for us, painting the picture of earnings growth overall for Bunge next year does not require an outsized Agribusiness result it requires or it suggests a return to normal, and that on top of the growth, we see coming in both Food and in Sugar should get us a very nice bump in EPS. So we don't need an outsized Agribusiness result, although it is entirely possible that we might get it.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: I would just add, Adam. The two real factors to watch are obviously weather and how crops develop when we talk about a year this early. And Soren covered soy crush perfectly. And the other issue will be, we're quite confident that Brazilian farmer will sell their 2017 crop. That'll come to market, probably in the first half but at least throughout next year. How good next year can be will depend in part on what that Brazilian farmer does with his 2018 crop, does he go back to normal forward selling, or does he stay at the lower-level, we've seen this year.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. And then maybe just touching on something you alluded to in your comments, talked about a more competitive environment in Brazil origination, and maybe elaborate on that. And I mean, I would think you guys would be in a better position because you've got more control of your logistics than maybe some newer entrants there. But talk about some of the competitive intensity in Brazilian origination that you've seen this year, and how you are thinking that playing field shakes out into next year?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, it is, first of all you are absolutely right. The footprint we have in Brazil, and the way we bring the crops to market, definitely gives us a competitive advantage from an overall supply chain cost perspective. So that advantage is maintained, and we continue to perfect the way we operate every year. So we have a starting advantage that, I think, will play out next year as well as it has this past couple of years. The increased level of competition is really more about the same phenomenon, as we've seen in the U.S., where farmers just don't like prices, and they can't make returns based on the current combination of ForEx and futures, and therefore, are more hesitant to commit to forward selling, as well as holding back what they can, in order to hope for better times. That is the negative effect of a very low priced environment. It's not as if there is a number of new entrants in Brazil, for that matter. So I think it's more a matter of behavior from the farmer, which is a consequence of current pricing. But I think as we get into 2017, we will have big crops, we will have a return to normal in terms of safrinha corn, so we will have that continued pull on capacity, as we get into the summer, our summer of next year. And given our footprint that should give us a very good base for earnings growth in the – or continued, let's say, contribution in grain origination and exports from Brazil, as we've seen in the last couple of years.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's helpful. I think I'll squeeze one more in. There is a nice improvement in the margins in Edible Oils this quarter after what had been a pretty challenging year. So can you talk about your confidence that we've maybe found a new floor on that business, and then we – this isn't kind of a one quarter aberration, and the macro remains choppy that you think you've reset the margins appropriately, and then we can build from here?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think we've done a lot of work internally over the last 12 months to 18 months to put ourselves in a better position, particularly in Brazil, but also in Europe, which is really where all the improvement is coming from. Our North American businesses are solid in – sorry, Canada and the U.S., solid performing businesses and they will continue. So the improvement is really in Brazil and in the Europe, and a lot of that is driven by the way we operate. It's not as if the environment facing the consumer in Brazil has gotten suddenly better. I think that is still to come. I think we felt a bottoming out effect, and I think the anticipation of the market is probably – is ahead of the reality in terms of consumer behavior. So the benefit you see in the quarter is really not because of changed consumer behavior, it's really a reflection of the improvements that we have made. And in Brazil, it's been around reducing cost, supply chain cost, closing, consolidating distribution centers. It is a much tighter integration with our Agribusiness footprint. It's a big change from how we've operated in the past, and the regain of market share. We're about 30% of the retail bottled oil market in Brazil, which is where we should be, but we've come from below 20%s over the last 12 months. So it is improving efficiency across the chain in Brazil. And in Europe, we now have two good crops in the bin, so to speak, a very, very large sunseed crop is coming in, in Eastern Europe, an all-time record, which is helping that whole supply chain and the retail bottled oil, we have coming out of that, expand margins. And with the acquisition of Walter Rau, although it's early to tell, exactly, what the impact will be quarter-on-quarter following, there is no doubt that that is opening up doors for us in the B2B segment that will be meaningful going forward. So I don't think this is a quarterly blip. I think it's a result of hard work over the last several quarters, and I would expect it to continue.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Appreciate the color. I'll pass it on.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Good morning. Thank you. Just wanted to follow up on your commentary on Food & Ingredients. What I was looking to gauge was whether or not you could provide an update on where the build out of your business-to-business capabilities in both Brazil and in Eastern Europe currently stand?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, in Europe, it is – the acquisition of Walter Rau, in many ways, is the catalyst that will get us more focused on B2B, and our business traditionally has been very B2C focused. And I think we're making very, very quick early progress, whether that is through key account actions that have come with the acquisitions, turning an increased amount of our sunseed crushing capacity from generic sun crush into high oleic sun, for example, that serves the foodservice business, and a number of blends that go into the bakery business that we can now apply across a larger geographic area in Europe. So I think we are making vey quick progress, and the acquisition of Walter Rau was one of the good business for sure, but it was as much about acquiring capabilities in that particular area that we are now rolling out through the rest of Bunge. In Brazil, our business is still predominantly B2C business, but it is changing along with the evolution of the Brazilian economy. There will be more and more B2B coming, most of it initially will be in the area of shortenings, bakery fats where we already have a starting advantage and that we are the supplier of flour to many of the big bakeries. So I think we are early stages in Brazil and the Europe in building out the type of structure and system that we had benefited from in North America over the last couple of years. So it is still – it's still to come a lot of it, but we have very clear plans of how we get there, and the acquisition of Walter Rau, plus the way we're now focusing in Brazil, will get us there over the next 6 months to 12 months.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then you mentioned improved margins in China, so can you discuss how you see the outlook for crush margins evolving going forward? Utilization rates have obviously been pretty weak, but there are some expectations that the market could tighten if the government takes an active role in consolidating the industry.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. China is one of the, I'd say, bright spots in soy crush this year, versus I'd say the rest of the world has suffered a bit in terms of overall margins, and that's reflected in partly in our Q3 results. But China, is a bright spot, has come from margins that barely covered variable costs, we're now covering full cost plus a little bit. And that has come as a consequence of more disciplined, let's say, imports of soybeans that reduced meal stocks in China, and which has now allowed for meal premiums to grow to the point where we're now earning a reasonable margin, $25 give and take. Consolidation in China is probably still to come, but you're right, the government and others, I think, see the need for that. There is excess capacity, and a lot of inefficient capacity that has run over the last few years, for reasons that were not necessarily related to the economics of crush. We've talked about financial players being in the mix for a number of years. That is mostly behind us, I think. So it's back to sort of the basic calculation of what makes the crush margin. And as you probably know, China does have a duty differential in soy crush favoring domestic crush, and you would think that over the next year or two that will play through. So that China should become – will become a region in the world with some of the best margins in the world, having come from the opposite just six months ago. One underlying demand in China is strong, we know that. Soybean meal demand continues to grow at 5%, 6% per year, oil demand is also strong. So the outlook, although we are cautious given the volatility we've seen in China over the last few years is decidedly a better one, and we'll be entering 2017 in a much better position than I think we did this year.
Sandy H. Klugman - Vertical Research Partners LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, Ann.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the Agribusiness and the outlook for 2017, if we look at where ending stocks to use are for wheat and the DDG problems in China, why wouldn't we expect margins for crush, for meal continue to be under pressure in 2017?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, if you look at the forward curve in pricing meal and corn versus wheat and feed, corn is back. It was really the aberration that we saw back in the second quarter where soybeans meal and corn, which followed, got completely out of whack compared to wheat, and that created this surge in wheat feeding, particularly in Europe, which was also compounded by the poor crop in France and other places where there was an unusual amount of feed wheat available. So I think it was an unusual period. The wheat market is in a steep carry and the market will pay for wheat to be carried, and that means that as you go out six months from now, wheat prices are significantly more expensive than they are in the start, and I think that will continue to – that will most likely mean that people have a hard time finding its way back into feed. And on the DDG situation, it's very fluid with China. It's on and off as it has been for the last several years. DDG seem to be finding their ways into feed formulations outside of China, but also outside of the U.S. So we don't expect a major impact in the domestic soybean meal demand going into next year. And in general, we just expect that soy meal inclusion will return to the levels we saw earlier this year. So we are not looking for anything, let's say, unusual in terms of soy meal inclusion, just to return to normal. And wheat will be carried, and the market will pay for that.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the European as well, so thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I'm sorry?
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: The European government will show intervention.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yes. It could be.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Secondly, a more strategic question. Perdue recently announced that it was going to source some of its inputs directly from Brazilian farmers. Can you talk about whether you are seeing more of this, or talk of more of this, we hear about that from the Chinese now and again also. Is there any risk to Bunge's footprint in Brazil from companies or customers going direct to farmers?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think, one thing is to source directly in a country, another thing is to go direct to the farmer. That is another step of complexity, where you have to be able to manage credit risk and logistics and many other things. I don't know exactly how far Perdue is intending on moving their value chain upstream. I think the competitive advantage that we have in Brazil in terms of logistics, knowledge and relationship with farmers, that span decades, is going to be hard to marginalize, let's put it that way. And I don't know exactly what the reference was with Perdue importing directly. I presume they're referring to the occasional imports of meal or corn to the East Coast, but I don't know more about it than that frankly. But I do think that the position we have in Brazil is one that's very strong and we will continue to show that.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: What would you say, Soren, as the one key barrier to entry from somebody going direct? Is it your ability to take on credit risk, or is it the physical logistics? I'm just curious what the barriers are that they would have to overcome?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think it's a long list of things, but it is clearly the local knowledge, how to deal with customers, how to evaluate credit risk, how to build relationships and trust in a foreign place, which is not easy. It is all the local regulations and the financial. The financial system in Brazil is nothing but complicated. So, a lot of things you have to be able to do starting out, let alone access to efficient logistics and scale. What we do really only works in large volumes. It's very hard to imagine, you can compete effectively with a small footprint, but everybody has their own view on that.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color. I will get back in queue.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you, and good morning.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, David.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hi, David.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Can you guys quantify the impact of the lack of farmers selling in the third quarter?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, we can. For us, in Brazil, it amounted to about $100 million.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Because that was going to lead into my next question. I mean, your competitor yesterday reported kind of better than expected numbers. There was a good offset on the geographic balances, bad South America, really good North America. And your number here is one of the lowest numbers that you produced in Agribusiness in years. So would it be fair to say that your North American operations, if we could see the detail, the North American operations really performed extremely well, and Brazil is just that challenged, is that fair?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think it is, not exactly. I mean, the number I gave you in Brazil is what it is, so it's a significant part of the gap to last year's earnings. Don't forget another piece of the gap to last year's earnings was the $50 million worth of risk reversal income from the second quarter of 2015. In the U.S., I think it's fair to say that our footprint is unique. In some years, it gives us outsized earnings early in the harvest, for example 2014 was one of those years, but it is a very concentrated footprint in the delta, in the Southern part of the Mississippi River System. And in that part of the world, early in the harvest this year, competition was intense, and the size of the crop relative to the overall size of the crop in the U.S. didn't see the same growth. So we did not experience the early, let's say, margin improvement that maybe others did, but we are seeing now through our export facility in New Orleans and also on the West Coast with ETT. (35:00) We are seeing the effect of the significantly expanded export elevations and export margins, and they will come through in the fourth quarter, but the uniqueness of our footprint in the third quarter in the U.S. just didn't give us the same boost in earnings that maybe others experienced. But we will see a very good fourth quarter coming now.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thanks for that color. On 2017, I'd like to follow up on a question that was asked earlier. Can you just compare the conditions that you see today in Agribusiness versus the previous peak number, which I believe was 2015? Can you just compare and contrast kind of what we have as a set of conditions right now, as we move into 2017 Agribusiness?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I think it is going to be an environment, which is one where with low prices, very strong downstream profitability, whether it's in food, in feed, meat production. We should see a very nice growth in underlying both protein demand and global trade. So that is similar and that is what we look forward to. Most of our improvement in earnings going into 2017 will come from increased capacity utilization, particularly in crush. And to put some flavor on that, you're talking probably about a delta of $100 million to $150 million of improvement in soy crush, in particular, as we move into 2017, as feed formulation normalizes. So that's one thing. 2015 was also a year where we saw more normalized farmer pricing in Brazil. The same quarter last year saw one of the better quarters in terms of farmer pricing their new crop in Brazil, a combination of futures, and a relatively weak currency. We expect will get back to not quite the same, but something like that next year, and of course the volumes that aren't being priced now, we will price when we get there. So I think it is really the two big, let's say, the two big factors that will get us back to that type of earnings in Agribusiness is a return to normal inclusion rates in meal, and therefore pull and cross (37:12) capacity it gets us back to utilization rates as we had them in 2015. And the second one is, simply a return to normal in terms of pricing patterns, and we think we'll see that. At the end, same quarter next year, we'll be talking about how much of the 2018 crop is going to be priced, and we are not assuming anything outsized in that regard, but as you've seen from the past, that can have a major positive effect on results in any given quarter.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Can you just make one fast comment on Argentina, because you mentioned Brazil nicely and the U.S. nicely, but Argentina was unbelievably volatile this year. I mean 4Q, 1Q expectations went to the moon, then everything fell apart on us. So just like to hear what's happening in Argentina, your view on 2017 crush margins, business climate. Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, you are right. I think the best way to describe Argentina this year was a very bumpy road, returned to some kind of normal from several years of difficult conditions. I think if you move into 2017, there are number of things that look a bit better, starting with the wheat crop, which we will be harvesting in a month or two time. The big increase in wheat production in Argentina will certainly help origination and export of wheat, and in the case of Bunge that is a complete tie-in to our wheat milling operations in Brazil and in fact, the Pacífico wheat mill was acquired for one of those reasons. It's the most efficient port based mill in Brazil. So wheat looks good. We know we'll get a big bump in corn production in Argentina, which means that Bunge will in all likelihood get back to our traditional market shares after several years of being, let's say, squeezed out because of the export quotas. So corn looks like a good story for us next year. And in crush, as we return to more normalized, let's say, feed – meal inclusions in feed, we will need Argentine crush capacity, more or less at capacity for most of the year. So we expect a nice pull on Argentine crush capacity going into next year as well, starting with the very beginning of the new crop. So, overall, I think this is the year where the system is settling after several years of difficulty. Next year, weather and crops permitting should be a good year to operate in Argentina.
David Cristopher Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning, Farha.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could you comment a bit on Sugar. I think you've mentioned that next year you've hedged at better levels. Any color on how much improvement we can expect.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We don't disclose the exact details of how we've hedged, but we have hedged the meaningful portion of our sugar production, which is approximately 40% of our overall exposure to cane. So, a nice chunk has been locked in at levels well above this year's, combination of currency and futures. And as it looks right now, we would expect an improvement in EBIT based on that of somewhere around $50 million.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: $50 million above this year's level.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Correct.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, are you still looking to sell the Sugar business? Could you give us your thoughts on Sugar?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, our intent to reduce exposure, or generate liquidity for Bunge and the shareholders through an action in Sugar is unchanged, that hasn't changed. The environment has obviously not been conducive to that over the last couple of years, but that's changing now. And we do look forward to another few years of positive in the sugar cycle. And so we're active. We are discussing various options of how we do reach that ultimate goal of creating liquidity and taking some cash out, at what we would expect to be favorable prices. But I can't really give you much more flavor than that at this stage other than our intent is unchanged.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. And since you've been CEO, you haven't done any big major transaction. But you've done a number of these sort of sub $500 million transactions, that's been a significant commitment of shareholder capital. Would you happen to have sort of a composite what earnings you expect from actions such as Walter Rau, Grupo Minsa, the two facilities in Europe, Pacífico, the Canadian JV, the Vietnam JV, is there sort of a number we can think of wrap? (42:22)
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think it might be better to think of it in pieces than try to give you an overall number, because a lot goes into those calculation. As Pacífico hits full run rates and moves forward, we would see them contributing about $30 million a year in EBIT. Again, they're already contributing significantly this year. So they're in place at the moment. The more recent acquisitions we announced that if you look at the Northern European crush plant, and that's probably in the $20 million range when they come into their first year, full year of operation. And if we look at Minsa, that's probably where they are in their first full year of operation too. Walter Rau was a smaller acquisition, as you know that the expenditure there was around the $50 million range. So the benefit of Walter Rau isn't in the profits in Walter Rau, which are there, but at a smaller level. It's really and what's it's going to let us take the capabilities to globally. And Altex, I would say is in the same range as the others we've talked about, which was the – one we did in Mexico a couple of years ago. Right.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And when would you expect them to hit their run rate?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, some of them already are, so let's be clear. The Altex acquisition in Mexico, which we concluded a year and a half ago, is fully integrated, working well. Pacífico, which we bought exactly a year ago, has now fully been integrated, and you're seeing the impact run rate already now. It's about a $10 million contribution to this year's milling number, and next year's another step up. And the ones that Drew referred to, so the crush in Europe, Minsa and Walter Rau, well first of all those two haven't closed yet. They are closing first quarter of next year in all likelihood. And we'll run into sometime next year whether that is in Q2 or Q3. We'll start getting the run rates annualized as Drew mentioned. So, there is a fairly significant amount of incremental EBIT coming once these things close and get fully integrated. They are not considered in what we just said about the outlook for 2017, they would be on top of.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Pacífico is in 2017 and the others are not.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah, Pacífico is but the crush in Europe and the Minsa is not. So that's all to come. But, let me just step back a bit. The reason why we have been so focused on bolt-ons rather than something bigger than that is simply to remain disciplined. We have a very strong process for evaluating projects. We've talked about our return expectations being somewhere around 1.5 times our cost of capital, as it relates to internal rate of return for, as a threshold, plus the synergies that we would expect to get from having these acquisition plug in to our existing value chains. So none of these acquisitions are standalone. They are all acquisitions that will somehow or another complement other parts of Bunge, whether it is Agribusiness in the case of European crush, whether it's grain origination in the case of wheat milling acquisitions, or Minsa for that matter. So they are acquisitions that will make the whole system better over time, as they get integrated. And given our priority of making sure that our balance sheet stays in a BBB condition, this is, let's say, a safer way of getting to earnings growth than something bigger and more experimental. But over time of course that can change. For now, it's really about getting these very nice bolt-ons that have strong synergies with the rest of Bunge integrated, and that will happen throughout 2017.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks for the added color.
Operator: And, thank you. Our next question comes from Evan Morris with Bank of America.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Good morning.
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Hey, Evan.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. So I just wanted to just circle back on the farmer selling in South America. I guess, I've heard, I guess, anecdotally, that maybe the farmers down there aren't in as bad of shape as maybe the environment would suggest. I guess, I wanted just love to hear your assessment of the shape that farmers are in. And within the context of your confidence that that you think they're going to sell, obviously, you pointed out to David's question about $100 million impact from the lack of farmer selling. So are there certain triggers in terms of crop prices, FX that these farmers are going to look to sell at? I guess really trying to figure out how important that farmer selling returning is to your outlook of getting back to sort of that middle to the upper end, or possibly exceeding the upper end of your Agribusiness range.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Right. Well, I think in the case of farmer selling as it relates to this year, it's really a matter of timing. It's a deferral. It's not that it won't happen. So the combination of futures and ForEx and the price objectives in local currency that the farmer has that is what drives his decision to commit earlier or to commit late. And with the strength in the real and the weakness in overall futures, there has been no reason for him or her to commit beyond the spot. Now that can change quickly. Brazil is a volatile place, and the change in the exchange rate coupled with a short-term spike in futures can quickly accelerate pricing. We've seen that before. But for us it's really about deferring pricing. So the Brazilian farmer today, probably have sold about 20% of his new crop beans that is in contrast to 35% or 40% historically. It is a larger crop, weather permitting we will have 100 million tons or more soybeans in Brazil this coming year. So a nice step up from even this year. And that difference in what's been priced will come to market either right before harvest or likely during the harvest, and we will then recognize margins as that happens. And then the same time next year, we will be discussing how much of the 2018 crop will be priced in advance. And there's – at that point, there are two crops we have to go through to determine what prices are, and I wouldn't dare to speculate on that. So, at this point, it's really more about timing effects than anything else. But it is true that with the current weak commodity environment, neither farmers frankly nor end consumers have much incentive to do anything beyond the near-term. And that is likely to persist so long as prices remain where they are. And we'll see how it plays out in the second half of next year.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And if that persists again, does that sort of really change your outlook for Agribusiness next year or again is that...
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: No.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: No.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We are not assuming anything, let's say, out of the ordinary in terms of how much of the following years crop we would price next year. We're assuming normal levels.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Okay. And then just, Drew, just a question on 4Q Agribusiness. You mentioned that it was going to be improved significantly sequentially, which makes sense. But can you sort of frame it within sort of a year-over-year, how much could it be up versus last year, should it not, flat, just if you can sort of frame that?
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. Let me just start with a caution that to the extent we elect to hedge our crush margins forward, there's room for mark-to-market volatility that could shift any forecast we make. At this point, we would expect the Agribusiness number to be somewhat below last year's Agribusiness number. So we think the environment is better but it won't quite get to where it is last year. The other thing, not to keep barking on it that we flag if farmers selling habits in South America change that can move numbers.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, okay. And then just last question broader for you, Soren. Just you're definitely talking with a fair amount of confidence into next year, which understandably given the environment. If you kind of just look at how this year has played out, it's been pretty volatile, it's been almost a three different, four different years in one. So I guess just getting a sense as to how much visibility do you have into next year? I guess, as you look at Food & Ingredients, and you look at some of your other businesses versus Agribusiness just, and really I guess, trying to understand like, if you are wrong anywhere, where do you think you could be wrong?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah. I mean, you are right. We started out this year saying exactly what you just said that we felt strong about Food & Ingredients, and Sugar and Fertilizer, how this year would play out. It's turning out as a little bit better than we expected back earlier in the year, but we knew that Agribusiness would be a volatile period, and it turned out to be exactly that. I think if we look into next year, I would say, we feel very good about where the smaller segments, and how they will grow, so Food, Sugar and Fertilizer in total should be about $400 million contribution next year, and a nice growth based on where we end up this year. In Agribusiness, there really are two things that gets us back to normal. One is an increase in crush margins, and we did see a setback in the second half of this year from the effect of increased wheat feeding coming out of the second quarter, and returning to normal, I mean, an improvement of $3 to $5 a ton across our soy crush, origin soy crush fleet. That is not an unreasonable expectation, and should get us a nice delta in earnings of $100 million to $150 million. And then it is the return to more normalized pricing patterns. In other words, catching up first in Brazil with the amount of grain that has not been priced so far, that will happen as a natural course of harvest and time, and then of course, what happens in Q3 next year. But we're not assuming anything out of the ordinary to get to a normalized pricing environment in Agribusiness next year. But those are probably the two – I mean, crop conditions and weather and so forth, which we can't predict. But the two variables and the two factors, or areas in Agribusiness that gets us back to normal is an improvement in crush margins and return to a more normal pricing in South America. And I would say, at this point, there is no reason to expect that that won't happen. I feel good about that. I feel very strongly about the soy crush. We're committed to that. We have a very strong view on how utilization rates in crush will evolve over the next two years to three years. We're very positive and bullish on that, and we'll see some of that play through next year. And with the farmer and at least this portion of the crop, that has not been priced this year, we will get that next year and then it's a matter of what we think about 2018 by the time we get to the third quarter of next year. But I feel very good about the prospects of Agribusiness returning to a more normalized within the range that Drew described type of performance.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. I'll pass it along.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question, guys. I know I am at the end of the call here, and you talked a lot about this, Soren, specifically the last question. But again, on the farmer selling, you touched on 2017 selling increasing because it's light now, and you're going to have a bigger crop, but with the bigger crop, you should see pressure on pricing, and if the macro is improving, you should see a stronger Brazilian reais against the dollar. So is there any risk that that impacts not as much 2017 crop selling, as you currently expect, and then also those same factors, doesn't that impact 2018 selling where you're kind of considering a normal selling season right now?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think the impact would be under the scenario that you're painting, so low dollar prices and a stronger reais would come again in the amount of the 2018 crop, we would expect to price in the third quarter, but as I mentioned we're not assuming a lot. So I think the delta on that is fairly small. The big thing is the commercialization of the crop that's currently being planted, and I think that will happen as a matter of harvest, and the time moving by in the first quarter and second quarter in 2017.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And you spoke about improved crush in Argentina, is there any risk to that with soft selling there, as it seems we don't really get an improvement in soybean export taxes until 2018 for those kind of key central farmers. So if that's true, and they continue to hold does that impact your expectation for crush?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Well, I think what could happen, I don't think there will be any unusual activity, so to speak, in terms of farmers selling the first half of the next year. The Argentine farmer will carry out a fair amount of soybeans against this year, as he did last year, but with the last crop coming, we will have normal commercialization of the Argentine bean crop through the first half of next year, and then depending on the expectation of the adjustment to the export tax, that's announced in 2018, the Argentine farmer might hold back some of his crop towards the end of next year. That would in all likelihood, if that happens in any kind of magnitude, would benefit other origins crush, such as the U.S. or Brazil, but that's I think is more of a Q4 question for next year.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then one just last one from me. China continues to be active in buying global ag assets, I'm just wondering, if you expect that that's going to continue here in the near term as they secure food availability?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I can't really comment on that, but what I do think is happening in China is that there is a freeing up of the price support system for grains and the recognition that improvement domestically in China is the more important way to secure food in the long term. I think that's something we'll be reading more about, but in terms of expansion overseas, I don't really have, I don't have a strong view on that.
Brett W. S. Wong - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks so much.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. I actually have two questions. First, I think we've established that the farmer selling thing is a time issue for when you recognize this revenue and income, and you mentioned there was $100 million out of 3Q. I guess, my question is does it matter when the farmer sells to you? In other words, are you going to get the $100 million back in 2017, or if they choose a different time or less advantageous time for you, does it turn into $75 million, just to use a number, or is it possible that it could wind up being more advantageous to you and it turns into $125 million? What difference does it make when they sell as it relates to your opportunity to monetize their crop?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: That's a good question. And I would say it depends. You probably expect that answer. It depends very much under the circumstance. If it is, under circumstances in Brazil where you have extremely strong export pull and stress on logistics and so forth, chances are that that margins will reflect that i.e., they will be better, so maybe it can turn in to be more than the $100 million. Conversely, if it is a benign environment into harvest next year, it could be a little bit less. It's just hard to tell. I would say, it's probably generally true that the more you buy far in advance because of the added element of managing risk around it, margins are typically a little bit better.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then just separate question for Drew. Last year, free cash flow, I think, was barely positive. This year, I guess, with less farmers selling, presumably less working capital, your free cash flow is ahead of – or your CFO is ahead year-over-year. Should we expect good free cash flow this year but then next year because there's going to be more volume through the system, do we maybe have less free cash flow?
Andrew J. Burke - Bunge Ltd.: No. I don't think that's necessarily the case, Vincent. In concept, it could work that way. What I would say is in contrasting the environments, we are down this year from year end about $200 million, and how much we've advanced to Brazilian farmers. So if you went back to a typical year, you may have another $200 million of outflow for that. And the other big thing in the working capital, it affects our year-end balances, is how the North American farmer behaves in terms of how much he sells, and when he wants payment for his own tax purposes. So those would be the two factors that would determine it. So maybe if crop prices, everything else held the same, the farmer comes back, figure $200 million less cash flow would be reasonable.
Vincent S. Andrews - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I think everything that's possibly to be asked has been asked, but I guess I'll ask about your CFO search. Where are you at in that? And are you looking more to the outside at sitting CFOs? Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I mean, we've been active with the search ever since early this year when Drew announced his retirement. And I think, we're getting towards the end of it. We've had very good slate of both internal and external candidates that we've reviewed. And I'd say, we're nearing the end of the decision-making process, and we'll be forthcoming with an announcement within the next short while.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Soren, do you think that Drew's replacement would have to have a working understanding of the grain markets or commodity markets, or does it not matter?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think it's an advantage probably, but I think it's something you can also learn. I think it was very important it is that the person has a good understanding of how the commodity markets work in general, and is very comfortable with the complexity of financials around that, but I don't think it has to be a grain expert, so to speak.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, Soren, my question is look, over the last several years, you've gone through some bolt-on acquisitions, you've done some cost savings initiatives, next year you have a reasonably normal environment, little puts and takes, how come when I think about 2017, I can't think about a normal year, ex, say, $100 million or $150 million of profit from Food, and just kind of think back to, when you kind of put together that $8 to $8.50 number, and why you are not progressing as aggressively towards that number?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I'm sorry, I didn't understand the reference to the $150 million.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Well, I think if I remember correctly, your Food business was supposed to be about $400 million, $450 million (1:03:26) and now you're looking for about $280 million (1:03:29) or something like that for next year. So again, I'll ex that out, but why isn't everything else kind of in that range of moving towards that longer-term EPS number?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I think next year will be. We won't hit the $8.50 obviously next year, that was a reach too far back in 2014, but many of the things we talked about back then are coming through, albeit at a slower pace. We have absolutely changed how we do business in Bunge. The savings, the $92 million so far this year, the $100 million last year are all real. The $125 million we'll save totally this year will in some form or fashion hit either margins or the bottom line or help us withstand competitive pressures. We have made big improvements on our global SG&A. We're down $100 million compared to last year, industrial costs were down. So many of the, let's say, operational improvements that we have – that we talked about back in 2017, we're absolutely delivering on. And they will benefit us from the future. The one thing that turned out to be not as I had hoped, was the overall margin environment. Margins across pretty much all sectors of our business, Agribusiness as well as Food & Ingredients has gone through a period of contraction.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): But I am saying about next year, like to me elevation margins seem to be in good shape, right? The crush environment in China is far better than what you would have expected.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: Yeah.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): U.S. is probably above average. Argentina, depending on selling, and I get to Brazil. But again, when I kind of put the composite together plus all the internal activities, I wouldn't think that you would get to a average number. I would think that you would be progressing above the average.
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: I agree with that. I was just trying to give the context of why we feel comfortable that despite what has been a very difficult overall margin environment, headwinds in places like Brazil, which we are not through with yet, Brazil has not recovered, that we feel comfortable about significant earnings growth going into 2017. Drew mentioned in his comments, and I did as well. And you can do the math, $400 million coming out of our smaller segments plus a normalized Agribusiness result will give you a significant bump in earnings, whether it is EBIT or whether it is EPS in 2017. And then we will grow from there. So I think we are absolutely looking at a significant uptick in earnings in 2017. And I think it is rooted in the improvements we've made ourselves, and not an environment, where there is wind in the back from all sides, but a normalized environment. So the confidence with which we talk about earnings growth next year is very high.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): And my final question is, with the stock price where it is, why not activate a more aggressive share repurchase program?
Soren W. Schroder - Bunge Ltd.: We agree with you that our share price is very undervalued, no doubt about it, but we also have to keep in mind our commitment to a BBB credit rating and the ratios that that implies. And we have a couple of sizeable bolt-ons that we will be executing on, closing on in the first quarter of next year, that we want to get through first. And then we will have another look, but the crush acquisitions in the Europe and the Grupo Minsa should both close in the first quarter of next year, and we'll obviously require some cash, and then we'll have another look beyond that. But I agree with your statement about the valuation of our stock.
Kenneth Bryan Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Haden, for closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Bunge Ltd.: Great. Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you everyone for joining us today. And I want to also remind you that we will be hosting an Investor Day on December 13 in New York City. And the event will be an opportunity to meet more of our executives than you have in the past and also learn more about our company. Thank you again for joining us.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-28 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden – Director of Investor Relations Soren Schroder – Chief Executive Officer Andrew Burke – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Sandy Klugman – Vertical Research Cornell Burnette – Citi Adam Samuelson – Goldman Sachs Ann Duignan – JPMorgan Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Farha Aslam – Stephens Kenneth Zaslow – Bank of Montreal Brett Wong – Piper Jaffray
Operator: Welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Vanessa. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide two, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge had provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Shcroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren Schroder: Thank you, Mark. And good morning, everybody. The second quarter finished better than expected, and we're optimistic for the balance of the year. We managed the business prudently in a period of volatile markets and margins, and made progress on strategic initiatives. In Agribusiness, we continue to improve the efficiency and growth potential of our already industry-leading footprint in crush and origination. We [indiscernible] and feel the improvement in soft seeds will come later this year with the new crop. In early June, we inaugurated the state-of-the-art crushing facility in our fourth complex in the Kyiv, Ukraine. And in Vietnam, we recently announced the crush joint venture with Wilmar and Green Feed, which will link our upstream pressing operation to Wilmar's downstream oil refining and consumer products business and Green Feed's marketing activities. And this week in Brazil, we announced the joint venture with AMAGGI, a leading Brazilian farming and agribusiness company. Together we will share the export terminal at Barcarena and transhipment station in Miritituba to ensure the facilities operate at the highest levels of utilization and efficiency. We have other partnerships such as the SALIC, the Saudi agricultural and livestock Investment Company in Canada, which will help fill gaps in our global grain footprint. In Food & Ingredients, most of our recent investments have been in milling. In September, we will start up a new state-of-the-art mill in Rio de Janeiro, which along with our Pacifico acquisition will put us in a strong position to compete as the Brazilian market stabilize. In Mexico and the U.S., our milling footprint is strong and diversified and with many new product offerings. We are well-placed to grow earnings in our global Milling segment. As we make new investments, we also continue our strong focus on cost reduction. In both Agribusiness and food, our improvement program for delivering a plan was approximately $60 million recorded in the first half. And we're on track for the $125 million for the full year. Global SG&A is down significantly over the last few years, probably helped by foreign exchange, but also as a result of discipline and classes improvement. Earlier this year, we referred to four areas of focus, Europe and Brazil foods, China crush and U.S. grains. I want to spend a few minute discussing what we're doing. In both U.S. and Brazil, we have restructured our food businesses and are reducing cost. We have regained market share in Brazil in both retail oil and in margarines. And in Europe, volumes were also strong. But retail margins in both regions continued to be pressured and that is why we are focused on building out our B2B capabilities. Given our upstream strength, we have the prerequisites to build strong added value positions in [indiscernible]. And an important step in this direction is our recently announced acquisition of Walter Rau, a highly regarded oil business in Germany. The company has strong products and capabilities to the B2B customer segment which can be leverage throughout Bunge and fits perfectly into our existing soft sheet crush network. We're on the right track on making good progress. In China, demand growth continues to both proteins and oils, but margins remain very weak due to structural over capacity. We've been very disciplined, managing risk and pipelines tightly and reducing cost to remain lean. We also increase in production of full fat soya with diversified [indiscernible] and we are growing our downstream oil business. We expect the profitability of the crush industry in China will improve in the medium term and when it does, you will be in a strong position. In the U.S., the upcoming grain export season looks very promising compared to last but there are still structural industry overcapacity. We are adjusting, having shutdown 12 interior facilities over the last two years in consolidating volumes in our best locations. And we are continuing to focus on leaner operations and looking for ways to perfect our footprint both on the West Coast and in the U.S. Gulf. We're optimistic about growing earnings this year and next. We have a solid foundation in Agribusiness. The most balanced footprint globally and our food businesses will be soon growth with a strong upstream connectivity. Fertilizer is solid and in sugar we will place to profit from the upstream in the cycle. Now, I'll turn over to Drew with some more details on the financials.
Andrew Burke: Thanks Mark. Let's turn to slide 4 in our earnings highlights. Net income for the second quarter was a $121 million, $35 million higher than the prior year's $86 million. On a year to date basis, net income is $356 million versus $349 million in the prior year. Our year to date tax rate excluding notable items is 26%. Earnings per share from continuing operations diluted for the quarter is $0.81 versus $0.50 in the prior year, year-to-date earnings per share is $2.43 versus $2.11 in the prior year. 2016 diluted earnings per share for the six month period, adjusted for notable items is $2.23 versus $2.12 in the prior year. Total segment EBIT adjusted for the quarter is $217 million, $65 million higher than the previous year, with all segments reporting improved results. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $180 million versus $134 million in the prior year, a higher performance was due to our Grains business, which reported an adjusted EBIT of $124 million versus $71 million the prior year. The increase was primarily driven by our Grains trading and distribution business where we benefited from increased volumes and improved risk management results. Our South American port operations performed well as both volumes and margins were higher within the prior year. Brazil origination was an important contributor to the quarter, our results were below prior year as farmers were more reluctant to price their crop due to the combination of lower production, volatile currencies, and commodity prices. Origination margins in the United States and Argentina remains under pressure. Argentina was impacted by the April floods, continued concern about inflation and lower prices, which reduced the farmer's willingness to sell. The U.S. is expected to pick up as harvest near later in the year and export demand picks up. Oilseeds adjusted EBIT for the quarter was $56 million versus $63 million in the prior year. 2016 results benefited from approximately $40 million of mark-to-market gains on our Oilseed processing hedges, which were reversed mostly in the third quarter. Adjusting for this Oilseeds second quarter adjusted EBIT was approximately $16 million. The low result was due to continued weak [indiscernible] margins in both Canada and Europe, our Argentine Processing business that was negatively impacted by the adverse weather early in the quarter that delayed both deliveries and shipments and processing margins in China, which remain under pressure. Additionally, our oilseeds trading and distribution business reported lower results. Our Brazilian and North American Soy processing business has reported stronger results and strong mill and oil demands supported gross margins. Our Food & Ingredients business adjusted EBIT for the second quarter was $35 million versus $29 million in the prior year. The second quarter result was negatively impacted by the reversal of approximately $12 million of mark-to-market gains that were recorded in the first quarter. The improved performance was led by our milling business as EBIT increased $13 million to $33 million, for all our major businesses, Brazil and Mexico, wheat milling and U.S. Corn Milling reported earnings increases. Brazil Wheat Milling achieved both higher volumes and margins and has successfully integrating the Pacifico acquisition. In Mexico, margins were higher due to improved sales mix and ongoing productivity and cost gains, U.S. Corn Milling benefited from higher volumes and industrial cost reductions. Edible oils 2016 second quarter EBIT was $2 million versus a $6 million loss in the prior year. As mentioned earlier, the Edible Oils second quarter results were negatively impacted by the approximate $12 million mark-to-market reverse. European results showed an improvement from prior year, continue to be impacted by weak economic conditions in Eastern Europe, resulting in lower demand, Asian results were higher as margins improved, and Brazil results were line with prior year as volumes were strong in a pre-economic crisis levels, the margins were weak as an excess supply of domestic soya bean oil from the peak crushing period pressured retail margins and consumers continue to buy lower-value products. In the United States, results were lower than last year as an improvement in packaging was more than offset by a decline in refining margins. Our Argentine business continues to produce solid results. Sugar EBIT was breakeven versus a loss of $12 million in the prior year due to improved performance in our Sugar Milling business. Sugar Milling's improvement was primarily due to higher sugar and ethanol prices and an improved overall cost structure as a result of our productivity initiatives. These benefits were partially offset by lower crushing volumes due to wet weather. Our Trading & Distribution business performed in line with last year. Results from our Argentine biofuel joint venture were lower as margins compressed. Let's go to slide 5. Our return on invested capital for the four quarters' average ending June 30 was 8.1% for Bunge Limited. For our core Agribusiness and Food businesses, our return on invested capital was 9.6%, 2.6% above our cost of capital. The returns are down slightly from full-year 2015 as invested capital was higher, reflecting the impact of higher commodity prices on working capital levels. Let's turn to slide 6, our cash flow highlights. For the six months ended June 30, cash used for operations was $684 million. Funds from operation of $866 million was more than offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities, which resulted in an outflow of approximately $1.6 billion. The increase in operating assets was primarily due to inventories and reflects the normal seasonal impact from the arrival of the South American harvest and the increased commodity prices. Our liquidity position remains strong. At June 30, we had $3.4 billion available and unused under our committed credit lines. Let's turn to slide 7 in our capital allocation priorities. Our first priority continues to be maintaining a strong balance sheet and a BBB credit rating. After that, we allocate funds from mandatory shareholders, purchase and acquisitions in capital expenditures in a way that maximizes long-term returns for our shareholders. This year we have returned $324 million to our shareholders with dividend and shared buybacks. We have not used funds for mergers and acquisitions as our recently announced acquisition have brought [indiscernible] and has not yet closed. Both on acquisitions remain a key element of our strategy going forward. We have spent $275 million in capital expenditures and expect to be at or below our annual target of $850 million. Let's turn to slide 6 in the outlook. We continue to expect earnings growth in 2016. And oilseeds underlying them in is expected to remain solid. USTA is projecting 7% global consumption growth for both soybean meal and oil. The outlook for U.S. processing margin is positive, and should benefit from a tighter supply situation in South America. Both Canadian canola and European sunseed margin should benefit from large new crops. Grape Seed will remain under pressure as we file these as the main results in over capacity. Results will be weighted towards the fourth quarter as farmer retention in South America is putting processing margins under newer term pressure. And we will absorb most of the mark-to-mark reversal in the third quarter. The grains business in the United States in the Black Sea should benefit from the combination of large new crops in the northern hemisphere and reduce crops and farmer retention in South America. But we expect our South American originate in activities remain slower than typical for this time of the year. Any spike in prices or currency could trigger increase selling. Food & Ingredient results were expected to be in the $200 million to $230 million range as our performance improvement initiatives continues to support profit growth. Milling should continue on its current positive trend. With our cost structure and capabilities continuing to improve and volumes are increasing, the pace of profit growth in Edible Oils will largely be determined by the speed of margin recovery in the Brazilian and Eastern European markets. Our Sugar business continues to develop policy positively. Excuse me. Our agricultural productivity efforts are producing positive results. Our Sugar is hedged, and ethanol pricing is expected to remain strong. We forecast an EBIT for the segment of $50 million to $60 million assuming normal weather patterns. In Fertilizer, we expect EBIT to be approximately $35 million as improved Argentine farmer economics drive volumes. We continue to project a tax rate excluding notable items of 25% to 29%. Now, I will turn the call back over to our operator, Vanessa, and we will take your questions.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And we have our first question from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research.
Sandy Klugman: Good morning. Thank you. Soren, in the U.S., on-farm sewage for both corn and soy remains at pretty elevated levels. Do you have expectations for having environmental sewage evolve going forward and whether or not we'll see more willingness on the part of growers to originate crops at current levels?
Soren Schroder: My impression is that storage increases and stores capacity have peaked. So, whatever we have, we have, and – but it looks like and other record crop in both corn and soybeans this year. It's a little early to talk about soybeans. We still have August to go through. But, it does look like it's another record combination of corn and beans. You would think that the more normalized marketing patterns as we get into the fall, that being said, farmers in general don't like prices where they are. So, they will probably hold back while they can. But, the crops are going to be so significant that I think we will have a normal export flow and a normal flow out farm this fall, assuming that crops continue as they currently look.
Sandy Klugman: Okay. Great. And a follow-up. Last week, I was in an industry conference, there's a lot of focus on which Presidential Candidate is more likely to support the passage of the transpacific partnership. I was wondering if you had any views on which candidate might be more likely to support the passage of the bill. And whether or not, you view that as being a potential driver for Bunge going forward.
Soren Schroder: I don't think it has a meaningful impact on our business to be honest. And I had really not much of a comment on – for each candidate is likely to go either way. There's plenty of confusion at the moment. So, I'm going to hold back on that one.
Sandy Klugman: No. I understood entirely. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning, this is Cornell Burnette in with some few questions from David.
Soren Schroder: Good morning, Cornell.
Andrew Burke: Hey, Cornell.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. Great. Just on the quarter, you had mentioned a number of things regarding the Agribusiness segment and the outlook. And it appears from your comments that many of the headwinds encountered in agribusiness in South America from 2Q are expected to carry over into 3Q. So, given that 3Q were also possessed kind of the negative impact of the mark-to-market reversal, should we expect that overall 3Q profits and agribusiness will be down both into what they were in the second quarter?
Soren Schroder: I think you should expect something along the same lines the way things looked at the moment. It moves very quickly. And a lot of it really has to do with the rate, the degree of farmers selling in -particular in Brazil. The third quarter is typically a big quarter for a farmer pricing that new crop in Brazil. And it is rather uncertain how that plays out this year. The look now is going to be less than it was last year. So, we are probably a little bit less optimistic about that element than we were perhaps back in the second – as we had the last call simply because prices have come down both in Chicago and the reais has rallied. So, I think somewhere around the same level as Q2 is probably a good starting point as things look now, but they can change quickly.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. And then back on the first quarter call in early end of the year. I know there was a bit amount of optimism for kind of crushing results out of Argentina, but it seems like things changed really quickly during the second quarter. And I was wondering if you can go on and sew a little bit deeper and just explaining kind of what are some of the pieces that moved in the second quarter that basically changed the outlook for Argentine question?
Soren Schroder: Yeah. We had a very good start of the year. Q1 was very good. And the second quarter was a bit of a disappointment. Some of it was because of the sort of the natural events of rain for three weeks and disruption in the ports and the poor quality of the crop, et cetera. So, it really set us back. The second quarter wasn't nearly working as expected in Argentina relative to where we were when we spoke last. On the flip side, Brazil had a very good quarter in crushing and the U.S. was a bit better, as well. So, it almost surround, global demand is strong and so whatever one reason [indiscernible] made up some place else. As for the outlook, I think the best way to describe Argentina is still a country and industry that is in transition from really some very tough years to something better but it's taking time. And that it looks right now, farmers are holding on to their commodities, soybeans in particular, more so than they would have expected. There are some reasons for that. The biggest one probably is the expectation of a deduction in the export tax of soybeans which has been announced by the government. Timing is a bit uncertain. But it's enough of an incentive for the farmer to hold on to his beans, and we actually at the moment expect farmers to carry over about the same amount of soybeans into the export profit they did this year. So, in some ways, for different reasons, the Argentine farmer is holding on to his beans, letting go of his corn, but the result is that the pace of crush in Argentina for the balance of the year is likely to be lower than what we had initially expected. And that is one of the reasons why we are so optimistic about the U.S. export season again, picking up the slack. So, we really do expect that the September or October through February period in North American crops to be quite excellent as a result of that.
Cornell Burnette: That's very good. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Great. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe, Soren, I want to kind of follow-up on the thing you just talked about with the third quarter maybe looking similar to 3Q and just taking a step back, I know you've given the guidance for EPS growth. You've given the segmented – the other segments which all are growing year-on-year. Should we take it as there will not be earnings growth in the Agribusiness segment this year? And if so, can you talk about kind of the key areas that are down? I presume it's hard – it's Brazil origination, but maybe talk about the variances within that – what sounds like an EBIT decline for the full year in Agribusiness?
Soren Schroder: Yeah. I think you've framed it right. We don't expect at this point to reach last year's record in Agribusiness. It's too early to call it, to be honest. It's the third and the fourth quarters do have wide ranges historically in terms of Agribusiness contribution, anywhere from $400 million to $700 million. Last year, we were at $590 million if my memory is right. So, it's a fairly wide range and a lot of it really is hinging in the pace of farmer pricing in Brazil. It is a major driver of profitability during the third quarter. It has been in the last few years. And, obviously, how Argentina plays out for the balance of the year is very important as well. So, given the strength of real and the sell-off in Chicago with the outlook for strong – very good crop in the U.S. and prices that were lower perhaps than what we expected back a month or two ago, we do expect that pricing from the Brazilian farmer will remain subdued. There will be some but it will be less than last year. And therefore, we're a bit cautious of dialing up expectations too much in Agribusiness. But, I mean, other crops of Bunge will do extremely well. We do expect that Brazil will have a good second half in crushing despite the reduction in pricing from farmers, the U.S. would have a very good crushing season, start off at crushing season and a very strong export pull. So, terminals, grain origination, all that should be very strong and Europe should have a very nice second half as well. I don't want to get pegged to a number too much. But, last year's record, I think, at this point, looks too much of a stretch. Obviously, the upside at this point is probably somewhere around $1 billion. For Agribusiness, that is what – that's probably would say. And probably as we speak right now, it's a touch less.
Andrew Burke: I think Adam, just to add a little perspective to that, in the second quarter call, someone mentioned that last year's number would be the upside of what we could achieve. So, even when we enter the year, talking about earnings growth overall, we never really expected to beat last year on Agribusiness. The margin is just – we're in setting up that way. And – repeating what he said, a little bit. But I just think it is important for everybody to keep it in my mind. A change in the U.S. harvest are changing Brazilian selling patterns can change the opportunities in Agribusiness dramatically and quickly. And that's one reason why we've given guidance for the other segments. We're not comfortable to do so in Agribusiness. We say it more as a range.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then, maybe a separate but somewhat related question, you had some pretty sharp reductions year-to-date, on the SG&A line, second quarter notably 16%, a lot of that was in Agribusiness. Mitigating some of the gross profit pressures. Can you talk about the sustainability of those reductions. Somewhat – I guess, some of it might be currency related. But, thinking about that SG&A outlook moving forward and the potential earnings lever that gives you in a better farmer selling or crush margin environments in 2017 or 2018.
Soren Schroder: Yeah. Adam, I think we have made a significant structural changes in our SG&A. As Soren said there was a particular focus on the Brazilian food business where we're thinking on a lot of cost to adjust it to the new reality of the market down there. And throughout our operations there's been a great focus to get a cap on G&A cost. So, we would expect it to continue at a lower trend and it has been historically. It's always an interesting question of how much of it is FX related, some of it certainly is, but usually evaluation of the currency is matched with a pretty high inflation rate. So, when we get the advantage of that devaluation, our local teams-teams in the countries that's done a very good job of cutting enough cost of the said inflation. But it's been an area of emphasis and we expect to stay in the current trend.
Adam Samuelson: Got it. If I could just have one more quick one in. The [indiscernible] JV, the business in Asia, can you-any financial impact of whether cash inflow or earnings or earnings impact of these JV actions?
Soren Schroder: I mean there will obviously be some cash inflow as a result of this, but the real reason for doing this is to get our assets up to a much higher level of utilization and sort of create the base for the growth. Both of the joint ventures will be in the position to expand down field in the existing locations. And we will be a much leaner, global, total operated with our [indiscernible] and by ourselves. So, I think this is very good for us longer term.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. I'll pass it on. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JP Morgan.
Ann Duignan: Yeah. Hi. Good morning. Could you talk a little bit about Brazilian farmer’s access to working capital, what are we hearing down there in terms of their ability to borrow or bank's willingness to lend, just a little bit of color, please.
Soren Schroder: I mean it is a constraint for many farmers to obtain working capital for their crop finance without a doubt. And we are seeing that by the number of request that we get for helping the crop refinance. And we are engaging with those farmers we know well to pass our credit tests. And we take a very portfolio-like approach to how we distribute credit throughout the regions. So, we see that very much so and I think it's one of the reasons why we probably won't see much of an expansion in acreage going into the next year. We do expect to see better yields, but not much of an increase in acreage.
Ann Duignan: Okay. And that's helpful. Thank you. And then, Drew, could you address the fact that the wash in wheat and what that might do to demand for corn or other commodities? And can you just give on why wheat has grown around the world? What does that do to your business net-net?
Andrew Burke: Well, I mean when wheat trade is up. So, that's a good thing, we participate in wheat trade particularly on to the Black Sea and wheat in many parts of the world and global trade is substituting corn in feed. And that's – up until, I would say, couple of weeks ago, when the weather changed in the U.S. that is what the market was telling consumers to do that we could have had a problem in corn, and now we don't. But wheat was the substitute in feed. The more wheat that is said in – under margin probably has a slightly negative impact on the – on protein demand, but the numbers we are talking about at the moment are relatively insignificant in the total scheme of global protein demand. So, for us, it is a shift of trade from one commodity to the other. And as it looks right now, both corn and wheat will be competing in feed rations assuming that we complete the crop in the U.S. as it currently looks.
Ann Duignan: So, net-net, no negative impact on margins or volumes?
Andrew Burke: No. No.
Ann Duignan: Okay.
Andrew Burke: A shift from corn trade to wheat trade. But if you look at the next six months at least, the U.S. is the game in town on corn. So, wherever corn is exported, it is really a U.S. or Ukrainian affair. South America sold out. So, you won't see this as a negative in the upcoming U.S. campaign. They'll have very strong corn exports.
Ann Duignan: Okay. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone. Just wondering if you can dimensionalize a bit looking at the grains' performance year-over-year. Presumably, a fair amount that has to do with that dislocation you just referenced in terms of South America being short on corn. How much of a driver was that of the grains' performance in the quarter?
Soren Schroder: It was a fair amount. No doubt that our position in Brazilian corn origination helps us in markets like these. But also, our Distribution & Trading businesses of destination did extremely well. So, it really was a full-chain, let's say, success in connecting origin to destinations and reading the markets right.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then the Argentina – you referenced the soya export tariff reduction that's supposed to happen over a series of years, but there's been some chatter recently that maybe given the movement in the currency and the commodity price and the resulting impact-favorable impact at farmer income that maybe they're not going to reduce the export tariff, because the government needs the money. Do you have any thoughts on that just in general, and is that something you're hearing is impacting farmers' desire to monetize their crop?
Soren Schroder: Well, so far, I guess farmers in general believe that there will be a reduction in the export tax for about 5% and that was I think, one of the campaign promises. So, they're speaking to that and that is one of the main reasons why, farmer selling soybeans is-could have been slower than we expected. If that changes, and I don't know exactly how that would change other than a key statement by the government. Then, no, I can't [indiscernible] could shift and it could shift quickly. The soybeans are there, you know that. They're not in particularly good conditions, so storing them for long periods of time is probably not a good thing. So, the situation can change quickly, As it looks right now, the farmer is content on holding on to beans and marketing developments of his corn crop. But as we get into October, November, this can-unless he start making planting decisions for the new crop which will be in September, we could see second flurry of farmer pricing. And it could be more if there's less of the belief in the export tax reduction, but that's not how it looks right now.
Vincent Andrews: Okay. Maybe just lastly, is it related to cash flow? I might have missed it. But did you give a CapEx forecast? And then also, how should we think about cash flow from operations, it's obviously negative year to date with the boom of the commodity prices at this instance, come down. Do you think it will be positive or negative there?
Andrew Burke: On the two parts, on CapEx, our guidance for the year was $850 million. We'd expect to be and that includes $150 million for sugar roughly, that is mainly re-planning. We expect to be at or below that number as the Europe plays out. You'll see that that means we are back and loaded but we are finishing up the wheat mill in Brazil in the second half and we're working on the port and [indiscernible]. So, two really big parts of that satellite have some decent spending on the back half of the year. On cash flow, working capital in our business is always very hard to project. It is a combination – it is mainly going to be inventory-driven and it will be a combination of where commodity prices settle, how much more of selling we see, and whether the market is in an inverse or carry. If it's in an inverse, we'll have very little inventories. If it's in a carry, depending on the profit opportunity in the carry, we may elect to carry more inventories. So, very hard to give a precise projection on where the working capital will come out. Right now, prices are off demand of the quarter, so you'd expect some improvement. But the pace of selling by the North American and Brazilian farmer will determine where we are at year-end.
Vincent Andrews: Sure. Understood. Appreciate it very much. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam: Hi. Good morning.
Soren Schroder: Hi, Farha.
Andrew Burke: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: Could you just share with us farmer selling in Brazil? If they choose not to sell it in the third quarter, is it simply a timing issue where you'll realize those earnings in later periods or will those earnings opportunities decline if they choose not to sell it in the third quarter?
Soren Schroder: Okay. What we're talking about here is new crop expected [indiscernible] up as pricing. And as you know, we record some of the profit when farmers price. So, that is a trigger for the P&L. If they don't sell in the third quarter, they will likely sell even the fourth or at harvest. So, it is just the deferral of income, it is not foregone.
Farha Aslam: Okay. So, it's just an issue of timing.
Soren Schroder: Yes.
Andrew Burke: Yes. That's correct.
Farha Aslam: Okay. That's helpful. And the second one is on Brazil and Eastern Europe. Your businesses there in oils and – are struggling. Could you share with us kind of actions that you're taking, independent of economy recovery that could help profits going forward. And what kind of profit do you think you can see an improvement of without a full economy recovery? Going into next year?
Andrew Burke: Yeah. So, a lot of the improvement programs that we have in Food & Ingredients are in that. Our refineries and our packaging plants roughly $35 million or $40 million of the $60 million that we have recorded so far this year, are in the Food & Ingredients segment and they're very much to aim that at increasing efficiencies or refineries and packing plants. And that is all about increasing OEE, taking out fixed cost where we can, manning appropriately, not paying over time. Distribution and supply chain, we've made big progress, we've reduced a number of distribution centers in Brazil and we are negotiating, I think, more effectively freight to those centers. At headquarters, we have become leaner and we are now running the business much more as an integrated home with our crushing business so that we don't miss any of opportunities. That's one of the reasons why we've been able to regain market share, so, significantly. But, the bottom line is that at the shelf in places like Brazil, consumers are still trading down and sort of valuable brands don't get the mark-up they historically deserve. So, that's one piece of it. The other part of it is in Brazil and in Europe, actually Europe and particularly. We are too skew towards retail. We want to build a presence in oil in Brazil and in Europe. That is more like what we have in the U.S., which is much more heavily weighted towards B2B that takes time. But once you develop that and you connect to some of those global key accounts we were working on, it is a business that is more predictable and speaks more to capabilities, innovation and application. And so, the acquisition we made with Walter Rau is one example of how we're trying to acquire those types of capabilities. But it takes time to get that done. It's a change that will take probably several quarters to be complete with. Without that necessarily, we would expect that oils should get to a quarterly profit of somewhere around $30 million as we get into – well, maybe in a little bit more as we get into Q3 and Q4 as that is the seasonal peak in Europe when all the new crop, sunseed oil come into market, et cetera. So, we will certainly have improved from where we were in the second quarter even adjusted from the $12 million mark-to-market. And should be in a good spot by the end of the year. But the real move in oils will come as we build out that B2B capability.
Farha Aslam: That's helpful. And if I can just sneak in one more. It's on the Chinese crush margins. Have you seen any improvement coming into the third quarter on the Chinese crush? And what's your outlook for Chinese crush?
Soren Schroder: They have improved. They've improved from pretty bad levels, I should say. But they're at least positive gross margin now. And we expect that as we get into the fourth quarter, the third quarter will still be challenging. But the fourth quarter, we would expect margins to get back to covering full cost at least. So, an improvement from [indiscernible] still not where, let's say, it should be. I think that will take probably into next year to get to that situation as demand continues to grow and maybe even to the over capacity which exists there.
Farha Aslam: That's helpful. Thank you.
Soren Schroder: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Soren Schroder: Hi, Ken. Good morning.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just two or three questions. The first one is, this is the second quarter in the row that you sided with management as a contributor to your earnings. And I'm curious, are you seeing things that are getting better there? Are you guys doing anything different? Because this has been several years that maybe you didn't find that as the opportunity. Can you just talk to that a little bit?
Soren Schroder: Yeah. I don't think that there is anything meant by that. We feel demand at risk well, and has been for a while, the process is the same although we always try to perfect it. But it's the same team, it's the same process. Risk income in the second quarter was not significant, but we did managed margins and volatility well. It was, as you know, a very, very volatile quarter and our team has helped us sort of stay in the right side of things. But it's not an indication of a change in trend. I think we've handled this well, over the last many periods.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. I'm thinking about – I know [indiscernible] 2016. When I think about 2017 and beyond, if I take a step back, you will see all these protein production coming online, being chickens, being cattle and hogs online. Is there a structural set-up where your margin structure for crush margins may be actually structurally higher and more sustainable? Is there a case to be made for that? And can you talk to that?
Soren Schroder: I think, that is actually the core of our, let's say, belief that we can grow earnings over the next years, in a structural way. Soy crush capacity utilization, let's say, outside of China, we put China aside. We'll continue to go up and we are – we're very optimistic at both in South America and the U.S. and Europe. Margins have sort of have transitioned into a new level. Now, they are big and very volatile in the last quarter because of the movements in Chicago. But, as a matter of trend, we do believe that soy crush margin will continue to edge higher and ultimately, get to levels where we will have to encourage new capacity to be built. And that should be a story that is reasonably predictable for the next several years. And in China, it is the same, but it will take longer. China, probably could be at four years out before you get into the same sort of level of capacity utilization. 80%, 85% or 85% -- yeah, 80% to 85% when you get the margin part that we are now experiencing everywhere else. So, yes, you're absolutely right. Protein demand is super solid, continues to grow. Same thing for oil demand and that should be reflected in a higher trending global crush margin.
Kenneth Zaslow: So, I don't want to hold you to this, but, how do you think earnings is progressive over the next couple of years? I know, a couple of years, you kind of talked about the $8. I'm not pinning  To be held to that. But do you think you're back on track on that? Do you think there is a setup for you? Do you need more external factors to help you out? Or is there enough internal actions that would be taken? How do you kind of frame it? And again, not just for this year, but kind of a little bit longer-term?
Soren Schroder: I think we are on the trend towards that but without giving a date. And I think the crush piece of it should be meaningful both soy but also soft. And we've got close to 40 million tons of soy crush capacity. And you – if you expect margins to improve over the next couple of years on average by $3 to $5 a ton and the same thing in soft seeds, you can get to a nice delta in the – positive delta in earnings just from that. So, that is really – that is where we think the earnings growth will be in Agribusiness. Grain handling is going to be dictated by things we can't always control such as pace of farmer selling and foreign exchange, et cetera, et cetera. We're not really dialing in much growth there, but we are in the soy crush. And I'll say between $150 million and $200 million worth of EBIT growth over the next few years is very likely. And you add that on top of what we believe is a higher trending EBIT in our Food & Ingredients business plus the bump, we are very likely to get in Sugar and Fertilizer. And you start getting some EPSs that are not too far from what we had said earlier.
Kenneth Zaslow: I appreciate. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray.
Brett Wong: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First, I wanted to ask your thoughts on the Brazilian political front and the impact of Agribusiness and Foods in the region, if kind of when a new government has been in place there?
Soren Schroder: It's too early to have much of an idea on this, but it does feel like in general that things have stabilized and some good people are in charge and are taking action, positive action. There's a sense of maybe not optimism at things that bottomed out. And we'll see the next quarters whether that's really the case. But it does feel like the worse is behind. And we'll see what happens once the [indiscernible] progress is – the process is completed, which I think is imminent. And I think in general, the farm community is in reasonable shape. Brazil is still a little cost producer and farmers – the good farmers will prosper. So, we're very positive about Brazil in general and it does feel like the economy might – getting close to having the worse behind it.
Brett Wong: Great. Thanks. And then on the sugar business, and obviously things improved there, but just wondering – your thoughts on the potential asset sale there, obviously once they've improved there's not a whole lot of pressure on timing, but any progression you're seeing there would be helpful.
Soren Schroder: It is absolutely true that things have improved. And as Drew mentioned, this will be a good year for us in sugar, $50 million to $60 million EBIT will be the best we've had. And next year, it looks like a nice job up from there. So, I think within the next year, year-and-a-half, as the profitability of the sector becomes evident and as we delivered the numbers, the environment for somehow reducing exposure to the milling piece will become more positive. And we will take appropriate actions when opportunities present themselves. But it's too early to talk about in concrete.
Brett Wong: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks,
Soren Schroder: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Vanessa. I want to announce that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York City in December. On the last call, I mentioned it would be on December 15. We changed the date to December 13 which is a Tuesday. So, please save that date and I'll be coming out with more information as the date approaches. And lastly, thank you for participating in our call today.
Operator: And thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Director, Investor Relations Soren Schroder - Chief Executive Officer Drew Burke - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Farha Aslam - Stephens Sandy Klugman - Vertical Research Partners Rob Moskow - Credit Suisse Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray
Operator: Hello and welcome back to the First Quarter 2016 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today’s call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Vanessa and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that he we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section as well. I would like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren Schroder: Okay, Mark. Thanks a lot and welcome to everybody. Bunge started the year on a solid note. Our Agribusiness team managed markets, margins and logistics very well in a challenging environment. Our food and ingredients business has stabilized and we are seeing positive signs in Brazil, with gains in both volume and market shares. We remain confident that we will deliver earnings growth over last year. Markets have certainly changed since our last update to investors. Both Brazil and Argentina are experiencing weather-related crop reductions in corn and soybeans respectively. This will impact our second quarter results, but with continued strong global demand, the new environment could result in interesting dislocations in the second half of the year suiting our well-balanced global footprint. At the same time, soy and softseed gross margins should improve in the second half of the year which will provide benefits to our Northern Hemisphere operations. We expect our food business will show earnings growth in the second half of the year and finish above last year’s result. We are making solid progress in improving our cost base, added valuable capabilities and key account management. These improvements, which have been masked by the adverse effects of the economic headwinds in Brazil, Russia and the Ukraine, are fundamental to the future growth of the segment and the expansion of the value added share of our portfolio. It took an important step in this direction with the announced acquisition of Walter Rau in Neuss, a highly regarded oils and fats business in Germany. The company has strong products and capabilities in the b-to-b customer segment and fits perfectly into our existing softseed crush supply chains. In Sugar and Bioenergy the market environment is constructive, the strong global demand and better prices matching up against the record king crop and sugar production in Brazil and remained focused on reducing cost and improving efficiencies across all segments in our performance improvement programs delivered $24 million in the first quarter and we are targeting $125 million for the full year. So in short, we have a strong team, excellent footprint and a business which continues to perform. Our strategy is clear and we are confident about earnings growth going forward. And now, I will turn it over to Drew who will give you more detail to our performance and the outlook.
Drew Burke: Thank you, Soren. Let’s turn to Slide 4 in the earnings highlights. Total segment EBIT for the quarter was $322 million. Agribusiness EBIT was $282 million in 2016 versus $330 million in 2015. As a reminder, 2015 results included profits of $70 million from market-to-market reversals on contracts related to oilseeds processing and bunker hedges. Oilseed results were lower due to weaker soy processing results. Results in Europe and the United States were negatively impacted by increased export competition from Argentina.  While our Argentine business benefited from increased volumes, the negative impact in the Northern Hemisphere more than offset the improvement in Argentina. Soy processing results in Brazil were good and comparable to last year. Oilseeds distribution and risk management strategies performed well and in line with prior years. Grains EBIT, was $144 million versus $88 million in 2015. Our trading and distribution and port service businesses performed well as we benefited from strong South American export flows. Risk management strategies also performed well in the quarter. Foods EBIT, was $52 million versus $72 million in the prior year. These businesses continue to be impacted by difficult macroeconomic conditions and currency translation, particularly in Brazil, Russia and the Ukraine. Our Brazilian businesses showed improvements as we moved through the quarter. Margins in local currency moved higher in both edible oils and milling. Additionally, the integration of the Pacifico acquisition and construction of our new wheat mill in Rio de Janeiro continue on track. Our North American food businesses continue to perform well with results in line with prior year. The quarter did benefit from a $12 million mark-to-market gain that will reverse over the remainder of the year. Sugar and bioenergy reported a loss of $14 million versus a loss of $23 million in the prior year. The improvement in results was primarily driven by higher volumes in margins in our trading and distribution business. Our sugarcane milling business performed as expected. The first quarter is the inner harvest period for the Brazilian sugarcane industry. The mills are not operating and sales are from inventories carried over from the prior crop. Fertilizer EBIT was $2 million in 2016 versus a loss of $6 million in the prior year due to higher volumes and margins in Argentina and higher volumes in our Brazilian port operation. The prior year was negatively impacted by the strike at our manufacturing facility in Argentina. Net income per common share diluted and adjusted was $1.41 in 2016 versus $1.58 in 2015. 2016 unadjusted net income per share is higher at $1.60 a share due to the positive impact of notable tax items. Let’s turn to Slide 5 and our return on invested capital. Our trailing fourth quarter return on invested capital from Bunge Limited at March 31 was 7.9% and above our cost of capital of 7%. Our integrated foods and agribusiness businesses had a return of 9.4%, which is 2.4% above our cost of capital. The reduction in return on invested capital from the trailing four quarters ended December 31 primarily reflects a lower EBIT in the first quarter of 2016 when compared to the strong 2015 first quarter. Let’s turn to Slide 6 and our cash flow highlights. Cash provided by operations was $77 million in the quarter. Funds from operations, was $491 million comprised of net income of $232 million, depreciation, depletion and amortization of $113 million and other non-cash items. Funds used for working capital, was $414 million due to the seasonal impact of the South American harvest and higher volumes and receivables in our grains business. Our liquidity position remains strong. At March 31, we have $3.3 million of credit available under our committed credit facilities. Let’s turn to Slide 7 and our capital allocation priorities. Our first objective is to maintain an investment grade credit rating with the target of BBB. We currently are rated BBB stable by all three credit agencies and manage our business to maintain that rating. After that, we allocate capital based on creating the highest long-term value for our shareholders. In the first quarter, we returned $243 million to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In 2016, we have repurchased $200 million of shares, $181 million of purchases were settled in the first quarter and $19 million in the second quarter. We did not complete any acquisitions in the first quarter. As Soren indicated, we have just announced the acquisition of an edible oils producer in Europe that continues the build-out of our food portfolio. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $110 million. For the year, we expect capital expenditures including our $150 million for our sugar business to be approximately $850 million. Let’s turn to Slide 8 and the outlook. Given the strong start to the year and the recent developments in Agribusiness, we are confident that we will achieve our anticipated earnings growth through the year. Having said that, recent developments in Agribusiness have decreased our expectation for the second quarter, while strengthening our conviction of that for latter part of the year. Weather in South America has not been favorable for crops in Brazil and Argentina during the early part of the second quarter. This will likely result in lower crush activity in Argentina and lower origination and export volumes in both countries. While this will have a negative impact on second quarter results, it is strength in margins in North America and the Black Sea for the third and fourth quarters and oilseed processing, grain origination, distribution and port elevation. This trend should continue into early next year. Overall, the soybean processing environment is improving. The USDA is forecasting global consumption growth of 7% for both meal and oil and capacity is tightened due to the reduction in the Argentine crush volumes. In the grains business, South America will remain a key exporter. The volumes particularly corn in Brazil will likely be below initial expectations due to the weather issues. That reduction should benefit both our North American and Black Sea volumes and margins. On balance, this change in environment is good for our business and should result in increased profit through the cycle. However, the timing will be dependent on South America and North America farmers selling in the second half of the year. In foods, we expect 2016 results to be higher than 2015, driven by performance improvement initiatives and recent acquisitions. Our businesses should continue to grow volumes and increase margins on a local currency basis as we move through the year. This is already happening in Brazil and India. The North American business should continue to perform well with more of an orientation towards value added products. The food profits will be oriented towards the second half of the year. And sugar and bioenergy, our crops are growing well and considering our sugar price hedges and the Brazilian ethanol price outlook, we expect 2016 to be a year of earnings and cash flow growth. As in the past, results will be seasonably weak until the second half of the year. I will now turn it over to the operator, Vanessa to take your questions.
Operator: And thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: Hi, good morning. This is Neel Kumar calling in for Vincent. I was wondering if you can give us an update on the Brazilian Farmer Credit, are you lending more or less than you had thought and are conditions easing and how does the recent strength of the Brazilian real play into this?
Soren Schroder: I would say in general situation is not easing. Many banks have withdrawn from the farmer finance market and that is clearly one of the elements against expansion of acreage next year in Brazil. Bunge is involved in providing financing to farmers, we do it very carefully, very strong and very professional review process. We make sure that we have our risks spread over a large enough geographic area that we don’t have concentration risk of size. So we have stepped into some extent where some banks have pulled out, but with very known customers and we feel very comfortable with the risks that we are assuming. So, it is an issue. It is likely to let’s say, reduce the rate of expansion of soybeans in Brazil for a year or so until things normalize. We don’t think that will be for this coming crop, but hopefully the next one.
Drew Burke: I would just add that our farmer financing programs are generally secure, so they are secured either by the crop or by the land that the farmer owns. So it is not unsecured credit for the most part.
Neel Kumar: Great. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citigroup.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning. This is Cornell Burnette in with some questions for David. Congratulations on the quarter.
Soren Schroder: Thanks Cornell.
Drew Burke: Thank you.
Cornell Burnette: Just wanted to start off in Agribusiness and just see if you can give a little bit more color on how you were able to really navigate crush environment in North America in the first quarter and get generally good results in Agribusiness, I mean were there some hedges in place in North American crush or are you just seeing a much better crush margin environment down in South America relative to maybe what we are seeing in the U.S. board margins?
Soren Schroder: This is really I think an example of where the footprint we have got plays into our strength. Margins in general in the first quarter globally weren’t particularly good. But in Argentina and Brazil we ended up with margins that were better than we had anticipated when we spoke back in February. And that outweighed most of the negative that we did see coming out of the Northern Hemisphere be it Europe or the U.S. or China. So it’s really about this geographic balance that allowed us to navigate through I would say another quarter where others faced headwinds. So that was really the reason why, I would say in general about the first quarter, better soy crush expectations was one element, but other than that it was really pretty much all aspects of our agribusiness delivered a little bit better than we expected, just really good execution whether it was in logistics, ocean freight, distribution businesses, grain origination in Argentina had a bit of a boost. So it was and I would say our risk management strategies were effective across the board. So it was many small pieces that added up to really an excellent quarter relative to expectations.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. And then turning to the second quarter for a bit, the commentary is a little bit negative maybe down in South America, so it’s like related to the crop being smaller than what was originally anticipated. But going back to your comments on seeing strong crush margins down there and looking at the first quarter, crush utilization rates in Argentina seemed to be at record levels, at least absolute crushing numbers were better than anything we have seen in a while. And I was wondering with farmers, still probably eager to commercialize some of the inventories that they have had in soy, wouldn’t you expect to see kind of continued strength or year-over-year increases in crushing volumes out of Argentina and if we are seeing the rally in crush margins, why is it that seems like you are kind of guiding towards a number in Agribusiness at least with the South American assets in the second quarter that’s kind of behind what you did last year, but just fundamentally outside of maybe the crop being smaller, it seems like the conditions for your business in South America are much better this year than they were last year?
Soren Schroder: Yes. And some of that was reflected in the first quarter. For the second quarter, we still expect Argentina and Brazil to have good favorable crushing environment, but the Northern Hemisphere be it in U.S. or Europe, both in soy and in soft. I would say soft seed crush in particular is going to be a challenge. It’s remaining a challenge I would say and that’s really – those are the two big negatives. The other thing I would say is that the second quarter would typically be when we buy the larger chunk of the Brazilian safrinha corn crop. That is the one that has been hurt most through the drought or the existing drought in Brazil. We are just entering now peak pollination in many of the areas in Mato Grosso where the winter corn crop is grown and there is a significant likelihood that there will be a big reduction in that crop. So we don’t expect those volumes to flow through like they did last year. And in Argentina, you are right. The crush volumes in the first quarter were exceptional. But we have had nonstop rain now for a long period of time and it has really put the whole system in Argentina at a standstill. So our crush rates are definitely down in April. Who knows how it turns out in May and June. And the quality of the crop has been impacted. It’s too early to tell how big of an impact. You have got various estimates in the market between 3 million and 5 million tons of crop reduction, but on top of that you have quality issues. So all those things together is what makes us cautious about the second quarter. But at the same time, creates the opportunities what flows back to both the Black Sea as Drew mentioned and to the U.S. for both corn beans and also products that should lead to a very strong second half and is the reason for the margin expansion, the board crush expansion that I am sure you follow for in the U.S. and so the second half should be very good. And the second quarter I will say is a transition from what was a heavy, heavily over supplied global environment to one that is more tight and creates opportunities.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is Tom Simmon [ph] in for Ann. You mentioned in your release this morning a commercial decision to carry less inventory into the sugarcane crushing season, can you give us any more color on that decision and how we should be thinking about that segment in the second quarter?
Drew Burke: The normal seasonal pattern in the sugar business is the mills are generally shot from mid-December until sometime early April, late March, depending on the weather. So as you end each season, you make a decision on how much other product – produce you are going to sell and how much that you are going to carry into the next year to sell in the first quarter. Obviously, the minimum you are going to carry forward is what you need to satisfy your contracts and your customers. And how much more you are going to carry forward really just comes down to being an economic decision on when you are going to get the better returns. Is it better to sell those inventories in ‘15 into cash or are you going to have more value to them in carrying them to ‘16? The way last year played out and the way our business was structured, it made more sense to sell more in ‘15.
Unidentified Analyst: That’s helpful. Thank you. And I will say on a different note, given the recent supply disruptions in South America, can you share your expectations of planted acres in the U.S.?
Soren Schroder: Yes, I don’t know that they will be – they certainly won’t be negatively impacted. Prices have come up quite dramatically. So, if there was any encouragement needed to plant more than farmers certainly have it. But we expect that planted acres will be more or less as the U.S. intentions came out maybe with a small shift towards soybeans, but it’s a little bit too early to tell yet.
Operator: Thank you. And did you have anything further?
Unidentified Analyst: Sorry, thank you. I will leave it there.
Soren Schroder: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes, thanks. Good morning, everyone. Maybe take on to make sure I understand inside the second quarter weakness and taking it from a different approach. Last year, the Agribusiness segment did $134 million of profit and there was about $50 million of I think it was wheat hedging losses late in the quarter of corn – their hedging losses late in the quarter that negatively impacted those results. Would you actually think that Agribusiness will be down against either the hedge impacted or the non-hedge impacted results given the landscape in South America that you see today?
Soren Schroder: Yes, I think order of magnitude, we are looking at numbers that are closer to the as reported Agribusiness numbers, so including the $50 million negative impact. That’s how it looks now. It’s early in the quarter. A lot of things can still change, but that’s how it feels.
Adam Samuelson: That’s helpful. And then just on the cash flow side, I know you talked about Bunge stepping in and maybe providing a bit more aggressive financing to the Brazilian farmer. Can you give us any thoughts on the working capital investment as you are over the balance of the year and given the large investment in working capital that you saw in the fourth quarter and again in the first quarter and maybe some of the cadence of some of that release over the year?
Drew Burke: Ye, I think as you look at the first quarter, we didn’t really do that much extra in terms of farmer financing than we do in a normal course. I mean, there was some in there, but not a whole lot. What you are probably seeing there is the increase in receivables. That was driven by our distribution business, where we had a couple of vessels that weren’t delivered at the end of the year. So, we weren’t paid for them, which causes that’s a timing matter whether we have open vessels or not. We had a similar situation with the trade structured finance transaction, where we have open balances for very brief periods of time like a week or so and we had a bit of money open there. So, the receivable side really didn’t jump a whole lot on from what we would normally expect on an ongoing basis. And I don’t think the amount of financing we put out is going to change dramatically over the rest of the year. I think it will stay in line with where we were. When you talk about working capital overall, it really is a question of two things. It will be a question of whether commodity prices and whether the market is in an inverse or carry or flat. Commodity prices are what they are and it affects the balance. And as far as market structure, we will either carry or not carry inventories based on whether we are getting the return on that investment. So, I don’t want to speculate how that may play out over the rest of the year?
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then just this will be the last one and I think in the prepared remarks you alluded to risk management doing well in the quarter, any way to quantify that or if that was a particularly notable kind of benefit to the 1Q results?
Soren Schroder: No, Adam, we don’t split that out, but it was effective across our various product lines embedded in our management of the physical margins and flows that we operate. But I wouldn’t want to take it out, but it was a good quarter and we saw the market trends and the cash positioning and the margins the right way.
Adam Samuelson: Alright, that’s helpful. I will pass it along.
Soren Schroder: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone.
Soren Schroder: Hello.
Kenneth Zaslow: Just one quick question and then a couple of others. One is on the U.S. crush margin environment, is it now good in the second quarter or bad in the second quarter?
Soren Schroder: It’s transitioning from having been sort of mediocre to being average I would say, but it’s a process it takes a little while and it is board crush is one indicator. You have to put the physical pieces of it together as well, but we certainly hit the lows. We did that back probably just around our fourth quarter call and have improved from there. And I think the events in South America that I just spoke about gives us confidence that we will have a flow back of product demand to the U.S. in the second half of the year and that should set us up for a very nice sort of late Q3 and Q4 and maybe even into Q1 next year, Northern Hemisphere crush. So, Q2 is a transition.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. So, it’s not okay. I understand that. That clears up. The second question I had is what’s the prognosis of the farmers selling in U.S. and Brazil? Are the farmers selling or not farming, can they sell? What’s the – given that where soybean prices have, I thought there was more selling, but maybe it’s not as much as kind of anecdotal evidences?
Soren Schroder: In the U.S., I think we have seen a very nice round of selling over the last as the markets have rallied. So that’s the case. In Brazil, I would say it’s been more modest and it’s really been soybeans only and mostly old crop, where the farmers are already fairly well sold. I think there is probably 60% or 65% of the old crop has been priced so far, so nothing out of the ordinary. But what is very different is that the farmers who also typically sell nice amounts of their winter corn crop at this time of the year aren’t, because they are worried about the size of the crop and there is – there is no doubt going to be significant damage to that crop. So in total, it is less than we would have expected earlier on in the year.
Kenneth Zaslow: And just understanding Argentina, I understand the crop might come down 3 million to 5 million metric tons, there is a little bit quality issue, but my understanding is still – there is still plenty of crops there. So, will this eventually come to or is this the potential that Macri was going to lower all the taxes and devalue that benefit has come and gone and now we are on to the regular world and now dynamics are more normal?
Soren Schroder: So, I think we will have – I mean the crop will still be a sizable crop, whether it’s 53 million tons or 52 million or 54 million, nobody knows. But it will be still a sizable crop and we will have enough soybeans to crush at good rates and we believe with good margins well into Q3 and Q4. And I think that’s probably the difference between the last few years and now is that we will have a shift back to the Northern Hemisphere, because we have taken the edge off the crop in both Argentina and in Brazil, but there should still be enough raw material left and I think a willing farmer selling it that we will have good crush rates and good margins in South America at the same time.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. And my very last question is the last quarter you alluded to the idea that we are going to get modest growth in Agribusiness, does the modest become better or worse or where does that barometer go at this point? I just couldn’t fully understand, I just want to make sure I fully understand what – has the environment gotten better, worse or indifferent?
Soren Schroder: I think the environment has gotten better since we spoke in February. And our level of confidence in growing earnings is higher now than it was then. The comment about modest earnings growth was really relating to the entire portfolio, not just Agribusiness. So, you have to be careful with that. I think we feel good about overall earnings growth in Bunge for the year. Maybe sort of put it into pieces a little bit to help guide the discussion. Let’s start with some of the smaller pieces, for example, fertilizer. Fertilizer is going to have a good year for us this year. You know, Argentina in particular is in a different state. Farmers are back and will be applying fertilizer at normal rates. So, we expect that our fertilizer business should be up, at least $30 million so call it between $30 million and $40 million worth of income for the year. Sugar, as Drew has indicated, we look for the segment to be solidly profitable and in order of magnitude probably $70 million, maybe $80 million better than last year and that would give you a $40 million to $60 million range for the segment. We have got all the pieces that we can lock up – locked up. So sugar hedges are in place, etcetera. What remains is of course the harvest risk, but we should have a nice positive contribution from the sugar segment this year. And in foods, what we said previously is that we will have an improvement relative to last year, $30 million to $50 million, so call that food contribution of $220 million to $230 million. You add all that up, you get a range of $295 million to $320 million, so call it $300 million for all the things that are not Agribusiness. That’s an improvement over last year of about $125 million. We feel fairly confident about that. And then it is about Agribusiness, what will it be finally, we started out really well. You are signaling that the second quarter is going to be soft for the reasons mentioned, but that the second half should be good and we expect the year to be solidly good. Last year’s record of about $1.05 billion, I think it was – is the upper end of the range that we would expect based on what we know now and our current forecast is somewhat less than that, but still a good year. So I hope that gives you enough sort of color to come up with a range that still indicates that overall we will grow earnings for the year and feel very good about it.
Drew Burke: I think Ken, I obviously agree with all of that. The only portion I would add is we are early in the Agribusiness season. And it’s the reason we don’t give precise guidance. We have still got a North American crop to get through and the recent weather in South America shows you how it can change environments. And just to go back to my comments, but based upon the selling on the back half of the year will determine the profit realization somewhat. So that’s our range, but I wouldn’t hear it as a very narrow range at this point in the year. We need to get some more information before it narrows down.
Kenneth Zaslow: I appreciate it, I truly do. Thank you.
Soren Schroder: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Soren Schroder: Hi Farha.
Farha Aslam: Following on to Ken’s question, just try to understand your confidence in your back half with the crush margins, could it be that Argentina having crop issues is net better for Bunge, because that’s what it sounds like from your last answer that you are feeling net better about your business even though a significant portion of your assets are in Argentina?
Soren Schroder: Yes. I mean it depends, I would say. We still don’t know exactly what the impact of the Argentine crop production is. But the way I look at it is, even with a reduction in the crop, people still have a crop that’s big enough that we will be able to run our assets at high utilization rates and the markets should want the products both meal and oil and yet we will still see a shift to the Northern Hemisphere for supply, because we have taken the edge off both the Argentine and Brazilian crop. So if we end up in that sort of sweet middle point we could actually see a situation in which margins in South America remain fair. And we get a good, late Q3 and Q4 run at U.S. margins which essentially is the same as Southern Europe. So I think the scenario is early to tell. But I think the scenario could be favorable for us overall.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. And then just as a follow-up on the Brazilian real, it’s been moving around a bit, the recent strengthening, does that help your edible oils business and milling business?
Soren Schroder: It’s on the margin at this point because the profits we are translating are yet not significant. The real improvement in Brazil in our food business will come when the economy stabilizes and consumer confidence comes back. And the prospects are still for a reduction in economic activity in Brazil by 3% or 4% for this year. So we don’t think that’s coming any time soon. But it is certainly not a negative. In reality for the food business to get back to its sort of its normal state will probably take us well into 2017.
Farha Aslam: The current economic weakness is factored into your numbers that you just gave when you answered Ken’s question?
Soren Schroder: Yes.
Farha Aslam: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research Partners.
Sandy Klugman: Good morning. I apologize if this has been asked, I jumped on a little late, but I was hopping you could provide an update on how you are thinking about the prospects for the sugar business and any implications this has for the potential monetization of these assets?
Soren Schroder: There is nothing new to report, frankly. But the business or the sector as such I think this year will go through a good year. We have got record cane production in Brazil. We have got very strong global sugar demand and other parts of the word have had crop reductions such as India and Thailand. So the margin situation in Brazil in producing sugar is favorable and that will be reflected in our results and the results of the industry and ethanol demand continues to look strong. So I think this will be a year of stabilizing sort of the whole sector in Brazil. But Brazil as such is still considered to be a bit of a risky place. So I don’t expect any near-term action relative to the assets we have in reality is probably more like next year. But we are on a good path and we expect a solidly profitable year.
Sandy Klugman: Yes. That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Soren Schroder: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Rob Moskow: Hi, thanks. I was hoping to understand what soft means I guess for second quarter for Agribusiness, because last year was a very soft quarter also, maybe because of some pull forward, but is it as bad as last year or is it something a little better like hard to say?
Soren Schroder: Yes. I think Adam asked a similar question just a little while ago and sort of last year’s number is a good indication of what we currently look at it. But as I also said it’s early in the quarter, many things can change. But at this point it’s something in the order of magnitude of last year’s numbers.
Rob Moskow: Okay. Sorry, we have several calls at once.
Soren Schroder: Yes. I am sure.
Rob Moskow: And so I understand also when you say that there is opportunities for more dislocations to emerge, is that specifically a function of the crop in Argentina being a little weaker because of the weather and that means that North America might find I guess arbitrage opportunities for exports, I guess the reason I am asking is like it wasn’t that long ago, maybe a few weeks ago where your company and ADM and Cargill, I mean everyone was talking about this environment as being as bad as it’s ever been in terms of the lack of dislocations, do you feel like it has something really changed for everybody or is it really just Bunge because of your global footprint?
Soren Schroder: I think Bunge’s global footprint is advantageous in situations like this. So that is true, but I think the conditions are the same for everyone. I think it just tells you how quickly things change, that’s the one thing that I would say. When you think things are set in stone, they change and they typically do that in our business. Two things that are impacting our view that there could be dislocations coming up is on the soy side, reduction in the Argentine crop, but also the fact that we have taken the top off the Brazilian crop as well and the combined effects will likely mean a slightly reduced crush overall for South America, but a shift of soybean exports to the U.S. for the August through January period next year. So that’s one piece. And the second piece which probably has more impact in terms of the shifting supply and demand is the reduction in the Brazilian winter corn crop. And there are a lot of estimates out there on how bad it is and we probably won’t know yet for another few weeks because we are in the peak of the pollination. But it could be anywhere from 5 million to 10 million tons of reduction and that goes straight out of exports and will therefore have to be supplied by the U.S. and/or the Black Sea, Ukraine in particular. So those two things added up is enough to shift the balance in both soy and corn towards the Northern Hemisphere and has priced commodities, soybeans in particular in anticipation of not running out of them this year but 2017, that’s how far the market looks out. So it is an opportunity. How big it is, it is too early to tell. Really, it’s evolving, it’s emerging as we speak, but it’s a real possibility that you will see some interesting shifts.
Rob Moskow: Okay. And I guess my follow-up is, is your view here, I don’t know how to say this, but is it shared by most people who are watching this or is there – is it kind of a conflicted kind of view because I guess I have been to some industry conferences where people are still saying that there is way too much inventory out there and customers are not in a – do not have a sense of urgency to buy right now. You know…
Soren Schroder: And I don’t know. I don’t know what others think and I can – and as I mentioned to you the transition is happening as we speak. So, how much and how big is still something we won’t find out for a little while and that’s probably why you have still slightly differing views as to the impact of this. But what we are describing is the potential and that’s what it looks like now. Now, we are not saying it’s going to happen.
Rob Moskow: Sure.
Soren Schroder: It’s in the process of happening and making you all aware of that. So as it happens, if it happens, it’s something that we believe we can benefit from by having assets and footprint in all the corners of the world and therefore able to supply our customers under really a wide variety of circumstances.
Rob Moskow: That’s great.
Drew Burke: Rob, we are also seeing the underlying demand. I mean, it’s part of the picture that shouldn’t be lost. Demand is there.
Soren Schroder: Demand is very strong.
Rob Moskow: Understood. Thank you.
Soren Schroder: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Brett Wong with Piper Jaffray.
Brett Wong: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Soren, you had mentioned that you don’t really expect the food business to get better without obviously an economic improvement down in Brazil. Could you talk to that happening maybe and can you just discuss a little bit on what that’s predicated on?
Soren Schroder: It’s just predicted on whatever economic data we were all reading. This year, it’s a contraction of roughly 4% in the Brazilian economy and I think currently the projection for 2017 is about scratch. So, it’s just a returning to normal and hopefully by then there will be some clarity as to the political future, which it looks like should happen by the end of this year, one way or the other. So, it’s really returning to more stable conditions and having hit the bottom. And I don’t think that’s going to happen until 2017. In the meantime, we are doing everything we can of course to put ourselves in the best possible shape given the circumstance. So, a lot of the improvements that we expect for this year are really created by ourselves. It’s not that the market is giving us any particular break so the market share gains and the volume gains and the reduction of cost is something that we are all working very hard on and will pay us some benefits as the year progresses. So, a large part of the improvement in the food and ingredient P&L for this year versus last will come from us running Brazil leaner and better, but still in a very tough market.
Brett Wong: Okay. And I guess I mean when you are looking at kind of the economy improving down there, do you expect that to come on changes in the current political regime?
Soren Schroder: I don’t know how this will all end up. I don’t think anybody knows how the current political situation will be resolved in Brazil. I mean, we all know about the impeachment and so forth. How that plays out exactly? I don’t think anybody really knows, but it’s unlikely to lead to any sort of new policy clarity this year, maybe next. Brazil has a lot of domestic fiscal issues to deal with for sure and I would expect that whoever ends up sitting in the Presidential chair at the end of this will have to deal with it. The impacts of those are unlikely to be felt until 2017. But more than anything else probably it’s not getting consumer confidence in place that the situation has stabilized and the country is in good hands. We probably won’t see that for another 6 months, maybe more.
Brett Wong: Okay, thanks. And then you mentioned or you spoke about the recent real FX swings and how they have impacted or haven’t really impacted the food business. Can you just talk about how it’s impacting farmers selling down in Brazil?
Soren Schroder: Farmer selling is typically very sensitive to moves in the reais and so a stronger reais usually means that farmers shot off and a weak one means a boost in selling. And so lately, the reais has been mostly on the strong side. Some of that has been compensated by the move in underlying commodity prices and that’s kept selling sort of – soybean selling I will say at an average pace. As I mentioned, corn is a little bit different because the crop is hurt. So, farmers will continue to be very sensitive to swings in the reais and I will say a stronger reais or quickly strengthening reais is unlikely going to – is likely going to shutoff selling. At the same time, a quick move towards 4-to-1 is likely going to release a lot of selling and most likely more and more of the selling will transition to the 2017 crop, which is a big piece of let’s say our second half earnings equation. How much of that 2017 crop will be commercialized in 2016? And in that context, a weaker reais is going to encourage that and will be good for us.
Brett Wong: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Vanessa and thank you everyone for joining us today. I just want to point out that on December 15 we will be hosting our Investor Day, which will be in New York City. So, please mark your calendars accordingly and details will follow at the date nearest. Thank you again for joining us.
Operator: And thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Director of Investor Relations Soren Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew Burke - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Kenneth Zaslow - Bank of Montreal
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode and later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and welcome to everybody. In 2015, the Bunge team achieved important milestones. Record Agribusiness EBIT driven by strong results in Brazil and good risk management, approximately $125 million of savings from performance improvement initiatives in our segments. Positive EBIT and free cash flow in sugarcane milling which all contributed to a four quarter trailing ROIC of 10% in Agribusiness and Food and an EVA of $152 million for Bunge Limited as a whole. With a strong foundation and the right focus we expect to achieve modest earnings growth in 2016 and ROIC well in excess of WACC for our core Agribusiness and Foods operations. Some of the challenges we faced in 2015 will continue and we are focused on improvement. We had a record year in Bunge Brazil, but the economic contraction led to significantly reduce volumes and margins in our Food business. It will take time for the economy to normalize so we are restructuring and reducing cost. Our performance improvement programs in Food and Ingredients are generating real results and we are convinced that the segment overall will see improved run rates as 2016 progresses. With a larger share of global Ag trade flowing from South America where we have strong position. The U.S grain export industry is likely to remain under pressure and we are therefore taking steps to make our footprint more efficient and flexible. In China, we made important improvements in 2015, but in general gross margins remain weak despite strong demand growth. Their focus on improving efficiency, expanding our downstream activities and being very disciplined on how we manage capacity. There are also several positive market signals that play well to Bunge’s strength. Global demand for our core Agribusiness products continues to grow and South America Bunge’s largest region will lead the market with big crop, large export flows and good margins. Our Food business will continue to grow in North America, Europe and Asia benefiting from leaner operations, consumer driven innovation and tighter working relationships with key customers. In sugar we are entering the period of declining stocks and the Brazilian industry after several years of struggles is unlikely to respond with quick supply increases. So the outlook for sugar markets is constructive. We continue to improve our cost base in milling and the value of our footprint will eventually reflect these better fundamentals. Near-term it’s a mixed environment but Bunge have structural advantages and clear path forward to perform well in 2016 and realize our full earnings potential going forward. First, we have an outstanding team that has proven its ability to manage the variety of market environments. Second, we are focused on the right things, standing for safety, driving best-in-class operations, enhancing our wining footprint, and achieving the right balance of businesses. Third, our strong balance sheet will enable us to move quickly when opportunities arise and if the past is any precedent they will. Finally, while margins are currently under pressure in some regions global soy crush fundamentals are positive looking forward and this is our biggest business. Last year global soy demand grew by 7% and crops utilization rates will continue to improve. We have [placed] our capacity increase as well and we will benefit due to a well-balanced and highly efficient footprint as industry and fundamentals improve. Global trade in grains and oilseeds also continue to grow and as we returned to more normal conditions in Brazil foods and U.S. grains and we get the full benefit from our improvement programs across all segments. We see a clear line of sight to the $8.50 per share of earnings power in the coming years. We are guided by a clear strategy and a disciplined approach to capital allocation. Our CapEx is likely to grow into 2016 from the low levels of 2015. The accumulated CapEx for Agribusiness and food in the 2015 to 2017 period were lower than $2.1 billion, we have previously advised. We bought a $100 million of our shares in January and we expect that share buybacks will continue to be an ongoing part of our balanced approach. Bunge is a safer, better performing and better balanced company today than we were a year ago. We have a strong foundation and the right focus and I'm confident that we’ll continue to make great progress in 2016. And now I’d like to turn over to Drew for the financial highlights.
Andrew Burke: Let’s turn to Page 4, and the earnings highlights. Even with the challenging market conditions Soren discussed, our total adjusted segment EBIT for the year was a $1.229 billion and higher than the prior year's $1.206 billion. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was a new record at a $1.054 billion and is 18% higher than the prior year's $895 million as both oilseeds and grains achieved increased results. This performance was driven by the strength of our soy processing in South American franchises. Soybean processing volumes increased 8%, while grains volumes declined. Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT declined from $301 million in 2014 to $192 million in 2015 primarily reflecting difficult market conditions in Brazil and Eastern Europe. Sugar & Bioenergy had a loss of $22 million versus a loss of $35 million in the prior year. Importantly, our sugar milling business achieved positive EBIT and generated positive cash flow. Our 2015 adjusted earnings per share was $4.83 versus $4.10 in 2014. In the quarter, our total adjusted segment EBIT was $337 million versus $397 million in the prior year. We reported $43 million of certain gains and charges in the quarter primarily related to the impairment of an equity investment in a freight shipping company in Europe and goodwill impairment and restructuring charges in our Brazilian food business. Agribusiness adjusted segment EBIT for the quarter was $268 million versus $319 million in the prior year. Oilseed results were $185 million versus $197 million in the prior year. Soy processing results were higher in South America, Europe and China. U.S. results and margins declined from last year's record as anticipated competition from Argentina pressured margins. Softseed margins in Europe remained under pressure from a combination of farmer retention of crops and excess rapeseed processing capacity. Grains adjusted EBIT declined from $122 million in 2014 to $83 million in 2015 due to lower margins and volumes in the United States was by slow farmer selling and increased export competition. Our Ports & Services operations performed well benefiting from increased grain exports out of South America and the Black Sea. In Food & Ingredients adjusted EBIT declined from $83 million in 2014 to $46 million in 2015, while EBIT increased from the third quarter, the fourth quarter performance was lower than expected as the recovery in the Brazilian market was slower than anticipated. Both our wheat milling and oil business had volumes and margins below prior year. Our North American and European food profits were in line with prior year as our performance improvement and customer focus efforts will offset difficult market conditions and currency effects in Eastern Europe and a weaker peso in Mexico. Our Sugar segment had an adjusted EBIT of $10 million versus a loss of $21 million in the prior year quarter. For the full-year sugar milling was both EBIT and cash flow positive reflecting improvements in our agricultural and industrial operations and improved market conditions. Ethanol demand remained strong and sugar and ethanol pricing have improved. Our Brazilian renewable oils joint venture incurred losses in the quarter and full-year as that our sugar and trading and merchandising operations which face challenging market conditions and aggressive competition. Our diluted adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations for the quarter was $1.49 versus $1.12 in the prior year. Let's turn to Page 5, and our return on invested capital. One of our leading objectives over the last years has been to increase our return on invested capital to a level above our weighted average cost of capital. As the chart shows we have made significant and consistent improvement over the last three years, while we’ve had some tailwinds from lower agricultural prices and currency, we have benefited from a disciplined approach to capital allocation, strong working capital management and increasing results. For total Bunge, our return on invested capital for 2015 was 8.3%, 1.3 points above our cost of capital. For our core Agribusiness and Food business our 2015 return on invested capital was 10% and 3% overall ROIC. Let's turn to Page 6, and our cash flow highlights. Our liquidity position remains strong cash provided by operating activities was $610 million comprising $1.2 billion of funds from operations and an outflow of $593 million related to an increase in working capital. The increase working capital was primarily related to grain origination activities in South America. Additionally, we have $4.3 billion of financing available under our committed credit lines at December 31, 2015. Let's turn to Page 7, and our capital allocation process. Our first priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet with an investment-grade credit rating. We are pleased that we are now rated the equivalent of BBB stable by all the agencies. We have been discipline in allocating our capital to the activities that will maximize long-term value for our shareholders. In 2015, we returned $549 million to shareholders to dividends and share repurchases. We have purchased $600 of shares in 2014 and 2015 combined and have purchased an additional $100 million in the first part of 2016. Our M&A transactions totaled $392 million in 2015 primarily focus on foods to the acquisition of wheat milling business in Brazil and smaller transaction in the United States that increases our value-added capacity. Our CapEx was relatively modest $649 million as we both deferred and reduced spending. Let's turn to Page 8, and the outlook. The market environment is difficult, in some of our businesses we expect to achieve modest earnings growth and provide a return on investment well above our cost of capital for our core Agribusiness and Food operations. In Agribusiness markets are well supplied, but demand remain strong. The USDA is projecting growth in consumption of 7% for soybean meal and 5% for soy oil. Soybean crush margins will be down from the recent highs but still provide reasonable returns. South American results should be strong. Brazil will benefit from large crop, strong domestic meal demand and a competitive global cost structure following a decline in the value of the real. Given the new governments policies in the face of the valuation were Argentina should significantly increase volumes. Near-term U.S. margins and export volumes will be under pressure from South American competition, but the new harbor should bring improvement. While demand in China is strong, margins remain under pressure as excess crushing capacity exists. Softseed margins are likely to be mixed, Canadian canola margins should improve from 2015, but will remain below historical levels. Sunseed margins should improve with the new harvest while rapeseed margins remain pressure due to weak biodiesel demand and overcapacity. In grains, South America should perform well given the size of the crops, good farmer economics or advantage footprint and cost position. Our U.S. grains business should improvement with new crops later in the year, but will remain under pressure from South American competition. Moving to Page 9. We’re expecting foods to perform better in 2016, but not reach the levels achieved in 2014. Our oil business should perform better as market stabilized and our cost improvement efforts yield results. Our milling businesses will benefit from the integration and contributions of our new acquisitions and a continued commitment to cost reduction and operational efficiency. In fertilizer, improved farmer profitability in Argentina and the change in export taxes on grains should encourage farmers to increase their purchases of crop inputs. Our sugar business is expected to grow both earnings and free cash flow. This is the most favorable environment we have had in a long time. Sugar prices are hedged at attractive levels, ethanol demand and pricing is favorable. Following the decline in the real, Brazil was once again the lowest cost global sugar producer. And our cost will be lower as we see the benefits of our agricultural and industrial productivity program. As always sugar results will be stronger in the second half of the year following the crop cycle. While the markets will be tough in 2016, our underlying business model and continued commitment to operational excellence should allow us to continue to achieve earnings growth and above cost of capital returns. We expect the results to be more weighted to the second half of the year as harvest arrive food results achieve sequential improvement and sugar follows normal crop cycle. We will now turn it back to Vanessa to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And I see we have our first question from David Driscoll with Citi. Please go ahead.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning, guys. This is Cornell [indiscernible] for David.
Soren Schroder: Good morning, Cornell.
Andrew Burke: Hi, Cornell
Cornell Burnette: Okay. First I just want to start out with a quick question on the guidance in the prepared comments you mentioned modest earnings growth for 2016. So is that putting 2016 earnings kind of in the range of $5 to $5.25?
Soren Schroder: Cornell, we don't give guidance as you know. So you can interpret that as you like. We have a very - we have a strong business, we have fundamentals that are in some parts of the world very positive South America clearly has the potential to deliver another very strong year for us. U.S. is a big challenge for the next couple of quarters. Improvement in softseeds in Canada and Europe should be in the horizon second half of the year. Food business we believe will improve sequentially as we go through the year and sugar has some upside as Drew mentioned. So there is reason to believe that our earnings could grow or will grow from 2015 levels, but exactly how much at this point it is difficult to say it’s early in the year, but the potential is there for another good year for us.
Cornell Burnette: By saying modest you’re basically saying look we can have some growth but it's hard to see anything double-digits a greater. Is that a fair way to interpret it?
Soren Schroder: I wouldn’t say that double-digits is not impossible, it’s not impossible, it’s early in the year Cornell and we don’t want to get too far ahead of ourselves. But we have the potential, we have the footprint to have a very good year under the right circumstances and many of the elements are in place as I mentioned South America clearly being the one.
Cornell Burnette: Okay and then following up on that kind of going one-year out, I know you’ve in the past communicated a target of $8.50 for 2017. Is that target still in play or given kind of your comments of possibly modest growth this year and if you think that kind of 2017 objective maybe too high at this point.
Soren Schroder: The $8.50 as I mentioned in my opening remarks we believe is absolutely the potential of our current business platform and footprint. We can get there, the question is timing and I would say at this point as we indicated also in the third quarter call 2017 will be a little bit too aggressive. So it will be a bit beyond that but the potential for Agribusiness to get to the 1.4 billion and for foods to get to 400 million over a reasonable period of time here is absolutely there and I think I described some of the elements that will make that happen, we believe that our soy crush footprint in particular will continue to gain and value over time. The fact that our food business is in Brazil and particular will return to more normal conditions and then U.S. grain will as well plus we have as you know several improvement programs across all the segments that deliver real results every quarter. So we can get to the $8.50 a share but it will be extended beyond 2017 and exactly what date that will be it’s just too difficult to predict that at the moment. But we are committed to the number.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. Great and then one last question if I may, just kind of focusing on the oilseed process and markets I mean given that we’ve heard very little news of any new meaningful capacity being built globally, why do think the market got so lot of balance so quickly I would say between the third and the fourth quarter and soy crush and then kind of when you look at Argentina how much new soy crush you kind of estimate has become available out of Argentina?
Soren Schroder: I think in general it’s fair to say that the market has probably all reacted a bit on the downside in terms of global margins and as a result of the Argentine, let’s say freeing up of Argentina as you mentioned correctly global soy crush utilization rates continues to go up year-after-year last year was a big year for growth in soybean crushing globally both in the U.S. but everywhere in the world. And we can see how that continues over the next several years and that’s one of the reasons for our optimism in our earnings power and because there is very little new capacity coming on stream. So the fundamentals are good and medium-term, short-term, the freeing up of the – whatever 12 million to 15 million tons of soybeans that have been sort of [indiscernible] in Argentina for a while has led to a first quarter Argentine crush that I think will be an all-time record. And that sort of avalanche of export meal and oil is what has put this very sudden pressure on crushing margins particular in the U.S., which last year supplied most of the world trade in that period. I think as we get into the second and third quarter that will all normalize and certainly the second half of the year I think will be back to healthier soy margins in general. In South America they are pretty good in any event; it’s really in the U.S. that you felt the impact of this. So we are optimistic about long-term crush margins and utilization rates and we think the second half of the year maybe even starting in the second quarter will be better than what we are seeing now.
Cornell Burnette: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you guys.
Andrew Burke: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Soren Schroder: Good morning, Ann.
Ann Duignan: Can we focus on Argentina, again can you talk a little bit more about your outlook for Argentina's role in global exports not just of meal, but also sweetened corn and what net impact could that have on Brazil and on your operations in Brazil?
Andrew Burke: Okay. In terms of crush it’s clear that Argentina is back in style and first quarter crush will be extremely strong, second and third quarter crush will be up a little bit, but in reality Argentina ran at capacity close to it even in the last couple of years despite the difficult economic conditions. So I think the most of the impact in Argentina, we are feeling here early on and then beyond that is probably more about margin improvement relative to what we’ve been in the last couple of years. So we think that soy crush in Argentina for us will be very good this year. The impact in the system of that is probably going to be more negative to the U.S. and it is Brazil. Brazil still looks like it's going to be a very favorable crushing season, strong domestic demand and a lot of beans have already been bought and priced for crush. So I think Argentina and Brazil combined will be a very strong season in crush. And then the U.S. will pick up I believe again in the second half or the fourth quarter as demands switches back there. So it’s really a first half affect, but it’s mostly a positive one for us. In terms of grains, the Argentine corn crop this year is a little bit less than it was last year, but with no export quotas now it will flow freely and we believe that our share of those exports will grow so that’s a positive. And as we get into the second part of the year and the new crop wheat, we believe that there will be a significant expansion in wheat production in Argentina coming into the second – the fourth quarter really the north December period. And that will benefit both our operations in Argentina, but also our wheat milling business in Brazil, which will be back being a 100% supplied most likely by Argentine wheat flowing into Brazil. And as an extension of that argument our Newport and milling operation in Santos will be a direct beneficiary of that. So overall the Argentine freeing up so to speak, we believe is a positive for us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks, good morning everyone.
Soren Schroder: Good morning, Adam.
Adam Samuelson: So I wanted to come back to this idea of the 850 EPS target, which if I’m recalling correctly, we are still in completely X sugar item so comparable to the way you presented your returns X sugar in the last couple of years. You had basically flat [no pad] for three years and your invested capital has gone down about $3.5 billion largely on currency because net income after dividends and repurchases has been modestly positive I believe. And so you're talking about medium-term in expectation of $500 million or so of EBIT improvement in the Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients businesses. I presume you're not expecting significant incremental capital investments into those businesses of large quantities. The dollar would seem to be – expected to stay strong. And so under that math, your return on invested capital to get to an 850 EPS target would expand something on the order of 400 basis point – something on the order of 14%. Does that math makes sense and if so I mean why should we have confidence of that’s actually going to happen?
Soren Schroder: Well the math - just made sense to the extend that working capital stays where it is, but I think we are now at rather low commodity prices relative to what we’ve been in the last four years or five years with chances that prices will be higher over the period probably bigger than they will be lower, but your math is correct roughly the EBIT bridge from where we are now to where we, but we think we can get is between $400 million and $500 million for the EBIT. And a lot of it is really [rooted] and what I mentioned earlier the value of our soy crush franchise, we’ve got 37 million tons of soy capacity globally plus softseed, but let’s just take the soy for the moment. $400 and $500 improvement in margins over the next two years or three years is absolutely in the cards. We’ve got a Food business in Brazil, which has really struggled this past year, but has the potential to deliver probably the order of magnitude of $100 million more than it does today. And we’ve got improvement programs across all the segments, but that excludes sugar for the moment, but Ag and food that are delivering in excess of $100 million a year. U.S. grain this past year was I think an exception relative to history so you get back to more normal conditions and it’s not difficult to make that bridge $400 or $500 million worth of EBIT with everything else remaining more or less as it is. So we are convinced that that is in the cards. The question of timing and we gave this 2017 as an indication back in last year in 2014 that's turning out to be a little bit too aggressive or too early for a lot of reasons. Things have changed a lot in the meantime, but the portfolio and the business itself can deliver this earnings and we’re convinced that it will be the case over the next years.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And if I can just squeeze in one follow-up on sugar, I mean clearly you’ve talked about a better outlook for the sugar business in 2016, the industry data point support that. Anyway of banding kind of how big of an impact that could actually be I mean you said the milling business was EBIT positive in the year though you're still negative in the segment from trading in the JVs, but the band in the earnings and improvement expected from the milling in aggregate in 2016 would be helpful?
Soren Schroder: Yes. I would say between $30 million and $50 million is probably be the right spread of improvement relative to the milling business is going to end up this year, but we are still early in the season than we are growing the cane and it will all be about crushing it when we get into peak season, but the sugar pricing and the hedges we put on including the real are at very attractive levels, so its really about execution now. And the ethanol market in Brazil continues to be very favorable so the conditions really are there for 2016 to be a very good year for milling. Is all about execution, but we’ve improved on that as well. So we believe that there is some reasonable upside in the sugar segment for this coming year certainly compared to last.
Adam Samuelson: All right. Thank you very much.
Andrew Burke: Okay thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar: Hi, this is Neel Kumar calling in for Vincent. I was wondering if you can may just talk a little bit about how working capital is expected to trend in 2016. And also will there be a reversal in the secured advance to suppliers line item and why did receivables spike?
Andrew Burke: Let me try to get him one at a time. How working capital play out in the next year probably has quite a bit to do about our grain business and the structure of the market. The market moves more than we carry, we are likely to carry a little bit more grain and if margins come back into that business would build inventories a little bit. So it's not a number we project in advance, it’s a number where we react to the market and opportunities to do profitable business at that right returns and we let our volumes follow. Right now we would expect some increase, but not a large increase, but it is very dynamic number that moves along as we go through the cycle. The advances of farmers naturally reverse themselves at the appropriate timing in the latter half of the year. The Brazilian farmer came to market and sold forward quite a bit of the 2016 crop and we were buyer of that crop so that’s what you are seeing there in the inventories. And in receivables it's just a matter of timing, there's nothing in particular on our receivable number that I would call special or different or permanent.
Neel Kumar: Great thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from Farha Aslam with Stephens.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Soren Schroder: Hi, Farha.
Andrew Burke: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: I have a question on your milling business your wheat milling usually that business is pretty stable is being impacted near-term by the Brazilian wheat situation how long should we expect that impact to last? And what can we look for the business to deliver in 2016?
Andrew Burke: The variance in results in 2015 really was mostly in Brazil and it was related to the dramatic slowdown in consumer off take particularly in the Foodservice segment in Brazil. So why we were able to hold margins constant in local currency, the loss of volume and the resulting dollar margins what created the negative variance in milling. We are working very hard to integrate our new assets so the Pacifico acquisition that we made back in November will allow us to rationalize our footprint in the São Paulo region that's a major move towards gaining better efficiency with the freeing up of Argentine wheat now that will flow into Brazil that’s another benefit and then mid-year we will have our new mill in Rio come into place and will take the old one down, which will bring another level of efficiency. So Brazil will definitely increase results in milling next year compared to 2015 and I would suspect the impact overall to December around 30 million to 40 million across the milling platform in general relative to this past year. But it will be - it won't be all in the first quarter it will come sequentially I’d say skewed more towards the second quarter and third quarter.
Soren Schroder: Yes, we also have the rebuild of our mill in Rio with the shift, so that will get much more efficient and much more productive and the debt benefit will really show up in 2017 not so much in 2016.
Farha Aslam: Okay and then we’ve gone through sugar and milling so far in terms of outlook 2016 versus 2015. Can I ask for a little bit more color on edible oil you said that you expect to be better than 2015 but not quite up to 2016 levels any thoughts on the cadence of the recovery et cetera and how we can think about that?
Soren Schroder: The majority of the improvement will also come from Brazil that’s what we had the biggest variance this past year in both margarines and in bottled oil. And it’s likely to be skewed towards the second half of the year we are not really assuming that Brazil as a country will improve much throughout 2016 so it’s really our own efforts to improve operations, reduce costs, more efficient go to market strategies and so forth that will get us there. So figure that the improvement will be more towards the third and fourth quarter then the beginning of the year. We are still in the middle of a significant restructuring of that business in Brazil making it fit for a longer period or a more prolonged period of economic challenges. So I think you should it put as an improvement that comes in the third and the fourth quarter.
Farha Aslam: Brilliant and just on fertilizer, our volumes are falling normally in Argentina given that we now have that evaluation?
Soren Schroder: Yes, I think fertilizer in Argentina really represents it’s a small business relative to rest of Bunge but it’s a nice upside for us this year as the Argentine farm economy normalizes. Over the last couple of years fertilizer application in Argentina has really fallen off a cliff and that’s been as low as it’s ever been. So we believe there is big growth in fertilizer application as we go through the year and especially as we get into the fourth quarter – third and fourth quarter as farmers buy fertilizer for their wheat and their corn crops. So fertilizer could be a nice modest but nonetheless a nice upside for our business in Argentina as you know it is very closely linked with our Agribusiness operations origination and fertilizer are closely linked. So it'll be a very nice add-on to what is promising to be a good year in Argentina in any event.
Farha Aslam: Great. And last final question is on sugar. Any strategic move on sugar that we should anticipate this year kind of how are you thinking about sugar longer-term in your portfolio?
Soren Schroder: Our view hasn’t changed. It’s still focused on reducing exposure to the milling piece of the segment, but doing it in a very disciplined way and as we’ve been able to prove our ability to run those assets well over the last couple of years with all the improvements that we’ve made in reducing costs and improving efficiencies and now entering what looks to be the beginning of a very positive cycle in sugar globally. We think this year will be the year were the value of assets will become better reflected and so we’ll take our time and be discipline, continue to do what you do even better. And over the next year or so I'm sure that there will be an appreciation for the asset base we’ve got in Brazil and then we’ll take a look. So our long-term ambition of reducing exposures and tax, but the timing at the moment frankly feels like is on our side to get a better value out of it.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth Zaslow: Hey, good morning everyone.
Soren Schroder: Good morning Ken.
Andrew Burke: Hi Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow: And Soren in your opening comments, you said that, you think Bunge has structural advantages and your team possess or positioned or shown that that you've been able to go through different environment. It seems like in the last couple of years results I’m not sure if I would say that has proven out as much as what you're saying. So my first question is how do you get to the point that you do, that you have illustrated these structural advantages and that your team is positioned to go through a lot of environments. And then a follow-up to that is do you think you are actually optimizing your asset base?
Soren Schroder: Okay. Well we just posted a record result in Agribusiness. The result is best ever and with returns that are well above anything we've ever achieved. So we achieved those results in a disciplined way and they were really all about optimizing the asset base. We made the absolute most of our crushing assets and our grain origination assets in Brazil last year, we got a nice piece of the Argentine improvement towards the end of the year. And in the U.S., our soy crush operations had a record year as well. The part of the equation that we really couldn't control was the decline in U.S. grains exports in the fourth quarter. I think that’s an industry-wide phenomenon. And the fact that softseed crush in Canada and Europe was a real headwind for us in Agribusiness. So we overcame all that and still delivered a record result. I think that proves that we’ve got a team and an approach in place that that can handle adversity. And in Food & Ingredients, it was a disappointing year in many ways, but I think the problems we faced in Brazil with the economy, which was really the majority of the variance masks a lot of improvements that are being made elsewhere in Mexico, in the U.S., and in Europe. And I'm convinced that as we normalized a bit all those things will come to bear. So I actually believe that we are able to – we have demonstrated that we can navigate through difficult environments. And that we’ve got a process and a team that’s capable of continuing to do so.
Kenneth Zaslow: Okay. So my question is there seems to be a disconnect between the market and how you feel? So is there other options for bigger opportunities in terms of the asset changes or anything like that to better optimize your value to the market?
Soren Schroder: I’m not sure exactly what you mean. Can you go a little deeper on that?
Kenneth Zaslow: Yes. I mean besides the sales of sugar asset, the market obviously may not agree a 100% with what you're saying versus how you are optimizing your assets right, because your trading close the book value, so there is a disconnect. So my question is, is there a process to which that you kind of review to see if there is a way to maximize the shareholder value relative to how you think about. And is there an option for you to do something more than just selling the sugar asset, is there something like breakup the divisions, sell divisions; do something to kind of create the value that you see that the market may not fully appreciate.
Andrew Burke: I think it is sugar, let’s keep that separate from the discussion because that’s not really I think what you are addressing. Our Agribusiness and food integrated business I believe is delivering good results. We had a positive EBA that was significant this past year, a big jump from any of the previous years. And when you look at the value of our crushing footprint globally as I mentioned in my introductory remarks, it is the conviction that those assets and managed as a global whole can continue to drive earnings growth and continue to improve returns that gives us confidence towards the 850 a share, that's a big, big piece it. That is a global footprint, you can't break it up, you wouldn't want to break it up and the vast majority of it is performing well above cost of capital. There are always pieces that that you can improve China as I mentioned is one area that we will have to continue to focus on getting improvements on, but the rest of our crushing footprint South America, U.S., Southern Europe soy is super strong and delivering results. So our Food businesses are in many parts of the world linked to our Agribusiness both through the soy crush and refining chain and also through the grain origination chain and we cannot be looked at in isolation either and also there we feel we have significant upside earnings potential. So I think it's a matter of giving us a little bit more time to prove this out. At the moment, we’ve entered a period in the cycle that is not particularly easy, but despite that you still feel we can grow earnings and looking beyond the next year or so we can grow earnings by quite a bit. So I don't know why we would consider any of the things you're suggesting. We feel very confident about what we’ve got and our ability to grow earnings and continue with very strong returns, and I think we proven it.
Soren Schroder: Ken, I would just add that we're always reviewing our portfolio I mean if you take a look at Canada last year, where we took our assets and combined them into partnership with the former Canadian Wheat Board, and our farmers, and SALIC or our partners that was – to the extend where we’ve had an asset that we think we could maximize in its current state and we went ahead and do the transaction that restructured it in a way that we think we will provide a lot more value over the long-term. I think the transaction in Brazil where we went ahead and acquired Pacifico was a way to strengthen our wheat milling platform and make that stronger for the long-term. So we are very open and continuously going through our asst base and what we have and what needs to be strengthened and frankly it doesn't fit. So it is a continuous process that we've been doing if you look over the last couple years.
Kenneth Zaslow: My last question is in 2015 you called modest growth, there is obviously debate if it’s 7% or 15% or whatever, but the reality is 2015 number to $8.50 is over 67% increase. So there have to be year in which that you have a hockey stick type of growth. So the question is what – is there an environment we have to wish for that is there asset change, is there an execution and there are people change, what is that gets you away from the modest growth and say look we are reestablishing our earnings platform? Okay, I’ll leave it there.
Soren Schroder: Yes. For 2017 I think we said is not likely to be the year, it could happen, but it is not likely, it’s a bit further out than that. I think it is the conviction that as the market grows into the existing over capacity in global crush and last year was a 7% reduction in over capacity just by demand growth alone and that continues over the next three years or four years. There is a point within the not-too-distant future were soy crush margins more or less on a global scale will have to be at such levels that the industry will have to reinvest. And that comes at higher margins and what we have had on average for the last couple of years. And so I think it's a gradual process maybe it can be exaggerated one-year with specific circumstances or dislocation, but I think it is a three-year process for our asset base, the biggest part of Bunge will continuously appreciate in value as margins do. So that's one big chunk of the earnings growth and it’s likely to come not in one big chunk at one-time, but more spread out over the next three years. And in food and ingredients it is really getting on the other side of the Brazilian challenge and we are working very hard on that. We believe we can get that solved within 2016 and that we can get back on growth and earnings and food starting in the latter half of 2016 and then into 2017. So I believe it is more of a gradual improvement, but is going to be a big one when you look at it from where we ended 2015 to say some number $8.50 X-years into the future, but not-too-distant. A lot of good things have to happen, but we believe that they are eluded in fundamentals and will happen.
Kenneth Zaslow: You have to be above modest growth of employee. So I appreciate it. End of Q&A
Operator: And thank you. It seems we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you Vanessa, and thank everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Director - Investor Relations Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc. David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Haden - Director - Investor Relations: Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everybody. During the third quarter, Bunge delivered a solid EBIT and returns in a challenging market. While some headwinds could persist, we anticipate that our 2015 performance will be stronger than 2014 with growth in earnings, core returns well above WACC and progress across all aspects of our strategy. The Ag and Food market environment continues to be a mixed bag. On the positive side, global demand for Bunge's core products is growing solidly, soy crush margins are strong, and local farmer selling and a strong export pool have extended the Brazilian Agribusiness season, which plays in to one of our core strengths. At the same time, farmer retention in the Northern Hemisphere and spot buying by customers, have pressured margins in some places. This is clear in the softseed complex in Canada and in Europe where margins are down 40% to 50% from 2014. Conditions are unlikely to change in the short-term given the reduced rate in canola crops, so we're adjusting crush rates accordingly. And in the U.S. a speedy harvest, farmer retention and a significantly smaller export book have pressured grain origination and export margins. In addition, the operating environment for Food & Ingredients in Brazil continues to be extremely weak. Reduced consumer demand, inventory reduction across the value chain and the domestic oil surplus have pushed edible oil gross margins down 35% to 40% and volumes about 10% when compared to last year. In the face of all these challenges, our teams delivered higher EBIT than in 2014 and combined returns in Ag and Food of 10.3%, three points above our WACC. We managed risk effectively recovering from the second quarter price spike. We capitalized on good opportunities including the significant pickup in farmer pricing for both old and new crop grain in Brazil, and generated important savings in our efficiency and productivity efforts. In Agribusiness, we're making very good progress on operational improvements in both crush and logistics with about $35 million realized so far this year. Combined with continued focus on working capital, flow and risk management, especially in regions where margins are weak, our Agribusiness EBIT should exceed $1 billion this year along with strong returns. And despite a somewhat weaker margin structure, we expect to grow EBIT again in 2016. In Foods, milling is performing best with solid returns and results in Mexico and stable earnings in the U.S. In Brazil, we are holding margins steady to higher in local currency and we are managing cost tightly. However, we've not been able to overcome the 8% drop in volume driven by the weak environment. As I mentioned before, our oils business especially in Brazil is under significant pressure in both margins and volumes because of the economic slowdown and we're accelerating efforts to reduce cost and improve our footprint. Operational improvements are a key part of our Food & Ingredients strategy and even more important in the face of headwinds as we're experiencing now. So far this year, we have generated approximately $40 million in benefits and now expect an annual run rate of about $50 million, up from earlier estimates of $40 million. Foods should finish the year with EBIT between $200 million and $225 million, which is clearly below our targeted run rate. In 2016, we expect an increase of $50 million from our improvement program in addition to the gains as Brazil stabilizes and returns to growth. We're committed to our strategy of increasing the share of added value in Bunge. With the wheat milling acquisition of Pacifico in Brazil, Bunge will improve its leading national milling footprint and B2B offerings. In the U.S. where our integrated oils business is performing well, we added Whole Harvest Foods which produces specialty oils for the foodservice and retail segments. This fits well in the healthier choices and natural origins elements of our Food & Ingredients strategy and expands our ability to address the emerging consumer requirements for health and functionality. In Sugar & Bioenergy, the quarter was lower than expected, but we continue to improve our milling business, and the recent increase in ethanol prices in Brazil will benefit us in Q4. There is always weather risk, but we should end up the year EBIT and cash flow positive. With the recovery in sugar prices and the competitiveness of ethanol next spring, the margin outlook is favorable. Looking ahead, we will stay disciplined on cost, capital allocation, and focused on execution. We have a strong balance sheet, a clear strategy, a winning footprint, and a great team which will deliver solid earnings this year along with excellent returns and a path for solid growth into 2016. With that, I will turn it over to Drew for more details on the financials.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Soren, and good morning. Let's turn to slide four in the earnings highlights. Total third quarter segment EBIT was $414 million versus the prior-year quarter of $316 million. This year's quarter includes a $47 million gain on the sale of certain Canadian grain assets to G3 Global Grain Group. Excluding this gain on sale, adjusted EBIT was $367 million versus the prior year of $316 million, driven by our performance in Agribusiness. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted EBIT is up 10% to $892 million. For the quarter, Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $322 million versus $186 million in the prior year due to higher results in both Oilseeds and Grains. Oilseeds EBIT was $106 million versus $68 million in the prior year. Soy crushing results were strong with increases in the United States, Argentina, and Europe and continued good performance in Brazil. Processing margins were supported by strong global demand for soybean meal. Asian processing margins and results remain depressed. Oilseeds margins and profits were down due to farmer retention in both Canada and Europe. Grains third quarter EBIT was $216 million versus $118 million in the prior year driven by strong farmer selling in Brazil. Other regions' origination businesses performed at a similar level to last year, but were not significant contributors to results due to low levels of farmer selling. Results in our trading and distribution business which included the recovery of the approximately $50 million of losses on open positions at the end of the second quarter were good and they performed at a level similar to last year. Our global team managed risk well during the quarter as crop prices declined reflecting good harvest and inventories built in most regions. On a year-to-date basis, Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $786 million versus $576 million last year as both Oilseeds and Grains performed well above prior year. Our Foods business quarterly EBIT was $45 million versus $74 million in the prior year with most of the decline occurring in our operations in Brazil as a result of the difficult macroeconomic environment and significant currency devaluation. Edible Oil's quarterly EBIT declined from $37 million to $13 million. Performance improved in our North American business due to higher margins in both refining and packaging. Our performance improvement initiatives continued to produce savings. In Brazil, margins and volumes were pressured due to the rapid contraction of consumer demand and the significant devaluation of the real. While volumes are rebuilding from lower levels, margins will take time to recover. Results in our European operation were also down in the quarter largely due to the weak economic environment in certain countries which more than offset the savings from our performance improvement initiatives. Current quarter milling EBIT was $32 million versus $37 million in the prior year. Our Mexican wheat milling business performed well as higher margins and volumes more than offset the impact of currency devaluations. Our Brazilian wheat milling business was impacted by lower volumes and margins due to the rapid contraction of customer demand, particularly from the foodservice channel and a significant devaluation of the real. In local currency, our team managed to hold margins similar to last year's levels. U.S. corn milling results were down on lower margins; however, volumes increased in the quarter. Sugar & Bioenergy recorded EBIT of $3 million versus $44 million in the prior year. There was a swing of $19 million in mark-to-market effects as we recorded a gain of $12 million last year versus a loss of $7 million this year on sugar industrial hedges. The $7 million should reverse into income in the fourth quarter. Milling results were lower year-over-year as higher volumes were offset by lower pricing and decreased sugar content in the cane. While production volumes increased, they were below expectations due to more rain days than normal which reduces milling time. Trading and merchandising results were below a strong prior year period as margins declined. Our adjusted earnings per share was $1.24 in the third quarter of 2015 versus $1.31 in the prior year. Our EPS was negatively impacted by a higher tax rate as our earnings mix has shifted towards our Brazilian Agribusiness operation, which has a high marginal tax rate and away from Asia where we have lower statutory rates. We have also taken a $15 million valuation allowance against certain tax assets we have in Asia as our ability to use those assets is uncertain. For the nine-month period, our adjusted earnings per share have increased from $3 to $3.36 a share. Let's turn to slide five and our return on invested capital. This remains a key area of focus for us. Our trailing four-quarter return adjusted for certain gains and charges for Bunge overall is 8.3%, which is 1.3% over our cost of capital. For our core Agribusiness and Foods businesses, our return was 10.3%, well over our cost of capital and the 8.4% at December 31, 2014. The increase reflects both an increase in earnings and a reduction in asset levels. Moving on to slide six, and our cash flow highlights, cash provided by operating's activities was $633 million year-to-date in 2015. Funds from operations were $745 million. Changes in working capital was an outflow of $102 million due to increases in our advances to farmers and inventories, reflecting an increase in our origination activities. We continued to maintain strong liquidity with $4.3 billion available under committed credit lines. Turning to slide seven and the capital allocation process, maintaining a BBB credit rating remains our primary focus, and we always ensure we maintain the appropriate financial and balance sheet strength. After that, we allocate funds between capital expenditures, mergers, and acquisitions and returning funds to shareholders based on the alternative that provides the highest long-term value to our investors. To-date, we have spent $365 million on capital expenditures and are projecting an annual spend of approximately $750 million. This is below our original forecast of $875 million and is partly due to the deferral of spend to future years. Key projects underway include the wheat mill in Rio de Janeiro, a port and crushing project in the Ukraine, and a maintenance rebuild of our port in New Orleans. We have spent $97 million on acquisitions this year. One of our priorities is to continue to expand our capabilities in value-added food businesses. To that end, we acquired Heartland Harvest, a U.S. producer of extruded die cut food pellets earlier this year. And in the fourth quarter, we had closed on the acquisition of Whole Harvest Foods, a leading refiner and packager of expeller pressed commercial cooking oil. In the fourth quarter, we expect to close on the acquisition of Pacifico, a major wheat mill in Santos, Brazil. In the third quarter, we also made a major step-forward in our Canadian grains business as G3 Global Grain Group, our joint venture with Saudi Agricultural and Livestock Investment Company, known as SALIC, acquired the former Canadian Wheat Board business and combined it with Bunge's Canadian grain business to establish a formidable Canadian grains franchise. We have returned $478 million to shareholders this year through dividends and shared buybacks. In the third quarter, we purchased $100 million of shares bringing our year-to-date total to $300 million. Let's turn to slide eight in the outlook. We expect 2015 return on invested capital of approximately 10%, which is three percentage points over our cost of capital. We continue to expect the Agribusiness to achieve a full year EBIT of over $1 billion. Demand for soybean meal and oil is strong with the USDA projecting 6% growth in global meals consumption and 5% in oil. Gross margins have come down a bit from the recent highs in the United States and Brazil that are still good. In the United States, strong domestic meal demand, increased biodiesel production and increased exports with the arrival of the harvest are the key drivers. Brazil is benefiting both from increased domestic demand from the poultry and the hog sectors as well as strong export demand. Argentina's performance is dependent on farmer selling, which we do not anticipate to be strong in the fourth quarter. China margins remained depressed despite good demand growth. Sunseed margins are improving with the arrival of new crop and increased farmer selling. Rape and canola margins remain challenged due to smaller crops and soft demand. Arrival of new crops will bring increased utilization in our United States and Black Sea grain facilities. United States grain margins have been lower than usual and are likely to remain so throughout the quarter. However, our Brazilian grain assets are benefiting from higher utilization and export demand due to the large safrinha corn crop and its low cost position. Turning to slide nine. In Foods, as Soren indicated, we expect full year EBIT to be in the range of $200 million to $225 million. We continue to place strong emphasis on operational efficiency and supply chain optimization to offset the impact of difficult macroeconomic and market conditions in Brazil and certain Eastern European markets. European margins should see some recovery with the arrival of new crop. Our North American businesses should continue to perform well. In Sugar, we continue to expect to finish 2015 EBIT and cash flow positive, assuming weather cooperates so we can crush our targeted volumes. Brazil is, once again, the world's low cost sugar producer and there is strong domestic demand and an improving price outlook for ethanol. Our tax rate, excluding notables is projected at 28% to 30% given our anticipated earning mix in 2015. Going forward, we would expect this rate to decline. I will now turn it back to the operator to take your questions. Vanessa?
Operator: Thank you. And we have our first question from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. So, I guess my first question is on the Agribusiness guidance and the outlook. The profit of an excess of $1 billion implies you're going to be above $214 million of profit in the fourth quarter, which seasonally is a bigger quarter given Northern Hemisphere harvests. Last year, you were $319 million, but that included an $80 million mark-to-market hedge, and a $30 million loss on your Chinese soy crush inventory. I'm wondering if you could think about some of the pieces in the outlook that you talked about Soren, why would the guidance be just better than down 50% on the base business for 4Q and maybe think about what's really better and worse year-over-year.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Okay, thank you for that question. It's a good one in the context of what is clearly a bit of a more mixed environment than what we had at the same time last year. The way we are framing is we bracket the downside, so when you talk about the gap between the $1 billion and where we are now, that is a conservative number, and we did frame it by saying that the outlook for the year will be at least $1 billion. So, in reality, we expect something better than that. How much better is a little hard to tell at the moment when you look at the sort of mosaic of what makes Agribusiness. We clearly have the outlook for another good quarter in soy crushing both in North America, I'll say also in Brazil, Southern Europe; although it is probably not as excellent as it was last year, it is still very favorable. Softseeds on the other hand is a headwind both in Canada and particularly in Western Europe in rapeseed. So, that's an offset. And I'd say you have to compare Brazilian grain origination and exports which will be strong throughout the fourth quarter against what is clearly a weaker environment in North America. So, on balance, I would say that we will end up better than the downside bracket that we've indicated, but how much? I really – we don't want to get too far ahead of myself on that. But it is likely to be something better than that $214 million difference. But probably a bit shy of the Q4 last year if you include the $80 million mark-to-market that you just added back in. So, somewhere in between that.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then you also said that you think Agribusiness EBIT would grow in 2016 despite a weaker margin structure. And I'm hoping you could elaborate on that thought a little bit, both in terms of the areas where the margin structure you think is going to be worse as well as what gives you confidence on the growth side?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I mean, we'll walk into 2016 I think with a continued pressure on North America grain handling margins. I don't think that will change much. But Brazil should be very good starting early in the year and then carrying on through the summer. And Argentina, of course, is a little bit of the wild card. But it does represent upside. I don't think you – you look back over the last couple of years in Argentina, in many ways, it really has been insulated from participating in the global flows in a big way. And I think almost irrespective of who wins the election at the end of November, Argentina should open back up in a favorable way for us. So, I'll say Brazil, Argentina, U.S. soy crush are the positives, North America grain handling and softseed crush in Europe and Canada for the first couple of quarters will still be the offsets, but on balance I think with discipline on how we manage risk, cost, a lot of our improvement efforts around logistics and just how we manage flows, really carry through to the bottom line as well, increased volumes, I think we can be pretty confident that we can grow earnings into 2016 even though the margin environment is a bit of a mix.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs & Co.: All right. Great, that's very helpful. I'll pass it along. Thanks.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks, Adam.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning, Ann.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Ann.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Normally, you reiterate your target for 2017, $8.50. I don't think I heard it but I might have missed it. Are you backing away from that or is that still the target?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: I'd say, we should break it into the components a bit and say that in Agribusiness, we see the path to roughly $1.4 billion that is implied in that $8.50, which we put forward in December last year. It will be incremental improvement every year. Our performance improvement programs will play a big part on this. And in many ways, the footprint we have should get us there. So, Agribusiness we feel comfortable with the path to the $1.4 billion, where I'd say we probably have a little bit more pause and caution is around how quickly we can ramp up the Food & Ingredients income to the $475 million, which was implied in the $8.50. Given the setback in Brazil, in particular this year but also in the Ukraine and in Russia, Eastern Europe in general, it is probably going to be a little bit short of that $475 million target. I don't want to give a specific number. But let's put it this way. The $8.50 is intact, but it might take us another year to get there than what we had put forward last year. But the Agribusiness component, we feel good about, and as I mentioned, Food, in the current context, we probably need another year to get there.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And that's difficult for us to project because once Brazil and those Eastern European countries' economies stabilize, they get some growth back into those markets, we would expect the Food margins to return to their historical levels in those markets. And if they do come back to the historical levels, we could meet the $8.50 for 2017. I think we're just expressing some caution that we're not so sure how rapid that recovery will be and it may hold it off for a longer period. But if you look at the base businesses and what we're accomplishing in running those businesses, it feels like we're on track.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. That's good color. And then, just secondly, as we look globally, the world has adequate burdensome supplies of most commodities. This should be the ideal environment for Bunge to be operating in. What's been the biggest surprise to date in this environment?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It is volume-wise a favorable environment that is correct, and demand is growing at a rate that is at least as big, if not bigger than we had expected. But I will say that the biggest overall surprise is probably the amount of farmer retentions we have globally. It's not just North America. It is pretty predominant throughout most of the world. Farmers don't like lower prices. They're putting the grain away or the seeds away, and that has had probably more of an impact in compressing margins than we would have expected despite the big crops. So if you're looking for one surprise, that's probably it. That being said, grain handling volumes are going to be up. Crush volumes, particularly in soy, are very favorable. So there are many aspects of the business that are doing very well as you can tell from our results and our outlook despite this circumstance.
Ann P. Duignan - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. I'll leave it there. Thanks. I'll get back in line.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Morning.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Could we talk about your crush margins and profitability in China? How does that look going out into the fourth quarter and into next year?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. China is I'd say much improved this year compared to last year for sure. But I'd say it's still on the road to recovery. Margins, they've been on the positive side most of the year, probably something close to forecast, but in reality most of the time covering variable plus a little bit more. As we get into the fourth quarter here, we're talking margins that are somewhere between variable and fully loaded cost. So better, but still not where they should be. But we have seen a return of, say, more discipline. You can see it reflected also in the way that the Chinese market in general is buying soybeans. This time last year we had a phenomenal amount of soybeans pre-bought for future shipments. This year a lot of the demand, which is still very strong, is taking place on a stock basis. So, the market, in general is a little bit more cautious and disciplined. I would think that as we get into 2016 and 2017, more normal conditions will return into China in terms of crush. In other words, conditions we saw prior to last year, which means that China should enjoy margins that are forecast plus. And that will obviously help the industry and Bunge in particular, and also help us with earnings mix, because clearly China has been – or Asia in general, has been one of the regions where we underperformed this past year relative to our expectations, but it feels like it is on the right path.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: And my one follow-up on that one is there's a lot of M&A that's happening in the food space, particularly in potentially Agribusiness. Are you still kind of thinking sub-$500 million?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Farha, yes, our main focus has been to look at the bolt-on acquisitions available in our space, particularly as we look to grow out our value-added foods businesses and add capabilities in that area. And that's where you've seen us go and then where we've had opportunistic chances, or not opportunistic, but chances to strengthen our Agribusiness origination footprint. We obviously look at transactions of that nature, which for the most part are in the bolt-on category, too, such as the Canadian Wheat Board. So our focus here has really been to build up those two strengths. We continue to look primarily at those type of transactions. And I know there's a lot in the press about our industry and possible transactions. But we don't comment on any speculation around what might happen in the industry as far as transactions goes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Sure. I was just trying to understand, historically you've just said that for now you're just going to stick on to tuck-on acquisitions.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: Is that going to be contained in your pocket?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. And I'll say that is so far still the case as evidenced by what we've done so far, the two acquisitions we mentioned, Pacifico and Whole Harvest Foods, plus what we did with Canadian Wheat Board. The bottom line is that we have an Agribusiness and also in Food a five-year strategy that fills in the gaps, let's say, the winning footprint without having to do big things. The Canadian Wheat Board acquisition with SALIC is clearly a beginning to a bigger play in Canada that we will build upon over the next couple of years. And so we have the plan how to complete Bunge, let's put it that way, without having to reach for bigger deals.
Farha Aslam - Stephens, Inc.: That's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks a lot. Good morning, everybody.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, David.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I wanted to talk a little bit more about food products. You gave a lot of good information, but I want to try to pull a couple things together. So the $200 million to $225 million, correct me if I'm wrong, that's a reiteration of what you told us last quarter.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Right.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): So if I'm right about that, if my memory is right, how come – maybe you don't tighten that one up a little bit kind of given the third quarter performance. It feels okay, it feels good, it feels like you should be saying $225 million. But I always get a little nervous when the ranges don't change and you have a quarter in the bag. What's kind of on the bubble here as we go in the fourth quarter food products?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: I think, David, what's happening there is we've got markets that are recovering and margins that are recovering, and it really has to do with the pace of the recovery and how quickly it comes, and we're just trying to give the range of what it could fall into and be on the conservative side. So I don't think we have any big worries, but these are markets that are moving quickly and we've seen them come back. So there's nothing in particular, no particular worry. It's just how strong the margins would come in and I would say we've just tried to bracket kind of the upside and downside for you versus being too precise in an environment that's a little bit uncertain.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: We've said that the fourth quarter should be a sequential improvement to the third quarter, which we believe it will. And the question is, is it a $20 million or $30 million sequential improvement. That we really won't know until the end of the quarter, but it is in that order of magnitude.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. So I think that math would still put us kind of closer to the upper end of this range than the lower end of the range. And what I really care about here is 2016, but the fourth quarter run rate I think matters. Food products has never been a business that was crazy seasonal. So if the fourth quarter number is at that kind of $60-ish million plus million or $70 million type level, I feel like I want to take that one, extend it into 2016 and then add on to it the cost savings that you're going to continue to produce in that business. So, again, if my thinking is right, then having a number in kind of a $300 million to kind of $330 million for 2016 would be kind of somewhere in the ballpark of what this thing is likely to do? Is my logic at least reasonable?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Your logic is reasonable but the timing of all this pretty much depends on Brazil. And the way that we are thinking about it here is that the turnaround in Brazil really probably won't happen until the second half of next year. And so I think you might be a little bit on the optimistic side with the $300 million to whatever you said, $320 million or $330 million. It's likely to be $300 million on the top side with a little bit of a bracket to the down. So I don't want to give too much guidance. But where we end up this year, pick a number, call it, $215 million or $220 million, add the $50 million and then some amount for the recovery and some of our East European and Brazilian businesses as the year goes through, and you'll probably end up with, again, I'm giving you a range here, $270 million to $300 million is probably about right.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): All right. That's really helpful. And then on the tax rate, guys, I've been covering this name here since you came public. And I tell you what, the tax rate is like the rollercoaster from hell. Can you give us any comments here, Drew, on this tax rate? I mean a 400-basis-point movement here in your full-year tax rate in the new guidance this morning kind of what happened in the third quarter? And it's not too much criticism. I understand the geographies move all around and this is really brutal. But as hard as it is for you guys, it's like impossible on the outside. So I really need to go to 2016 and beyond that for some kind of semblance. I mean should we be in the 30% zip code, the 25% area, and I know food products recovery is probably very germane to the answer here. But why don't you fill in the details?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Yes. Thank you, David. For this year we're looking at between 28% and 30%, and I think our guidance back in June was to around 26% where we were looking forward to be. So, as you say, we get a pretty significant jump. I think two things cause that jump in the short term; one is Brazilian Agribusiness has performed very well. We expected it to have a good year. But as the devaluation rolled through and farmer selling has really stepped up, we expect a very strong second half from our Brazilian Agribusiness operations. At the marginal rate, Brazil is a high tax jurisdiction country at about 34%. So, while our overall rate in Brazil is below that, the incremental extra dollars comes in at pretty high number. The other thing to remember for Brazil, just to remind people about Brazil, is that we have significant tax assets in Brazil from prior years. The exact amounts are disclosed in our SEC filings. But it means that we pay very little cash taxes in Brazil. We're mainly using net operating loss carry-forwards in tax credits that we have to pay those taxes. On the other side, we did expect Asia to have – particularly China to have positive margins in the back half of this year. We had thought the soybean excessive inventories that had gone out of the country to a large extent with the financial players pulling back and that we would get back to a more historical margin structure where we're actually earning margins above our cost. That didn't happen and that is a very low tax rate jurisdiction. So while the overall profit number maybe don't seem from the outside like they have moved a tremendous amount. Between those two places and a couple other places, there has been significant movement and the tax differential on those numbers is up in the 30% range. So it moved it quickly. If we look forward – I mean, we started this year saying 25% and then around June we thought about 26%. That would come out of a model – something in that range should start to come out of a model of a normalized earnings structure for us and looking at the way we're structured for next year. So, we still feel comfortable with that range and feel comfortable with a couple years for everything we're doing to be in place for the rates to go a bit lower than that, but you've seen us put up very low rates and very high rates, so it depends on where it goes, but I would think a rate in that range for the long-term or mid-term is about right and then longer-term I think it might turn down from there.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I really appreciate the guidance and understand the complexity there. I'll pass it along. Thank you.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, David.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Evan Morris with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just your comments that you made on the U.S. market, the weak origination export, can you just talk a little bit more about that? Is it just a timing issue and things will reverse themselves? Is there something more structural? If it is a timing issue, when do you expect that environment to look a little bit better? If you can just give a little bit more color around that?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. It's a bit complex in the sense that we do have on the export side a clear shift of exports away from the U.S. to, for example, Brazil and the Ukraine in the case of corn, a significant shift. Brazil is really taking the world stage in export in corn here for the next – well, has been and will be for the next several months, and that's definitely the biggest single change. Wheat exports U.S. just hasn't been competitive throughout the entire season, and so it's the Black Sea and Europe that's taking most of that. So there is a clear shift away from the U.S. to some of the more, let's say, competitive origins, and Brazil clearly has been that one. A lot of that has had to do with the weaker exchange rate and the higher prices in local currency that farmers like, so that we will not get back. That being said, soybean exports will remain strong out of the U.S. for the fall and into the beginning of next year, but that extra, that 10 million tons of flow that will go elsewhere for the first three or four months of the season, it is one of the reasons why export margins have been under pressure and that is unlikely to change this year. Now it's possible that as we get into the middle of the second quarter, the corn export demand will swing back to the U.S. and we'll get a bit of a revival. But for the fourth quarter, I think the stage is kind of set and it won't get much better. The second aspect of this really is the fact that farmers just don't like prices, and they have the capacity and they've invested on farm storage for the last several years and they're putting their crop away. That has narrowed carries, so they are earning revenue on storing grain for the industry in a fairly dramatic way, the fact that we haven't really had much tension in the transportation sector, so whether that's barge, freight or rail. So far there's harvest and harvest is all but done. It means that the ability to earn big carries on storing grain for the commercial industry is also not there. That is I believe also structural for this year. Now, next year all kinds of things can change. But I believe that for the sort of 2015-2016 campaign, the stage is kind of set and it's unlikely to recover by a lot. Now, next year – we will see how things turn next year. But for the next couple of quarters that is what we have to look forward to.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. That was really helpful. And then just shifting back down to Brazil to your sugar and bioenergy business. The environment there has certainly improved a bit and certainly better than was a year ago. So, it sounds like you're getting a little bit incrementally positive at least on the profit outlook. So, I guess, one, could you give us a sense as to how much better things are getting incrementally? And as we look into 2016, sort of based on what you know now versus what it was like six months ago, what that could mean for profit? And secondly, if the environment is improving, how does it change the outlook or the possibility of a sale of those assets as you continue that process?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. You're right that the environment for Brazilian cane crushing, sugar production and ethanol is definitely better now than it was a year-ago. And it looks like it's going to get sequentially better in 2016. And, of course, a lot of it has to do with the reduced cost of producing sugar in dollars. So, the cost of production if you look into next year now is probably somewhere around $0.12 a pound or maybe a little bit more depending on location. But well below where you can actually hedge sugar. And so, I'd say for the first time, when you look into a future campaign, you can actually secure reasonable margins as a sugar producer. And then the question is really to what extent does ethanol follow? But ethanol, if you look into next year's new crop, April, May, Brazilian ethanol is the most competitive ethanol in the world. So, you think that there'll be good demand for that as well. So, it is different in the sense that you can actually, as a producer, look into the following crop and secure margins that are quite reasonable. And in that sense, we are optimistic that we will end up this year positive in EBIT, positive in cash flow and next year should be a bump up from that. How much of a bump, it's still too early to tell, but it'll be sequentially better. In terms of our view on how to position the business, we are still in the mode of finding ways to reduce exposure as we've said. But given the fact that Bunge as a whole now has returns that are well in excess of our cost of capital, and the business fundamentals are improving, we'll take our time to find the right solution, and we're working on that and I can't give you any timing on it. But, the business is not a drain to Bunge. We can see signs of improvement. And the industry will probably take another year or so to recover. And, we'll be keeping a sharp eye out for opportunities but without feeling pressure to do anything in a hurry.
Evan Morris - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks. I guess you just kind of answered my question I was going to ask on sugar and how to position it, potentially for a sale. But my understanding is that the conditions in the ethanol market are getting much stronger, and you've said yourself that sugar, Brazil is the low cost producer in the global export market. Would it be possible for Bunge to consider running the business for more than just breakeven? You said you wanted to work on reducing your exposure even further I think is what you said. But if conditions in the market are good, why reduce it further? Why not try to capture a little bit of the upside?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, I mean, that's why we're not putting a timing on this. We'll see how the industry develops over the next year; all the signs are favorable. And, so, we will be patient in how we essentially optimize and find the best value for shareholders through this path, through this period. And, indeed, the market conditions are turning quite favorable. So, no date, no timing, but in the long run a reduced exposure to the milling piece of the business is what we are still seeking and that can take many shapes and forms.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning, everyone.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Morning, Ken.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Hey, Ken.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Obviously, a lot of questions asked. Just to make sure I get a couple of understanding. One is I know you increased your tax rate. What is the impact on cash?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: Ken, as I said earlier, we pay the majority of our tax, or the most taxes in Brazil by far, and that is a market where we have significant tax attributes from prior years both in the terms of NOL carryfowards, tax credits, tax receivables, which were all disclosed in our filings. So, in the end, we would pay very little cash tax in Brazil. So, we don't pay a significant amount of cash taxes. Certainly, we don't pay the whole portion in cash taxes, but certainly there are jurisdictions where we do pay cash taxes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): So, the increase in tax rate really is somewhat meaningless in the scheme of your operations. Is that fair?
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: It's meaningless in terms of the way the cash would flow. I want to be careful to say it's meaningless because eventually it comes around and you use your tax attributes up. So the rate is higher in this year. It's higher in a place where we've got tax credits, so we're not having a big impact on cash. But over time, we certainly want to take the steps and have the business structure for the rate to come down. I don't want to imply in any way that it's not an area we're focused on. But the particular driver of the increase this year is not in an area where we pay cash taxes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. The second question is, you talk a lot about farmer retention around the world. I guess, what I'm trying to figure out is, okay, so Brazil, they're releasing. Argentina, after the election will they release you expect? And how long will it take for them to release?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Argentina is the wild card. I think there are various theories as to how the devaluation will take place post election depending on who the candidate is. I think everybody is in agreement that there will be devaluation of the peso in some form. I'm not going to handicap what the election outcome will be. But I think it's fair to say that we all believe that starting sometime in the first quarter, the Argentine farmer will start letting loose on some of the soybeans that are accumulating. They'll be sitting on over 10 million tons of beans as it looks right now as we move into the new crop and some of that should come out in the first quarter prior to their new crop harvest. And the pace with which it comes out is really dependent upon the election outcome and so forth. But Argentina will undoubtedly be more of a factor this year than it was last year. In all likelihood, it will impact crush rates and exports of products. My view, probably on the other side of March. So, the U.S. should still have a decent share or its continued share of global meal exports for the first couple of months of the new year. But Argentina will be one place in which we look for an increase in farmer selling, no doubt.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. So, they can't hold it through the whole year, right? We will see soybeans have South America come to market?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: For sure they will, but I mean, I think they...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): But...
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: But you're talking probably – sometime in Q1. I don't expect it to be in December necessarily.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Again, I don't think it matters. I mean, 2016 is – I think it's fine.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): In the U.S., can the farmer hold soybeans for a year, two years? How long can they hold it for?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: I don't know how long they can hold it. But your guess is as good as mine on that. But I would say that this is now the second large crop in a row. You would expect that some of this will come to market prior new crop plantings which will be March and April. So, there should be a wave of farmer movement as we get into the end of the first quarter. And then we'll see from there. But so far, the harvest came and went very, very fast. It was over in two weeks. And a lot of the grain got put away. So, I would say, in general, farmers probably surprised the industry by their ability to hold grain longer than we all expect. And so I wouldn't handicap it too much.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): I guess, my point that I'm trying to get at is, so although right now that you see farmer retention, the reality is in 2016, we're going to see Brazil, Argentina and the U.S. all release some soybeans somewhere through the year next year. So...
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. That's correct.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. So, your caution on next quarter is irrelevant for 2016? Is that a fair assumption?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Every quarter plays out a little differently. I think for the fourth quarter, the one we're in right now, retention is a clear factor. This can change very quickly with price, with currencies as we get into the first quarter, and it might even change with currencies in the fourth quarter. Brazil, for example, is supersensitive to the foreign exchange movements. The same thing is true in places like the Ukraine. So, I don't think you can make a unilateral statement about how the timing of farmer selling will be throughout next year. The crops will come to market, that's clear, either because farmers – prices will eventually have to get to the point where farmers like them or cash flow will tell them that they have to market their crops. So, the timing of that takes as many facets and some of them are price, some of them are cash flow, some of them are currency related. But, in general, I think it is fair to say that with large crops globally 2016 should be a year where we all handle ample crops across the geographies.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And my final question is on your $8.50 guidance, I guess that I think most people understand that the food product was at risk the whole way. I guess what I'm trying to figure out is, if there's a way that you can bracket the impact you think if we stay at these current levels, how much did that knock off the $8.50? Is it $0.50 or is it $1.00 or some sort of parameters to kind of put it in? Because our calculation is about $0.50. I didn't know if it was larger or smaller than that.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I think your range is right. It's probably $0.50 to $0.75 looking at 2017. That's the order of magnitude translated into the delta in our Food & Ingredients performance relative to the $4.75 we indicated to you back in December last year.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And we have our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. This is Neel Kumar calling in for Vincent. I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the timing of your CapEx spend changes.
Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer: We've extended things out for two reasons. In a couple of cases as we look at the markets and when a capacity is needed, we don't want to get ahead of that, so we've deferred some projects a little bit. In a couple of other projects, we've deferred just as the normal spending time of when it makes the most sense to do the construction and for engineering reasons. So, you've had two deferrals for those reasons that'll reduce our spend by about $125 million this year. Some of that will come back into next year as those projects ramp up, and we go ahead and do them.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. I guess my second question was, could you just talk a little bit more about the impact of the Brazilian farmer getting less credit? Does that mean you will have to barter more and is that what we're seeing in the changes in working capital?
Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. These are minor amounts, but it is true that you will probably have to. We already are stepping up our either bartering or lending to very select farmers. And so, it's not a full-fledged program, but we are selectively helping farmers expand their production where the credit is warranted. As banks in particular in Brazil have stepped back from extending credit, we are filling part of that void, but in a very, very selected way.
Neel Kumar - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Director - Investor Relations: Great. Thank you. If there's no more further questions then we'll close the call now. Thank you, everyone for joining us.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Investor Relations Soren Schroder - Chief Executive Officer Drew Burke - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Ann Duignan - JPMorgan Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc. Cornell Burnette - Citi Research Patrick Chen - BMO Capital Markets Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Sandy Klugman - Vertical Research Evan Morris - Bank of America
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2015 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa and I will be your operator for today’s call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Vanessa and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I would like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren Schroder: Thank you, Mark and good morning to everybody. The second quarter was disappointing. And while we anticipated and communicated weakness, the actual EBIT was lower than we expected. Strong headwinds in our softseed crush and our Brazil foods businesses as well as end of the quarter price volatility that led to temporary loss in grain positions were the primary contributors to the lower results. Approximate EBIT variances compared to last year include $90 million lower in softseed crush, $45 million lower in Brazil edible oils and milling, $50 million in oilseed distribution and $50 million from temporary grain position losses mentioned earlier. These grain losses have since been recovered during July. While the second quarter was tough, our year-to-date results and returns are better than 2014 and we expect 2015 to be a year of growth in both. Full year Agribusiness EBIT should exceed $1 billion. Food will be somewhat lower than last year, but supported by ongoing improvements to our operations. Sugar & Bioenergy will be EBIT and cash flow positive and overall Agri-Foods returns will be approximately 10%, well above our WACC. And we are committed to reaching our 2017 EPS target of $8.50 a share. Let me provide a little more detail on the market and our results starting with the challenges, which spread across several parts of our business. In Agribusiness, sharply lower energy prices, poor bio-diesel economics and farmer retention led to margin contraction in the softseed complex. Grain origination margins from the top [ph] and the U.S. were sharply lower than last year. Argentine origination was constrained by strikes and farmer retention early in the quarter, and Black Sea origination was quiet. Oilseed distribution and trading margins were under pressure. And grain distribution trading positions were impacted as wheat future spiked during the last days of the month. In Food & Ingredients, we felt the full impact of the recessionary conditions in Brazil. Economic conditions have led consumers to reduce purchases and in many cases trade down in value. B2B customers have reduced inventories and re-priced products in order not to lose market share. The end results in edible oils, was an approximate reduction of 15% in volume and a margin contraction of 20% in addition to currency translation effects. Milling results in Brazil experienced similar volume reductions, but we managed to keep steady margins in local currency. The headwinds were strong, but mostly temporary. While we expect the challenging season in canola processing and continued softness in the Brazilian food and ingredients market, we have already recovered the Q2 distribution and trading losses in Agribusiness and many parts of our business will benefit from favorable conditions and macro trends. Looking at our key markets, we see many positive signs. New crop sunseed margins are looking better with larger crops across most of the Europe and the Black Sea. Soy crush results have been in line with expectations with a recovery in China offset by reductions in South America and the Europe. And we expect the value of our soy crush capacity for the balance of the year to be at or above last year’s levels. Demand for soy was strong in the U.S. and Brazil, and world soy mill trading consumption is forecast to expand 3% to 5%. After a slow start, farmer selling in Brazil has had its historical place and we expect continuous brisk pricing of new crop beans and corn on any price or currency rally. Large crops and strong export programs for both the Black Sea in North America and a generally undersold producer should support grain origination and trading in the second half of the year. And in North America, we expect solid growth in our refined and packaged oil business benefiting from ongoing cost and supply chain improvements. And in Mexico, we expect a good second half in milling volumes. Given the competitive and economic pressures in several of our markets, we are intensifying our focus on programs to improve operational efficiency. They are well underway and making a meaningful difference and the rate of impact will increase as we move forward. The programs have yielded $50 million year-to-date and here are some examples. In Brazil Food & Ingredients, we are improving our supply chain costs thoughtfully to increase focus on OEE, supply chain planning and reduction in logistics cost. In North America, we are consolidating Food & Ingredients volumes as a result of operational improvements with our freed-up capacity. In Agribusiness, we are bringing our crushing plants to new levels of yield and energy efficiency. And in logistics, we have reduced execution costs to the lowest level in years. Our SG&A, while benefiting from weaker currency, continues to fall as this year of gross profit, and we are very conscious about building scale from our current structure. The Sugar & Bioenergy segment saw record quarterly crops of 7.3 million tons, but with slightly lower income from trading and distribution. We continue to drive improvements across all mills in agriculture and explore strategic alternatives. We have all our sugar hedged and we are comfortable with the ethanol price picture for the remainder of the year, which should lead to both positive EBIT and cash flow with results skewed towards the fourth quarter. In summary, while the second quarter results was a disappointment we are convinced of a full year of growth in both earnings and returns. The foundation of our business is strong and our optimism for significantly better results in the second half of the year is well founded. And overall, Bunge is a stronger company and better positioned to weather challenges due to the improvements we have made to our operations. Our strong four-quarter trailing returns reflect these changes. There is more work to be done, but the path is clear and our goals unchanged. I will now turn it over to Drew who will provide some additional detail in the quarter and our outlook.
Drew Burke: Good morning. Let’s turn to Page 4 and the earnings highlights. Our total second quarter adjusted EBIT was $152 million compared to a strong prior year result of $418 million. On a six-month basis, adjusted EBIT was $525 million and higher than the prior year’s $493 million. Our earnings per share on a fully diluted and adjusted basis, was $0.51 in the second quarter versus $1.76 in the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, our fully diluted and adjusted EPS is higher than the prior year at $2.12 versus $1.67 in 2014. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT in the second quarter was $134 million and below the prior year result of $311 million. The primary shortfall was in oilseeds due to weak performance in our soy seed crushing business and our distribution business. Soy crushing results were in line with the prior year. Both Canadian and European softseed results were well below prior year reflecting high seed costs and lower vegetable oil demand. Canadian margins were significantly weaker than prior year. Both margins and volumes are lower this year than last in our trading and distribution business, primarily in the Middle East and Asia. Soy crush results were in line with prior year as improvement in our Asian business offset declines in Europe and South America. United States results were slightly higher than prior year. Volumes increased from prior year led by our United States and Asian businesses. Our grains business second quarter EBIT was $71 million versus $82 million in the prior year. Our volumes were down 10% from prior year, reflecting lower origination volumes in North America, in Argentina and reduced export volumes as margin opportunities were less attractive. Grain origination results were slightly below prior year as an increase in Brazil driven by strong farmer selling late in the quarter was offset by reductions in the United States and Argentina. Distribution results were below prior year due to lower volumes in margins. As Soren mentioned, they were also impacted by mark-to-market charges on our grain positions due to the high volatility of commodity prices at quarter end. Prices corrected in early July and these positions recover. Our food business reported EBIT of $29 million versus $90 million in the prior year. The major portion of the decline was in Brazil, where deteriorating economic conditions impacted consumer consumption levels and buying patterns lead to reduction in both volumes and margins. The decline was primarily strong in our edible oils business. Results in our U.S. corn milling business were below with strong prior year primarily due to reduce demand from the cereal and brewing industries. Our profit improvement and cost savings programs continue to make progress. We announced the closure of the United States edible oils facility. We will move the volumes previously supplied by that plant to other Bunge facilities, resulting in more effective capacity utilization and lower cost. Our Brazilian team has been quickly adapting the business model and cost structure to mitigate the effects of the current situation and building stronger basis for future growth. Our sugar business reported an EBIT loss of $12 million versus a profit of $6 million in the prior year. Our sugar industrial business was near breakeven and most importantly continues to hit its targets for cost reductions and cash flow generation. Our crop is coming in as expected and our plants are running well. Let’s turn to Page 5 and our return on invested capital. This continues to be a major point of emphasis for us. We continue to focus on ensuring our investments in capital expenditures and working capital are generating the appropriate rate of return. Our returns continued to be above our cost of capital in 2014 results. For total Bunge, we achieved the return on invested capital of 7.9%. And for our core Agribusiness and food businesses, our return on invested capital was 9.6%, 2.6% above our weighted average cost of capital. Let’s turn to Page 6 and our cash flow highlights. For the six months ended June 30, our cash used for operating activities was $300 million versus cash use of $791 million in the prior year. The improvement primarily reflects higher earnings, continued focus on working capital management and a reduction in commodity prices. We continue to have a strong liquidity position with $4.2 billion available under committed and unused lines of credit. Let’s turn to Page 7 and our capital allocation priorities. Our first priority is to maintain an investment grade credit rating with the BBB target. After that, we allocate funds based on the alternative that provides the best long-term value to our shareholders. For the six months ended June, we have returned $316 million to shareholders by repurchasing $200 million of shares and paying $116 million in dividends. We made an acquisition that increases our value added capabilities on our U.S. food business. Our capital expenditures were $222 million. Our target for the year remains $850 million. Spending on our larger projects will step up as the year progresses. Let’s turn to Page 8 and the outlook. We expect to achieve 2015 return on invested capital for combined Agribusiness and foods businesses of approximately 10%, which is three points over our cost of capital. Agribusiness should have a strong second half with full year segment profit exceeding $1 billion. In oilseeds, demand is expected to be strong with USDA projecting growth in global soymeal consumption of 5% and in soy oil of 4%. Overall gross margins are solid. South America should experience good volumes and margins through the third quarter, with export demand moving back to the U.S. in the fourth quarter. While China margins have come down, they are still well ahead of prior year. The softseed environment is likely to be mixed with sunseed recovering as new crops become available, but rapeseed margins are likely to remain depressed due to smaller crops and weak vegetable oil demand due to biodiesel consumption. In grains, there is a large safrinha crop in Brazil and farmer selling is increasing with the Brazilian real depreciation. Large U.S. and Black Sea crops should provide origination opportunities and allow us to run our assets at the high utilization rates later in the year. Our food business will rebound from the weak second quarter performance, but will still face headwinds from weak economies and the translation impact of translating global earnings into U.S. dollars. We expect second half results to be better than the first half, but below the prior year’s second half. We do expect to achieve our 2017 goals as the Brazilian and certain Eastern European economies get back on track. Brazil is the major challenge for us in foods. We will continue to reduce our cost structure, but still invest in our brands to maintain our market share. The immediate outlook is that margins will remain under pressure for the third quarter, but should show improvement as we move into the fourth quarter. Packaged oil should benefit from a more balanced domestic market as soy crushing seasonally slows and demand stabilized. Wheat millings have not declined as strongly and we expect sequential improvement in demand. The Brazil food market continues to be a key area for us and we remain confident that it will provide the appropriate returns and growth opportunities as the company works through its economic difficulties. It is also important that we have a full value chain business in Brazil and our Agribusiness results should more than offset the weakness in foods. In Europe, we expect improvement in margins as new crop arrives and raw material cost decline. In North America, we expect our oils business to continue to benefit from the results of our profit improvement programs. Our Mexican wheat milling business continues to perform well. Our industrial sugar business is entering the seasonally stronger second half of the year. We expect to be solidly profitable in the second half and to achieve a full year of profit and generate free cash flow. Ethanol demand remains strong. The crop has developed nicely and normal weather patterns will support achievement of our targets. We will now return the call to the operator to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann Duignan: Hi, good morning.
Soren Schroder: Good morning Ann.
Drew Burke: Good morning.
Ann Duignan: Can we talk about Europe a little bit, weigh down results this quarter, but given everything we are hearing about weather conditions varied – still variable across the region in Europe, can you talk about the upcoming crop and how that might end up being smaller than expected and weigh on performance going into next year?
Soren Schroder: Yes. I think it is very varied, so we could spend a lot of time going through all the different these pieces. I think what’s relevant to us is that the Ukrainian and Russian wheat export programs look to be intact, big crops as big as last year and in some cases, bigger are good for us. Exports should be strong. In fact, we are right in the middle of harvest as we speak and yields need is coming in better than we expected. I think that’s also the case in other parts of Europe in wheat in particular. What we have let’s say challenges is in the European specifically the East European corn crops, where hot weather during pollination has really hurt yield potential. So that’s the downside, not necessarily for us because it might very well mean that you will open the flow of Brazilian corn to Europe that should speak to our strength. So in general, on the grain side, I think it’s mostly positive, strong wheat exports and potential for some dislocation in corn as the year progresses. Sunseed crops, we are still looking at sunseed crops that are better than last year, both in Russia and the Ukraine and most of Eastern Europe. On the other hand, rapeseed crops have – which have just been harvested or are being harvested is off by 2 million or 3 million tons, but that was largely known early on. So that’s pretty much how we see it.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I appreciate the color. It’s good to know that Ukraine and Russia are a net positive. And then switching to Brazil, we understand the consumer and the weight on the consumer in the region, but can you talk a little bit about farmer sentiment and whether you would expect an expansion in acres this upcoming year our what are you hearing kind of feet on the street from Brazilian farmers?
Soren Schroder: Well, within the Brazilian economy, the agricultural sector is probably faring the best. That’s clear and that’s why on balance Bunge Brazil will be okay despite the challenges in the domestic consumer side of things. I don’t think that we expect a large expansion in acreage call will be a modest one. I think we are talking more about possible future further yield improvements in both corn and beans next year. So we do expect there, we expect bigger crops in 2016 than in ‘15, but I am not sure we really believe it will be a meaningful acreage expansion.
Ann Duignan: Okay, I will leave it there and get back in line. Thank you.
Soren Schroder: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews: Thanks and good morning everyone. Just want to follow-up on Food & Ingredients, I mean I understand sort of where the weakness is coming from, I guess where I wanted to get more clarity is why it really happened so dramatically this quarter, like why didn’t it happen a year ago, why didn’t it happen last quarter and sort of – and I apologize if you addressed this in the prepared remarks as I was on another call, but sort of what actions you can really take around these issues and how much of them are structural or secular versus sort of some cyclicality too that might improve?
Soren Schroder: Yes. I mean, we saw early signs I suppose in the first quarter. But really, it all came to a screeching halt in terms of consumer off-take in the middle of the second quarter. And that happened particularly in edible oils at the same time as the crushing industry was ramping up its seasonal crush. And so a combination of excess oil in the market and companies like ourselves and retailers, who saw demand simply falling off a cliff led to a re-pricing and the flush out of inventory so to speak and that puts tremendous pressure on margins. So, it all did happen really within a very condensed period of time and compared to what was a good year in the second quarter last year. From what we can tell, the markets are beginning to stabilize. Volumes have stabilized and are creeping back up. And I suspect that in edible oils, it will probably take us through the third quarter to get margins back to where we historically would be and probably the fourth quarter, where oil supply in Brazil balances out better as crush rates ramp back down again to put a little bit more balance in supply and demand of the edible oil sector. In milling, the volume drop was almost as much as in edible oils, so reflecting the same trends, but also there we have seen a small pickup in volume as we have gotten into July. So, to me, it feels like the second quarter, at least in our sector, was when there was a shock to the system and everybody realized that there was a major recessionary issue on the table and the markets adjusted all at once. So, it will be a slow rebuild, but we are seeing things stabilize and slowly move into better territory. And of course, at the same time, we are hard at work to do what we can to trim cost and improve supply chain efficiencies, making sure that our clients get up to better OEEs that we cut our logistics cost as we have been successful in doing in other parts of the world. And this just puts a little bit more pressure on us and doing it faster there to adjust. But coming out of this, I suspect that we will be – you will be even stronger than we were going into it.
Vincent Andrews: Hi. Just to follow-up on the milling side, presumably I know you have a big customer in cereal and I think you have a big customer in beer as well and we are having some challenges. Are there other places you can put that product, whether it’s in the United States or somewhere else or you are really dependent on the volume trends in cereal and beer?
Soren Schroder: Well, I mean, specifically talking about the U.S. market, which is corn milling. So, it’s not weak. It’s corn milling. We have been affected by the trends that you spoke about. And what we are doing – and this takes a little time, but we are working on it is to replace some of those volumes with, let’s say, products that speak to current trends. So, for example, non-GM corn, organic products, ancient gains and various types of extruded products are going to the stacking industry, which is still growing. So, it’s a process that will take some time, but we are finding ways to replace volume that used to go into those traditional sectors with other volumes that we believe speak to current trends, but again, it’s a process that will take some time.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, thanks very much.
Soren Schroder: Yes.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens Inc.
Farha Aslam: Hi, good morning.
Drew Burke: Good morning.
Farha Aslam: Could you share with us some color regarding what the impact of maybe mark-to-market was in this quarter that you expect to get back in the next quarter, because it clearly sounds like you have gotten some of it back already and that’s part of what’s giving you confidence in the second half of the year?
Drew Burke: Yes, just to give us the mark-to-market we have referred to earlier is in our grain business. And if you look at where we did see big wheat crops coming in and feel very much fundamentally that we would want to be selling ahead of buying and be out in front of it. But as we got to the end of the quarter if you look at how we traded and got extremely volatile and spiked up and that’s what caused us to take a loss. The market settled back down in the first week of July and all of that loss was recovered, so that we have all of that loss back at the moment.
Farha Aslam: And really that was the bulk of it? Is there anything with soy crushing and did you lock in margins that you will get back in the back half of the year?
Drew Burke: We ended the quarter relatively balanced on soy crush. We have a global soy crush business. So, in certain markets, we ended up with the negative mark-to-markets and other are positive. There is some difference there, but it is not significant as we move through the rest of the year.
Farha Aslam: Great. And then could you just share with us some more color on crush margins in China, in your release, you had highlighted that they are below what you had experienced in the second quarter, but still above year-over-year. Could you just put some numbers or context around that commentary?
Soren Schroder: Yes, they are very volatile as you have noticed. I would say that second half of the year, average crush margins are probably somewhere in the mid-teens dollars per ton. That compares to margins that were zero or even negative at the same time last year. And they have come down from a level that was probably closer to 30 in the earlier part of this year. So, they are in the mid range of what I would say of where we started out and where we are, so call it about $15 for the balance of the year.
Farha Aslam: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then my final question relates to kind of export demand that you see out of both Brazil and North America. Given the slowdown in China, do you expect that to impact their imports of grain and will that impact your second half?
Soren Schroder: Yes, I would say that on grains, China is sitting on a large pile of corn. So, it’s unlikely that you will see any corn imports. As far as soybeans are concerned, we had a very, very strong flow of soybeans from South America, from Brazil in particular, during April, May and June that has built inventories in China and that probably means that the early part of the U.S. export season will be a little slower than it was last year. And you can see that reflected in the open export sales of soybeans compared to last year. We are off by 6 million or 7 million tons. So, I would say in general, a slower start to the U.S. season than last year, but still a strong pool of exports in general on a global basis between grains and oilseeds.
Farha Aslam: Great, that’s helpful. Thank you.
Soren Schroder: Okay.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
Cornell Burnette: Good morning. This is Cornell Burnette in with a few questions for David.
Drew Burke: Hey, Cornell.
Soren Schroder: Hi, Cornell.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, very good. The first one is just looking at the guidance for the back half of the year. It seems like a good improvement in Agribusiness trends versus the first half. And just wanted to know kind of what gives you confidence that you can get there given your comments that China is probably doing not as well as you have seen first half margins come in and then kind of some of the ongoing issues that you would expect with the softseed crushing margins? And also, if you could remind us what percentage of your total crush would be in – would come in softseeds?
Soren Schroder: Let’s start with the last one first. It’s between 15% and 18% depending on the quarter is represented by sun and canola/rape crush. Well, couple of things. First of all, our overall crush volumes for the second half will be up year-on-year by, I would say, about 7%, 8%. So, that’s a good beginning. As we look at the weighted average crush margin throughout our system, Argentina, Brazil, China, Southern Europe and the U.S., the value at least at the moment is at least as good as it was in the same time last year. So, we are looking at the open value of our crush capacity if you take into account the increased volume as being bigger in dollar terms than it was at the same time last year. So, that’s one thing we feel good about our global soy crush for the second half of the year. Softseeds, I think it’s a balancing act. I think we expect better margins in sunseed, maybe a little bit less in canola, but already starting in the second half of last year, canola margins started coming down. So net-net, it’s probably about a breakeven so to speak. But grain handling margins both in the Black Sea, in the U.S., and I think continuously also in Brazil and Argentina, where we have a longer tail to the crop and will be crushing longer as well should net be a positive for us. So, I think we have a fairly good idea of where we have the upside versus last year. Of course, a lot of the crush still has to be locked in. We have got some of it locked up, but not all of it, but the outlook is pretty promising. So, we feel good about saying that our results in the back half of this year should be at least as good as – at least as good as last year.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, very good. And then one more on the food products side, I believe you guys indicated earlier that your long-term projections or profits there are still kind of in line with where they have been. I believe you were looking for something like $470 million in from product profitability by 2017. And I just wanted to know if we continue to see weakness in the Brazilian economy and maybe some of the other economies where you play in, kind of how can you still get to that number, what are some of the things that kind of additional initiatives that you might take to kind of offset some of this weakness in the market if it persist?
Soren Schroder: Yes. The number of $475 million by 2017, that we have spoken about, many of the things that we can do to sort of counter the negative trend in consumer volumes, we are already doing and is part of our ongoing improvement efforts. So it’s about making our plants more efficient. It’s about reducing supply chain costs, logistics cost, rationalizing where we can. Drew gave an example of where we have done that in the U.S. There may be other opportunities to do the same. So really and our focus on cost and efficiencies is what we can do. And I was saying in terms of how this will roll into the $475 million by 2017, the timing of course is a little tricky given the economic conditions in many of the emerging markets where we have food businesses. But in the case of Brazil, I feel good about saying that if we don’t exactly hit it there in food, we will likely see it in Agribusiness. That is the flip side of the coin in a place like Brazil where we are facing headwinds in the domestic market in Brazil, but all the export-oriented flows and activities that we have there really should benefit. So the sum total of the numbers by 2017 and therefore our 8.50 target, we still feel is intact.
Cornell Burnette: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Patrick Chen: Hi, this is Patrick Chen in for Ken.
Soren Schroder: Hi Patrick.
Patrick Chen: Hi, just a quick question about I guess canola crush margins, I know additional capacity is coming online from one of your competitors sometime this year, so I guess does that change your margin structure going forward in that market?
Soren Schroder: I would say that’s priced already. And reality is that there is – even though the canola crop is smaller than the peak two years ago, there is still ample seed to fill all the capacity that exists in Canada. The real question is how much seed leaves Canada for export, it’s about 50-50 what’s used domestic and what goes for export. So I think the crushing industry in Canada is probably fairly sized at the moment. And it really is a matter of how much seed goes to places like Japan and then China. But I think that most of the impact of the new capacity has come on, is already reflected in the margin structure.
Patrick Chen: I guess switching geographies a little bit and in terms of Argentina you had indicated that the crush time period will be a little bit longer this year, but given how the elections are taking place sometime in October, do you – what do you think the cadence of farmers selling will be in terms of soybeans going forward?
Soren Schroder: So far we are experiencing a nice pickup in farmer selling in Argentina sort of towards the end of the second quarter and now also through July. We have continued to price briskly in Argentina. I think that will stay with us probably for another – through August, I would say maybe even middle of September. So Argentina should be a full speed crush through September and that’s good for us. We have a lot of capacity that’s now running at full. But I do expect that we will see a slowdown in farmer pricing as we get into around election time. And then depending on the outcome of the election, it may be a complete shut off for the balance of the year or not. We don’t know yet. But I would say a continued pace of good pricing for the next month, month and a half and then we will take a pause and see what election comes – what the election brings.
Patrick Chen: And lastly in China, there has been lot of talks about hog markets slowing down and do you see that as a structural shift down in soybean mill demand, I know you are a little positive year-over-year in the Chinese market, but given how the hog produced or the markets over there importing more pork going forward and what do you think the impact will be?
Soren Schroder: Well, we still look at the soymeal growth domestic consumption in China has been positive, somewhere in the 5%, 5%, 6% plus area for this year. And despite the reduced production in China of pork, inclusion and formulation of soybean meal continues to rise. So I think that’s the reason why we continue to see growth an off take and we are really seeing that despite what you might hear in terms of reduction in the local production and more imports. So the trend towards sort of very efficient production still means an increase in the soy inclusion rate and I think that's a bigger driver of growth at the moment.
Patrick Chen: Great. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson: Yes. Thanks. Good morning everyone. So I guess my first question is the Agribusiness guidance, for at least $1 billion for the year, which would imply at least about $535 million or so for the back half, which would only be up about $30 million year-over-year, in the fourth quarter of 2014, you had an $80 million mark-to-market reversal. And you had a $30 million China inventory loss on Chinese soybeans. You had trading losses late in June that you said have reversed. And Soren just went through kind of the market mosaic for both oilseeds and grains and the general balance was reasonably constructive, I wasn’t really detecting a lot of big negatives year-over-year in that mix, what am I missing?
Soren Schroder: I don’t think you are missing much. I think what we said was the $1 billion was sort of what we felt was bracketing the downside of Agribusiness. And it can obviously – it can be more than that and we hope and expect that it will. So to say that we should be able to, let’s say exceed last year’s last half without taking into account the $80 million, I would say I feel very comparable about that. And I would say that I feel comfortable about that even including the $80 million, if you know what I mean. So I think that the $1 billion is sort of downside of the range and they can be – it can be more than that. And as Drew mentioned and we alluded to, we started the third quarter with a little wind in the back from the recovery of the position issues we had at the end of the second quarter.
Adam Samuelson: Okay, that’s helpful. Switching gears, Argentina picked previous question a little bit differently I mean there is a – Argentina’s soybean inventories are very high and it’s had a record crop, the farmers have been storing them for years as a currency hedge, say the election goes as most people expect and that there is a devaluation that does happen sometime late this year or early in 2016, that could be a flood of soybeans that hits the global market, how does that benefit or hurt your business in aggregate given your disparate exposures?
Soren Schroder: I would say that so long as the U.S. domestic market remains as buoyant and strong as it is at the moment, where the majority of the growth that we expect from our U.S. crushing activities are really more in towards domestic off take. I think our net balance, it will be positive for us. It should mean that we have the Argentine industry running at full speed even prior harvest and we have a sizable presence in Argentina. So I think with the domestic U.S. outlook being so positive, I think it will be net positive for us going into early next year.
Adam Samuelson: Okay. And then a quick one, I think in the prepared remarks you alluded to continuing to evaluate kind of options on sugar, but any update on sugar that you can provide at this point?
Soren Schroder: No, other than we – we are pursuing all the various alternatives, but are very conscious about striking the right balance of timing and value to shareholders. And so I don’t have anything new to report to you and we will as soon as we do have something. In the meantime as Drew mentioned, we continue to make nice strides on running the business, and it’s not a drain to the company anymore. We are going to be cash flow positive and profitable at the end of the year. And so we are in the mode that we would like to see faster rather than not, but patient in terms of value and outcome.
Adam Samuelson: Alright, great. Thanks. I will pass on.
Soren Schroder: Okay, thanks.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question comes from Sandy Klugman with Vertical Research.
Sandy Klugman: Thank you. So but it’s increasingly looking like we will have another large corn crop in North America, but given the price declines we have seen since mid-July and the increases we have seen in on-farm storage capacity over the past several years, are there any concerns that this will negatively impact your origination capabilities in the fall if farmer select to hold on to grain as they did last year?
Soren Schroder: Well, farmers are already sitting on a significant amount of the total stock. So the two large crops in a row, you would expect that we would return to more normal marketing patterns that’s what I think. But it’s still too early to call the crop. But I would expect a more normal marketing pattern in both – well corn in particular because last year soybean marketing was actually quite aggressive. So I think more return to normal patterns this coming season if the crop holds.
Sandy Klugman: Okay, that’s fair. And then your business seems particularly difficult to forecast. I understand you are committing to an $8.50 EPS target, but I am just curious what drives your decision to tie that target to 2017 in particular as opposed to leaving the timing more open ended?
Soren Schroder: Well, we have a number of programs in place, roughly $325 million worth of EBIT improvement programs in both Agribusiness and foods that we feel we can predict reasonably well over that period of time. So a nice size chunk of improvement in earnings comes from things we believe we can control internally. And the rest of it is judging what we believe our growth in global markets and pull on capacity which we already have. So for example, soy crushing capacity over the period – next couple of years should continue to tighten up and margin structures should over time improve. And so you can post that over our network, the same thing goes with grain handling and export. So we are – it’s a combination of internal improvements and trends we see in business when post over our existing network and with a view towards improving margins that allows us to be confident that we can reach those numbers.
Sandy Klugman: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question is from Evan Morris with Bank of America.
Evan Morris: Good morning guys.
Soren Schroder: Good morning Evan.
Drew Burke: Good morning.
Evan Morris: Lot of my questions were already asked, but just have a couple of quick ones. On the Food & Ingredients guidance, just trying to understand – so you expect sequential improvement in the second half, but down year-over-year I guess, and then down sort of full year as well, so to be down in the second half year-over-year and you are saying down for the full year, year-over-year as well?
Drew Burke: What we are really saying if you go back and look at the numbers we referred to is we expect the second half to come in somewhere between $100 million and $160 million or so in terms of EBIT in the Food & Ingredients business, that’s obviously a pretty wide range, but it does reflect the pace of recovery in margins in the various markets. We can pretty well know how we can bring in our cost savings and the things we can do, so we can layer that in pretty accurately. And the bottom end of that range would be the markets don’t really recover and the upper end would be they come back pretty quickly.
Evan Morris: Okay, that’s helpful. And then just you made a comment earlier in the prepared remarks just saying I think was intensifying programs on operational efficiencies, I guess given some of the broader operating environment, is that – are you pulling forward – I mean, you are putting forward some of those cost savings that you had been targeting in Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients or is this suggesting that you have turned over more rocks and you have found more cost savings than what you originally had kind of alluded to or guided to?
Soren Schroder: I think it just speaks to us trying to accelerate rather than having found more. Our estimates, $200 million in Agribusiness, $125 million in foods until 2017 is still what we have as the guidepost, but given the environment in some of our markets, we want to pull as much of that fast, fast-forward that as much as we can pull, if you know what I mean. So it’s really about intensifying the effort to get there quicker rather than a larger number.
Evan Morris: Okay. And then just as maybe that brings you back to the question about the $8.50 in just the past, so if you are going to accelerate some of these cost savings, but operating profits going lower sort of year base is lower this year than I guess we have originally expected or you expected to get. So is it then just to get from where we end this year since you have already – you are pulling forward some of those cost savings, it’s really then just about sort of base business growth is the key lever then between ‘15 and hitting – 2015 and hitting that $8.50 target, is that potentially going to be the majority of the driver then of getting there?
Soren Schroder: I think that you said the way to think about it is the 2017 target was based on normalized market conditions in both ag and food. So you would assume we are back to normal markets. And there were two major drivers for us to get there. One is the cost reduction program. The other is driving growth in our business. Other than the economic difficulties, we still feel we are on track with both of those trends that we are getting the growth in the underlying business where other than the market impact. When we set those targets, we already knew corn milling would be a little weaker or would have to reposition itself a little bit, so that’s not new to us. So yes, it’s a combination of growth in cost savings and based on markets behaving in a normal way.
Evan Morris: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. We have no further questions. At this time, I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Vanessa. And thank you, everyone for joining us for the earnings call today.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden -  Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Evan B. Morris - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mark Haden, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone. Bunge is off to a good start in 2015. In Q1, soy crush margins and -- results were strong. Risk management performance was significantly improved over the prior year. We made meaningful progress in our operational improvement programs, and we added important new operations to our business. The trailing 4-quarter return on invested capital in our core Agribusiness and Food segments is now 10.7%, well above our cost of capital. And despite some headwinds in the market, the outlook for the remainder of 2015 is optimistic. We expect the full year results to put us on a comfortable path towards our 2017 EPS target of $8.50 per share. I'll touch on a few highlights in a moment, but let me first comment on our new reporting approach in Agribusiness. We've received quite a bit of input from investors that they would like more insight, and that our Investor Day last year, we announced that we would break out the operations to provide greater transparency. One of our primary objectives was to provide investors with a clear picture of results in our Oilseeds operations. Drew will provide more details, and we hope that this new approach is beneficial to understanding our performance better. Our oilseed operations had a strong quarter. Soy crush performance was particularly strong in the U.S. and in Southern Europe. Strong demand for soy protein, combined with constrained Argentine flows, allowed us to supply both export and domestic markets during the quarter, and crush volumes in these regions rose 7%. We managed margins well and ran our assets at historically high utilization rates. Results in Brazil were also very good but lower than a very strong prior year. Chinese margins have rebounded sharply, which should lead to favorable results over the next quarters in sharp contrast to last year. We, therefore, expect the next months to be solid in soy crush with a smooth shift in profitability from the U.S. and Europe to South America and China. In contrast to soy, margins in softseeds were disappointing. Currency volatility and political instability, combined with significantly lower prices, has led farmers' retention -- to retain crops and, therefore, margin compression. We expect this to last into Q3 while our softseed crops, especially sunseed, should improve the market dynamics. Global oilseed trading and distribution results were excellent, and our risk management teams guided both margins and global flows well. In grains, origination volume was down 5% compared to last year as farmers resisted selling into lower prices in all geographies, although we did experience a nice pickup in Brazil during March as the real weakened and harvest progressed. In general, marketing patterns suggest that we are tracking about 5% behind in farmer pricing compared to normal. And with record crops, this suggests stock building at the farm level and, therefore, deferral of margin. Export volumes in Brazil, U.S. and the Black Sea were strong. And despite the truck strikes in Brazil and political turmoil in the Black Sea, we executed well with all port terminals running smoothly. Ocean freight results were much improved. Overall, the markets are slowly settling into a new lower price range across most crops. With prospects of large harvest in both North America and Europe again this year, the market should encourage growth in consumption and trade with generally modest volatility and fewer dislocations. Margins will be driven by strong demand and higher capacity utilization. In Food & Ingredients, our operational and commercial excellence programs drove improved results with an estimated $20 million P&L impact during the quarter. These programs are a key part of our strategy to increase the share of EBIT generated from Food & Ingredients, and they are especially important in the face of market headwinds. A much stronger U.S. dollar created headwinds in most of our non-U.S. Food businesses where local profits translate into weaker U.S. dollar earnings as currencies depreciate. In Brazil, for example, the real was approximately 25% weaker than a year ago. And in both Central and Eastern Europe, we are facing similar situations. In the first quarter, therefore, while margins expanded in local currency, our U.S. dollar unit margins in edible oils were slightly weaker, and they were stable in wheat milling. When combined with global U.S. dollar costs and the impact from our improvement programs, the net result was a respectable EBIT for the quarter. While we've been able to overcome most of the impacts of the stronger U.S. dollar through performance improvements, it does mean that growth in Food & Ingredients' earnings this year will be slower than we initially anticipated. That said, we expect a big step-up in performance and another record year. In Sugar & Bioenergy, the first quarter underlying results improved by $11 million. During 2014, we reduced our labor force by approximately 25%, and we have improved operations in all our mills, including global logistics, harvesting and planting cost. As a result, our unit cost, assuming a normal crush season, is now at or below market values. The Central-South crop is estimated at 588 million tons. And assuming a normal crushing season, we still expect to be EBIT and cash flow positive by the end of 2015. While we are staying focused on operations, we continue to explore ways to reduce exposure to the sugar milling business. Bunge's strategy calls for applying best-in-class processes throughout our operations, improving our winning footprint and achieving the right balance of commodity and value-added businesses. We made progress in the first quarter on all fronts. Recently, we announced a key addition to our Agribusiness asset network through our joint venture acquisition of Canadian Wheat Board in Canada. And we closed an exciting bolt-on acquisition in Food & Ingredients by adding Heartland Harvest, a company that serves the growing U.S. ag industry in the U.S. and complements our existing corn milling activities. We also repurchased $200 million of shares during the quarter, consistent with our balanced capital allocation strategy. So overall, it was a strong quarter and a solid start to what is expected to be a strong year. I'll now turn it over to Drew for further comments.
Andrew J. Burke: Good morning. Let's turn to Slide 4 and the earnings highlights. Our total segment EBIT for the quarter was $373 million versus $75 million in the prior year. Agribusiness, Foods & Ingredients and Sugar & Bioenergy all showed improvement from the prior year. Agribusiness EBIT was 333 -- $330 million versus $79 million in the prior year, with strong increases in both oilseeds and grains. As Soren mentioned earlier, starting this quarter, we are providing EBIT results and volumes separately for our oilseeds and grains businesses. The purpose is to continue to provide more information to investors, so they can have a deeper understanding of where profits are earned. We continue to operate this segment on full value-chain basis to achieve maximum synergies and cost efficiencies. The businesses are interdependent on certain product flows, and our service groups provide services for both grains and oilseeds. We have included the service group's results fully in grains rather than allocating them to each business. This allows a clear picture of oilseeds, which consists of our oilseed processing activity, our oilseeds trading and distribution business and our biodiesel joint ventures. Oilseeds represents about 60% of our permanent assets, consisting primarily of oilseed processing facilities. Grains is comprised of our grain and origination business, primarily corn, wheat, barley, soybeans and softseeds, our global trading and distribution operations, our ports and our logistics and financial activities. Grains represents about 40% of our permanent assets, primarily consisting of grain elevators, transshipment facilities and ports. We are pleased to provide this additional insight into our Agribusiness segment, but it is important to note that these are not independent activities. They operate together in a synergistic manner. A chart detailing the definition of the breakout is in the Appendix of this presentation. Oilseeds' EBIT was $242 million in the quarter versus $79 million in the prior year, led by strong performances in U.S. soy processing and our global oilseed trading and distribution operations. U.S. processing benefited from strong crushing margins, good domestic and export meal demand and the recognition of mark-to-market gains as the losses recorded in the fourth quarter reversed. Brazil performed well, and South American results were in line with prior year. European softseed results were lower due to weak farmer selling. Asian results saw an improvement. The distribution business benefited from higher margins and solid risk management strategies. Their higher volumes primarily result from increased soy processing volumes in the United States, Brazil and Southern Europe. In grains, EBIT was a profit of $88 million versus breakeven in the prior year. Our grains' trading and distribution business performed significantly better as risk management strategies worked well in the quarter and ocean freight costs were lower. Ocean freight results also benefited from gains from the reversal of the majority of the mark-to-market losses incurred in the fourth quarter. Brazilian grain origination results were good but below prior year as farmer selling was low in the early part of the quarter. Foods & Ingredients' EBIT was $72 million versus $54 million in the prior year, led by a strong improvement in edible oils. Milling results were slightly above the prior year. The edible oils improvement was driven by North America and Europe, reflecting higher margins and lowering costs as our improvement initiatives continued to produce results. Results in South America and Asia were in line with prior year. Our results in Brazil and certain Eastern European countries were negatively impacted by weakening currencies versus the U.S. dollar. Milling results were slightly above prior year despite the impact of weakening currencies. Our wheat milling performance was above prior year as both Mexico and Brazil had improved performance. The integration of our Mexico milling acquisitions continues to proceed smoothly. Corn milling was weaker than prior year as lower market demand from the brewer in cereal industries caused a decline in volumes. Sugar & Bioenergy incurred a loss of $23 million versus a loss of $64 million in the prior year. The prior year was impacted by a $30 million -- $31 million loss resulting from temporary mark-to-market losses related to the hedges of forward sugar sales. As a reminder, the first quarter is the inter-harvest period in Brazil when sugarcane mills do not operate for most of the quarter and products are sold out of inventories carried over from the prior year. Our industrial sugar milling results were improved from prior year and in line with our expectations. The improvement primarily results from higher sugar and ethanol prices in local currency. Our productivity improvement programs continue to show positive results. Trading and distribution results were below prior year as lower margins more than offset higher volumes. Results in our biofuel joint ventures were below prior year. Fertilizer results were a loss of $6 million versus a profit of $6 million in the prior year, mainly due to a strike at one of our fertilizer facilities in Argentina. The strike has been resolved. Lower import volume at our Brazilian fertilizer port also impacted results. Our earnings per share for the quarter was $1.58 versus a $0.12 loss in the prior year. Let's turn to Slide 5 in our return on invested capital. For the 12 months ended March 15, our return on invested capital for Bunge Limited, including our Sugar & Bioenergy segment, was 8.8%, which is 1.8 points above our cost of capital. For combined Agribusiness and Foods, the return is 8 point -- is 10.7%, a significant improvement over the 2000 return -- 2014 return of 8.4%. The increased returns reflect several factors. First, and the largest driver of the improvement, was that 2015 first quarter performance was much better than the first quarter of 2014; second, working capital levels have decreased, reflecting our strong focus on optimizing working capital and lower commodity prices; and third, we were able to widen margins in Agribusiness to more than offset the translation impact on earnings while the foreign currency translation impact did lower our asset values. We expect strong returns to continue through the course of the year. Actual returns will be impacted by a number of factors, including crop sizes, commodity prices, market structure and currency movements, so it is difficult to give a precise projection this early in the year. Let's turn to Slide 6 and the cash flow. Our cash provided by operating activities was $300 million -- $308 million, reflecting $173 million funds from operations and $135 million from lower working capital. This compares to an outflow of approximately $1.1 billion in the prior year. While our liquidity position remains strong, at March 31, we had $4.7 billion available under our committed credit line. Let's turn to Slide 7 and our capital allocation process. We continue to follow a disciplined capital allocation process. Our first priority continues to be maintaining metrics consistent with the BBB credit rating. After that, we allocate our funds to capital expenditures, acquisitions, share buybacks and dividends in a manner which provides the highest long-term return to our shareholders. In the first quarter, we repurchased $200 million of Bunge shares, paid dividends of $58 million, acquired the assets of Heartland Harvest for $48 million, consistent with our strategy of increasing the size of our value-added Foods business through bolt-on acquisitions and spent $117 million in capital expenditures. We continue to expect to spend $875 million on capital expenditures in 2015. Let's move to Slide 8 and the outlook. In Agribusiness, South American crops are large, and planting intentions indicate a large Northern Hemisphere crop should follow. Underlying demand is strong as meat producers are doing well overall. The USDA projects 6% growth in soymeal demand. As the South American crop arrives, they should be the main supplier of global export demand. Soy crush margins in Brazil and Argentina are good, and our advantaged logistics slip [ph] into Brazil should benefit from the large volumes. And in China, soy crush margins continue to show improvement. While our outlook for the full year is expected to be favorable, the second quarter may be impacted by weak softseed margins and slow farmer sellings. In Food & Ingredients, we expect to show higher year-on-year results despite the headwind from translating results from countries where the local currency has depreciated. We remain focused on our business improvement initiatives, on the productivity and cost side and in our commercial operations where we continue to focus on expanding our business in higher value-added areas. In Sugar & Bioenergy, we continue to expect to be EBIT and cash flow positive. As a reminder, the business is seasonal, and the profits are primarily earned in the second half of the year. With that, I will now turn the call back to the operator, and we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can we talk about on-farm storage, both in the U.S. and in Brazil? In the U.S., do you agree that, that's more of a secular trend? We've had a lot of on-farm storage built over the last 5 or 6 years? Brazil might be more a little bit cyclical or just based on currency. But could you talk about what impact this has on your business, both on the cadence of your -- the seasonality of your business and also on what it could do to working capital demands as we go forward?
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. I mean, you're right that, certainly, in the U.S., on-farm storage has expanded at a significant rate over the last few years, and farmers are increasingly in a position to hold the vast majority of their crop. In Argentina, for example, it's been in the form of silo bags, but the same thing is true. So that trend is clearly there. We're not, as Bunge in the U.S., set up as a -- or our business model is not based on large storage revenue returns. We are much more of a throughput handler with our footprint primarily in the south where crops turn fast, et cetera. So to us, it is not -- it's not a major significant impact on earnings. But the trend is clear that farmers are increasingly in a position to choose how they market their crops.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And in Brazil, how should we think about those crops coming to market? Does it just put more pressure on the logistics business?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, in Brazil, what's clearly happened over the last 2 or 3 years is that the whole infrastructure and, let's say, the ability of companies like ourselves to handle snacks and logistics during harvest, we've gotten better at it. We've invested -- one example is the new port we have in the northern part of Brazil, Tefron, which clearly takes some of the pressure off during the peak. But in general, better planning, investments in transshipment facilities and, certainly, also some interior storage has been added. But in general, we're just better at running the system in Brazil. I don't think there's as much of a shift towards on-farm storage as you might have seen in the U.S. It's more just the industry has gotten better at handling peak crops. And we're better at anticipating trouble, so to speak, whether it's weather or in this year, it was the truck strikes. We've got more ways to deal with the complexity.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Great. I appreciate the color. And then just a quick follow-up on the China environment. Can you talk about what's going on there from a fundamental standpoint rather than just the trading?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I mean -- and China is a very different place from a crush margin perspective, certainly, this year than it was last year. Margins in China have rebounded sharply. This time last year, we were looking at negative gross margins in China, and now, really, for the balance of the year, we are looking at margins that are in the $30-plus range, so covering full cost plus some. So it's a better environment. A lot of the reason, I think, has just been the discipline that comes after a difficult year, which the entire industry experienced. Financial players are essentially out of the picture, so there's not a lot of -- there doesn't seem to be any market distortion as we saw last year. And I think, in general, just more discipline. So margins have improved. Underlying demand is good, so we expect a year of growth in China. And protein demand, an offtake, 5% give and take. So it feels like China has returned to more normal types of behaviors and where it's really underlying demand and fundamentals that determine margins. And so it feels a lot better than it did last year at the same time.
Andrew J. Burke: Given the change to the financial system in China with all of the reforms they have made, we expect that to be a structural shift that -- in a way that business operate that lasts for the longer term versus a temporary movement in market margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Evan Morris with Bank of America.
Evan B. Morris - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just a question first on the oilseeds processing margins. You mentioned that they improved in Brazil and Argentina and should remain good through September. Just -- if you could put a little context around that. Where are the margins now? How do they compare with last year? And I guess, when you say good through September, does that mean sort of in line with current trends? Are you expecting an improvement? Can you just put some context around that?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think, in Brazil, margins are probably about as they were last year, maybe a little bit better. We've got a big crop almost done with the harvest now, but it looks like a 90 million ton plus crop. And so we expect that crush margins and the pace of crush will be -- remain very strong in Brazil through the balance of the year, but particularly, with good margins in the next 4, 5 months as Brazil supplies both its own growing domestic needs but also exports. And in Argentina, a lot of it depends ultimately on farmer selling, but it's a bumper crop. It's the largest crop we've had. And we've got active deliveries of beans to the ports. All the crushing plants are running at full speed. And Argentina has really sort of taken the stage now of global pricing of soybean meal and at good margins. Whereas last year, it was touch and go. So Argentina, really, is an improvement, without a doubt. So I think, in general, if you take South America sort of as a weighted average, margins are better than they were a year ago, and the prospects for the next 4, 5 months are improved.
Evan B. Morris - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just -- you had a big second quarter last year in Agribusiness. You talked about slower farmer selling, possibly differing income. Sugar & Bioenergy was, I guess, more weighted to the second half, and it sounds a little bit like you're tempering maybe the Food & Ingredients growth for a few reasons. And I know it's tough to forecast quarters. Just trying to understand, I guess, the cadence of the year. Is it -- should that -- are you thinking that second quarter total operating profit, I guess, would be below year ago levels before rebounding in the second half? Is that the right way to think about how the rest of the year shapes up?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. You're not far off. I think we'll have a good second quarter. That, I feel comfortable with. But the 2 things we flagged, really, farmer selling on the one side and softseed margins, which are clearly not as good as they were last year. The question, really, is, can soy overcome all that? And it's too early to tell. But it is -- those are the flags we are bringing up. So it will be a good quarter, but it might not be as fantastic as you would've expected earlier in a normal year where everything would be firing on all cylinders. That being said, we still expect that it will be a very strong year in Agribusiness and significantly better than last.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wanted to follow up on the -- on Evan's question on second quarter. So sequentially, slower farmer -- sorry, just slower farmer sales and then sequentially, lower crush margins appear to be kind of pretty factual almost at this point, just given the shift from really strong North American crush margins to the Southern Hemisphere. And then furthermore, granted, this is hard because there's different periods that might contradict this. But generally, guys, I think that the second quarter is the seasonally lowest EBIT quarter of the year. Just to kind of dial into this as much as we can, is that accurate? Is this thing -- would you think that second quarter would be the seasonally lowest EBIT quarter?
Andrew J. Burke: I think, David, things shift year-to-year, as you're aware. I think in the longer term, the first quarter has probably been a little bit weaker than the second. But we are seeing some of the weakness that you've referred to this year. And last year, it was a strong quarter, to put it in perspective. So last year, probably a little bit stronger than usual; this year, a little bit weaker. We're not seeing big moves, and we're not really concerned about the soy margins in the quarter. I think Soren said it well. We've got 2 flags. One is farmer selling, and farmer selling can change quickly based on how commodity prices move, how currency moves and how the farmer reacts. So there's still going to be some movement in that. I think we know that sunseed margins will be off in the second quarter. I don't think we see that changing. But realize, the second quarter isn't the biggest quarter for sunseed. It's about 15% of our crush, et cetera. So on the margin, it's going to affect our results, and you'll see the impact. But it's not the biggest driver of our results on the other hand. So maybe that context helps a little bit.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can I follow one other point here? It's that -- so the Northern Hemisphere crush margins, Q4 and Q1, just as we'd calculate, those board margins were exceptional relative to almost any period in history that I look at. North America, good consolidated market. So again, what I feel so unsure about is, this Q1 and even Q4 were benefiting from that. But that is not true in the second quarter, really shifts to South America. So when you guys describe South American margins as good, I think a lot of investors will kind of compare them to the first quarter. And I just don't even think they do compare. I think South American margins are -- while good, they are much lower than Northern Hemisphere margins from Q4, Q1. Is that fair?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think that's -- that is fair. Your description is correct. But I would say, though, if you take the weighted average of soy crush margins, Dave, between China, Argentina, Paraguay, Brazil, U.S. and Southern Europe, which is where we have our footprint, the weighted average of that, I still feel is as good or maybe even better than it was a year ago. So it is true that some of the extreme goodness of North America, U.S. in particular, may not be there the same way as it was in the past year. But China for sure is making up for a large part of that. And in general, Brazil, Paraguay and Argentina looks better than it did the same time last year.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: That's helpful. Final question for me is, we have this outbreak of avian influenza in the turkeys and in the chickens here. These would be your end customers. What's your assessment of the situation in the United States right now? And what type of impact would it, could it have as the year progresses? And I'm looking for just kind of scale here. Is this a significant issue that we should be worried about regarding the sales of soymeal and other products that you'll sell to those customers?
Soren W. Schroder: I would say that at this point, I wouldn't consider it to be material impact to overall soybean meal demand. I mean, there is an impact, but you're talking about less than 1%, perhaps, of the total soybean meal consumption in the U.S. So at this stage, I wouldn't flag it as a big negative. But these things can spread. I mean, so what's -- I don't know what's going to happen in the next weeks. Hopefully, it'll be contained. And everybody is obviously working hard to make sure that happens. And from what I've read, that seems to be the belief. So at this stage, with what we know, not be a big deal.
Operator: Our next question is from Farha Aslam with Stephens, Inc.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: I wanted to think if [ph] you noticed this, and if you can reiterate your 850 [ph] target for 2017. So in one of your ways of getting that was your SAP system incentivizing your operations. Could you just share with us on the bigger picture where you stand with your SAP implementation and kind of some of that strategic improvement that's been generated by that?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think -- I apologize, but you broke up a little bit. But if I caught the correct -- the question correctly, you're asking where we are on SAP implementation and how we're going to benefit in the long term.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes.
Andrew J. Burke: We are probably 78% to 80% through our SAP implementation. We have some final markets and businesses to finish putting it in place. It will give us a deeper visibility and more real-time information on both the commercial and the cost side. And it'll help us coordinate logistics figure, so we think it will provide a benefit. And that is one of the things our performance improvement teams are very much in focus on as they drive the logistics initiative, they drive our productivity initiatives in our processing facilities and our food facilities is how are they going to be able to leverage that information across the company. We also are very strong in the area of using best-in-class performance and taking our best practice across the company. And we're already able to do that in a lot of our manufacturing operations where SAP is already in place. Even though it's not everywhere, it's in enough places that we can get a significant advantage from it.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up on that North American farmer selling. What gives you the confidence that the farmer will go ahead and sell in the second half of the year while you're holding back right now? I mean, this is now the third harvest that's going to come. And is there enough capacity for them to continue to hold crops because I think they haven't really sold the last 2?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. At the moment, you're in sort of the season where farmers are in the field. They're planting their crops. Their thoughts are not necessarily on selling grain. But it is a fact that on-farm storage of crops, corn in particular, is at an all-time record high. So although a lot of storage space has been added in North America over the last several years, you would expect that with another large crop, which we expect, that marketing pattern should return to something more normal in the second half, but maybe not the second half, but the last 4 months of the year.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: And so just this improved on-farm storage capacity, do you think that grain storage in the U.S., which is sort of underowned over the last year or 2 is a permanent shift in terms of downtick in earnings opportunities because of this better-capitalized farmer and more on-farm storage? Or do you think it's a temporary issue that was a result of the 2012 SAP?
Soren W. Schroder: No. I think that -- well, first of all, Bunge's business model in grain in North America is not really based on storing large amounts of crop. We're more of a handler. And our asset footprint, particularly in the southern part of the United States, reflects that. I do think that this -- that there is a shift that's taking place that's not going away. Farmers are increasingly in a position to store their crops to the extent that they have the financial wherewithal to do it.
Farha Aslam - Stephens Inc., Research Division: So would you think that same-storage income is going to lower in the U.S. or North America [indiscernible] that it has been in the past?
Soren W. Schroder: It's difficult to predict, really. The fact that there is a lot more on-farm storage means that there is competition for commercial storage. That's clear. But ultimately, it really depends on the size of the crop. And we just don't know how big it's going to be yet. So you could still have wide carries with the existing amount of on-farm storage, assuming that we have another record crop. We just don't know yet.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Tiberio -- I'm sorry, Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: I have a question on capital allocation. I was a bit surprised that didn't get a little bit more commentary on the forward buyback outlook. How should we be thinking about, I guess, your prioritization of cash return versus maybe increased M&A opportunity as we enter 2015?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think Drew said it, and we've repeated it in the last several calls, that we are committed to a balanced capital allocation approach where we evaluate the best long-term returns for shareholders across the spectrum of ways that we can spend fund from operations. And we are committed to that. And I think we demonstrated that again in the first quarter with the buyback. We will continue to stay true to that. So on an ongoing basis, we'll evaluate where best returns are, and clearly, bolt-on M&A is a piece of that. We had a small bolt-on in the first quarter. We will continue to look for things like that, that complement our existing Food & Ingredients business and have strong ties into Agribusiness. And so as the year progresses, we will just make those calls, and that's really all I can say. We're committed to a balanced approach.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's fair enough. And I guess, on the M&A side, it sounds like bolt-on acquisitions versus transformational acquisitions are still kind of your thought process at this point. Is that fair?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. At this point, that's right, yes.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last question. I know you expanded into Canada with this partnership with the Canadian Wheat Board organization. My understanding that there's still some limited port capacity in Vancouver, but I know you've invested quite considerably in the Pacific Northwest over the couple last years. Can you kind of frame up for us what's the -- how you're thinking about the long-term EBIT potential from this partnership? And will this require more in-country CapEx, potentially on the West Coast of Canada?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the acquisition in partnership with the [indiscernible] of the Canadian Wheat Board is, in a way, sort of the first step in completing what we know has been the missing piece of Bunge's global Agribusiness footprint in Canada. And so our focus over the next months as we -- well, first of all, we have to close. And then subsequently, it's about integrating the existing Canadian Wheat Board assets with those of Bunge and completing the build-out of what the Wheat Board has already started, a number of facilities that are sort of halfway completed that'll be state-of-the-art, that will fit right into what we've got. And so by then, we will have an eastern footprint that really is quite excellent. The second stage then will be looking at how do we expand west. And we can't get into too much detail at this point, but that is clearly in our thoughts. How can we leverage that footprint then into how we access West Coast flows more efficiently, whether that is partly through our existing terminal in the U.S. or whether that means new opportunities in the Canadian West Coast. That remains to be determined, but it's clearly on our mind.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess the first question is, thinking -- or maybe going back to the capital allocation question in the Wheat Board and buybacks in thinking both on the Wheat Board, can you just quantify how much cash, if any, you're actually putting into the JV? And then what do you think kind of the actual capital inflow you're going to need to be on the hook for there?
Andrew J. Burke: We have not yet fully disclosed the financing of the Wheat Board transaction and what the structure will be, so I don't want to get out ahead of ourselves here. But I think it's important to remember 2 things that, one, a large part of our contribution will be our recent Canadian asset, so that is transferring existing assets in versus using cash to fund our portion of that transaction; and secondly, upon the establishment of the new entity, the structure of the deal was specifically made, so we have the ability to use cash that'll be in that entity to expand the business. And we very much would like to invest in appropriate assets in Canada and support the Canadian farmer and give the Canadian farmer as much opportunity as he can to market his grains effectively.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But I guess the takeaway there is that we shouldn't be thinking what the CWB and the increased Canadian presence as materially changing the CapEx outlook you laid out at the Analyst Day and the opportunity for incremental cash that they can go back to shareholders via repurchased over time. Is that a fair assessment?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. The CapEx that we presented at Investor Day, by and large, will stay as we presented it, yes.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe switching gears to Farha's -- kind of taking Farha's question in a little bit different light. You talked about $325 million of EBIT improvement from cost efficiency actions in Agribusiness and Food & Ingredients through 2017. I'm sure and I hope this is something you're tracking rigorously internally. Can you help us think through how much has actually been achieved to date? How much of that $325 million should start -- should be expected to contribute to 2015 earnings, and how that layers through the next couple of years as you execute on those actions?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I -- we do track it. We track it monthly, and we track it, obviously, quarterly. So for the first quarter, I'd say somewhere around $30 million; $20 million in Food and $10 million to $15 million in Agribusiness is what flowed through the P&L. And that will gather -- that will grow in size as the year progresses. And we expect that we will be somewhere between $90 million and $100 million between Agribusiness and Food at year end. And 2016 will be a step-up from that. And as you said correctly, the combined impact of Food and Agribusiness by 2017 will be the $325 million. So that's the type of progression we are looking at.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just to be clear, that was $30 million in -- of -- in the quarter or $30 million annualized run rate? I just want to be clear on that.
Soren W. Schroder: In the quarter between Food and Ag combined.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research: So I know we're all -- there's a lot of talk about the second quarter. But could we bring it down a little bit? In terms of this quarter itself, it sounds like you had exceeded your expectations or came in line with your expectations. Could you first answer that?
Soren W. Schroder: I would say that it was a good quarter, maybe on the higher side of our expectations but not far off.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research: Okay. And then how does that translate for the full year? Rather than just the second quarter, there seems to be some moving around of -- mark-to-market seems like that between first and second. But for the full year, what is the expectation relative to where we started out because it sounds, again, like things are playing out more positively in the ag industry?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I think we certainly expect a better year in ag than we had last year for the full year. And as you can see, we're off to a good start. Q2, who knows? It's a little -- still too early to tell, but we mostly are talking about a shift in earnings. So if you look at the full year in Agribusiness, it should be a very good year, better than last year. And if you look at Food, although we do have some headwinds in some of the markets where currency translation is an issue, we are largely able to overcome it through our performance improvements, the ones that I just mentioned. And so Food will be a nice step-up in earnings. So the combination of both, really, should make for a good -- for a very good 2015 and, as we've indicated, on a nice path towards the $8.50 in 2017. So overall, it looks very good.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Equity Research: Okay. When you think about that path to $8.50, I don't know if I asked the question at CAGNY. I just kind of want to -- 1 quarter under your belt maybe not the best time to estimate it. We'll get a little bit further there. Do you think that the progression through to -- to your $8.50 number is evenly weighted through the years, a little bit weighted earlier, given the operating environment? Or how do you kind of see the progression between now and getting to your $8.50 number? And has it changed since CAGNY?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I mean, stopping short of guidance, I would say it is -- it's probably more linear but with the usual variations that you always have to expect can happen within our type of industry.
Operator: Our next question is from Rob Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This will just be kind of, I think, modeling types of questions. Your oilseeds and grains breakout that you're providing. In terms of proportion to each other, is that pretty typical with oilseeds 3x the size of the profit contribution between the 2? Tough question.
Soren W. Schroder: That's a tough question because it is very seasonal, and it is very quarterly. But I think it is fair to say that the majority structural earnings of Bunge should come out of the oilseed bucket. Any given quarter, that can, of course, be different. But the majority of the earnings power in a normal year should be in the oilseeds section.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I would agree to that. It tilts towards oilseeds but maybe not in the exact proportions we're seeing in the first -- yes, first quarter.
Soren W. Schroder: No, the first quarter may not be an indication of that. More as it relates probably to the asset base that Drew was mentioning, which is more of a 60-40 split in favor of oilseeds being larger. That's probably more of a normal -- if there is a normal distribution, that's probably more like it.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And the reason that return on asset is higher in oilseeds is because it's crushing operations that tend to get good margins. Is that the primary reason?
Andrew J. Burke: I think if you look at the balance, you'll tend to see the oilseeds a little bit more oriented towards assets that are fixed assets, which tend to provide higher returns. And you see that expressed in the crush margins. Typically, in businesses that are more flow business with some -- with a more working capital type of structure, you'll tend to see a little bit lower margin. So I think that's correct. Also realizing that you're getting a little bit tilt towards Agribusiness because we've -- towards grains because we've put all of our service income over there to give you some more clarity and insight where actually some of that service income is earned working on things for the oilseeds side of the house.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, I'll follow up on that one. And then for Food & Ingredients, did you quantify what the currency hit for the year is going to be in terms of profit?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, what we estimate at the moment is that the foreign exchange impact in our Food earnings is -- could be somewhere around $30 million to $50 million, call it $40 million. And that some of that, we will be able to offset by our improvement programs that I -- as I described. So if you want to sort of go back to Investor Day and some of the other indications we've given last year about the expectations of a good Food year in 2015, you would've come to somewhere around $370 million. And so that was our expectation as we started out the year. And now it's going to be a little bit less than that, in all likelihood, but not dramatically so.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then last question. Grains had a big quarter, I guess, because of the Middle Eastern trade that you did. And it was a high-margin trade. Is there any reason to believe that you couldn't do that again in second quarter because of the size of the North American crop? Is that the driver that provides that ability?
Soren W. Schroder: I'm not sure exactly what you're referencing there. Our grain results were a combination of good results across many geographies. Grain origination in Brazil, for example, was a very big contributor and should be again in the second quarter. So it's not one business that created the result in the first quarter.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, it's not an outsized result or a special result in the fourth quarter. It would be typical -- the business reacted in a way that would be typical of what we'd expect on an ongoing basis.
Mark Haden: And Rob, the export programs you're referring to were in -- more in oilseeds.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: More in Oilseeds, okay. So that's where it lies. Okay. Is there any reason to believe that, that couldn't continue into second quarter?
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think we should expect to have good oilseed trading and distribution results also in the second quarter. I mean, we've got a -- it's a global franchise. We've got activities everywhere in the Mediterranean, in the Northern Europe, in Southeast Asia, in the Caribbean. So it's a big portfolio of distribution that is tightly closed and closely linked to our crushing business. But yes, we -- second quarter should be a good quarter for that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones. Drew, what -- I'm sorry, what did you say for share repurchase for all of 2015? You did -- I think you said $200 million in the first quarter. What happens from here?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. Dave -- David, we didn't do a forecast of share repurchases, and we tend not to. We'll continue our capital allocation processes of looking at our various options. Share repurchase is something that is part of our plans as our bolt-on acquisitions and some other things, but those are the -- probably the 2 most variable at the moment. And we'll look at the opportunities in each, and see where we think we can create the most value for shareholders and react accordingly.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can you remind me what remains on your repurchase authorization?
Andrew J. Burke: Our current purchase authorization has expired. And we are in the process of discussing with our board a potential new program.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, okay. So maybe there's something more to say later on. On Food & Ingredients, I think the target is, hopefully, if my memory is right, $425 million in segment earnings by 2016. The question -- hopefully, I got that right. But the question is that given your comments, Soren, about the foreign exchange environment, in your opinion, is that target still safe by 2016? Or would you kind of haircut it because of the ForEx issues going on now?
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think -- I mean, there is so much time between now and then that I would say that should still be our target. So no, I would not haircut that. I think this year, the haircut is a little bit like I just described. But I think we should still -- that is the target we are still aiming for, and I believe it's realistic.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on FX. $30 million to $50 million in Food & Ingredients, what's the benefit of -- from FX in Agribusiness and Sugar? Or put in another way, what's the net FX impact for the company in '15 given current rates?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I would say, on balance, we believe the net for Bunge is a positive. You can discuss how much it is. But clearly, Agribusiness is benefiting from the opposite effects that the Food & Ingredients has. It encourages farmer selling. It reduces our cost. And to the extent that it continued to hold dollar margins as we have, it should be a net positive throughout the year.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll see you next quarter.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. We thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-12 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden -  Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada Tyler Lee Etten - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Quarter 4 2014 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Yolanda, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. You may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Yolanda, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, and welcome to everybody. Bunge finished 2014 with higher year-over-year returns and strong cash flows. During the year, we focused on returns, clarity of strategy and execution, and made substantial progress on improvement programs across all segments. We have generated strong momentum. We're excited for 2015, and we are confident in our ability to meet our overall growth and return targets. Fourth quarter results were about $50 million below our target after adjusting for charges in sugar milling and mark-to-market impacts in Agribusiness and applying our normalized tax rate of 28%. So we did well, but we should have done better. Let me offer a little more detail on the results in each of the segments. In Agribusiness, we managed margins and flows well for the quarter, and our risk management approach was modest. Our North American and European operations performed exceptionally well, capitalizing on strong soy processing margins and executing large export programs. Grain origination had an excellent quarter in North America on the back of big crops and strong export demand. We have 60% less soy bought for new crop in Brazil compared to last year, and as we expect, record crops will see origination activity pick up sharply as harvests move into full swing during March and April. The transition from North America to South America this year should be smooth with less tension in supply and demand compared to prior years, and therefore, lower execution costs. The quarter was, however, negatively impacted by crush performance in China. While underlying demand for protein and oil continues to grow at a strong pace in China, industry capacity has grown just as quickly, leading to margin pressures that negatively impacted results throughout 2014. We did not realize a seasonal improvement in margins during Q4, and as the soybean basis delivered China moved sharply lower during the last part of December the adjusted downward devaluation of our inventory pipeline. This generated a loss of $30 million, which compounded an already challenged margin situation. Contrary to last year, the inverse in soybean prices delivered China is now minimal, and therefore, the margin risk profile is much reduced. Our ongoing approach to crush in China will emphasize smaller pipelines and increased commercial agility. One of our primary focus areas in Agribusiness is working capital management, and we did well in optimizing margins around the smaller capital base, which is reflected in a cash cycle reduced by 10%. In some cases, we passed on margin opportunities which did not have appropriate returns, and this discipline will continue. However, with larger crops, growth in trades, solid crush margins, $50 million for improvement programs in crush and logistics, reversal of the $80 million in mark-to-market hedges and new facilities on full stream in Brazil, Tefron; North America, Altona; and the Black Sea, Nikolayev, we are confident that we will grow both EBIT and returns during 2015. Food & Ingredients results were strong but not quite the record we expected. As many of our food activities are local currency based, the extreme foreign exchange volatility towards the end of the year created some headwinds. In Mexico, we experienced a $5 million negative effect from inventory valuations, which will reverse in 2015. In the Ukraine, we had a negative impact of $7 million as the local currency depreciated choppy towards the end of the year. Taking that into account, the quarter was a good one, especially in Brazil oils, North American packaging, and our Indian fats and oils businesses. Wheat milling in both Mexico and Brazil performed very well, and we are pleased with the integration and growth prospects in Mexico. Across both milling and oils, our commercial and operational improvement programs are on track, and we were able to offset most of the market headwinds during Q4. On top of volume growth of 3% in this year, those programs will generate approximately $40 million in earnings in 2015, and we, therefore, expect earnings in Food & Ingredients to grow nicely. While we continue to look for ways to reduce exposure to Brazilian sugarcane milling, our focus is to keep improving operations and to achieve our short-term financial targets. We made significant progress during 2014 in reducing fixed cost and improving harvesting and planting efficiencies. We have reduced replanting of canes to 35,000 hectares per annum, which will support an area of 175,000 hectares over time, down from 200,000 hectares. This level will still enable us to crush at full capacity with strong focus on yield improvement and ATR. We have route programs in place to improve both OEE and industrial yields at our mills, and our industrial team is focused and motivated. Combined with a better outlook for ethanol pricing in Brazil, strong power markets and our sugar hedging program, we are confident that 2015 will be better than 2014. Sugar trading activities finished a positive year, and we are happy with the prospects to grow this activity. So overall, 2014 was a strong year for Bunge on many fronts. We substantially achieved our financial targets, especially the ROIC of our combined Agri-Food business which ended up at 8.4%. Our sugar activities are stable, and the outlook in Brazil has improved. We have a clear strategy and growth objectives for the next 3 to 5 years, carry around capital allocation, and our improvement programs across all segments are on track. As we look into 2015, we are confident that our earnings growth and an Agri-Food ROIC target of at least 9%, the strong overall cash generation that will support both bolt-on acquisition and share repurchases, and we are confident about a nice growth trend towards our 2017 EPS and ROIC targets of $8.50 and 10%, respectively. Now I'll turn the call over to Drew, who will take you through the financial performance and outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thanks, Soren, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Slide 4 in our earnings highlights. Our total segment EBIT for the quarter was $271 million. This includes noncash impairment charges of $133 million related to our industrial sugar business. The impairment charge reflects the write-down of $113 million related to machinery and equipment, primarily at our Monte Verde production facility and $20 million of restructuring charges. Our total quarterly segment EBIT adjusted for impairment and restructuring charges was $409 million and slightly above the prior year. Our full year EBIT was $1.2 billion, which was $73 million below the prior year. Both the quarterly and full year results were negatively impacted by $80 million in new mark-to-market charges caused by hedge crush margins in our North American Oilseeds business and hedge bunker fuel positions related to our ocean freight contracts. Agribusiness had an adjusted quarterly EBIT of $319 million versus $346 million in the prior year. The $80 million mark-to-market hedging effect was similar in size to what we experienced in the third quarter. As that effect was realized into earnings during the fourth quarter, new mark-to-market effects replaced it. These will reverse to income during the first half of 2015, and therefore, add to an already good outlook for the year. Our North American Oilseeds business had record earnings. Crush margins were strong throughout the quarter supported by strong demand, a large harvest and limited South American export competition. South America performance was slightly below prior year due to limited farmer selling, and Europe was weaker than the strong prior year, primarily due to reduced sunseed margins. Asia had a disappointing quarter as margins were weaker than prior year and we incurred a $30 million loss on a value of our soybean pipeline. Our grain business performed above prior year as North America benefited from excellent execution, large crops and strong export demand. South America performed well on farmer selling of new crop corn, and European results were strong as we executed on our large program of shipments booked earlier in the year and realized the related margins. In Food & Ingredients, adjusted EBIT was $83 million and in line with prior year. Our edible oils business was slightly above prior year as strong performance in India and in U.S. packaged oils were offset by weaknesses in Europe, primarily due to the negative impact of currency and the economic situation in Ukraine. In the United States, higher packaged oil results were driven by increased volumes and margins and lower costs resulting from performance improvement initiatives to improve profitability, returns and our cost structure. Brazil performed in line with the prior year. Milling results were lower than the prior year as decline in corn milling more than offset the increase in wheat milling results. Corn milling reported both lower volumes and margins. Wheat milling benefited from the addition of the Mexican wheat mills, which continue to perform well and meet their synergy targets. Our annual EBIT of $300 million is a new record for Food & Ingredients and reflects the results of our performance management initiatives and the acquisition of the Mexican wheat mills. Our improvement initiatives continue to achieve their targets on growing customer relationships, innovation and cost reduction. Our adjusted EBIT for Sugar & Bioenergy is a loss of $9 million versus a loss of $35 million in the prior year. Industrial results were improved from prior year as cost reductions and higher margins and volumes in our cogeneration business offset the impact of lower sugar and ethanol prices. We performed below our expectations as our crush volume was below projections. Our biofuels business in both the United States and Argentina performed above prior year. Our merchandising results were below prior year. A key goal for the year was to operate our sugar milling business on a cash-neutral business -- basis. Adjusting for the impact of additional inventories carried into 2015 to enhance margins and certain machinery purchases pull-forward from 2015, we achieved that goal. The 2015 capital expenditure budget has been reduced to reflect the impact of the earlier machinery purchases. Our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter and year are $1.20 and $4.19, respectively. Let's turn to Slide 5 for a discussion of our tax rate. Our tax rate as reported is 32% and higher than the tax rate we forecasted earlier in the year of 23%. As stated previously, we do not recognize any tax benefits in our industrial sugar business. As a result, the impairment charges of $133 million had the effect of increasing our tax rate by 4 points. Our earnings mix increased the rate by an additional 5% as we had stronger earnings in the United States, where you have a high marginal tax rate and lower earnings in certain tax entities where we either do not recognize a tax benefit on losses or a tax that is significantly lower rate. These lower results occurred in the Brazil sugar entities, certain Asian businesses and some merchandising entities. These 2 items together bring us to our forecasted rate of 23%. While we continue to use 23% as our long-term effective rate, we are forecasting approximately 25% for 2015. The higher 2015 forecast reflects the strong earnings outlook for North America, particularly in the first half of the year where we have the most visibility. It also assumes our industrial sugar business operates at a modest profit. In the earnings highlights and tax slides, I have mentioned a number of special items, specifically $133 million in impairment and restructuring charges in our sugar milling operations, $80 million in mark-to-market charges that will reverse in 2015, and our tax rate. If we calculate our earnings per share for the quarter and year adjusted for those impacts and using a normalized tax rate of 28%, we come to quarterly earnings per share of $2.18 a share and a full year earnings per share of $5.25 a share. We consider 28% to be normalized tax rate for the year as tax benefits recorded as notables arise from strategies that were implemented in 2014 that will continue to provide benefits going forward. Let's turn to Slide 6 and return on invested capital. As Soren mentioned, this is a primary area of focus for us. We remain very disciplined on working capital management and CapEx spending. This focus has allowed us to significantly improve performance for 2013 and achieve results in line with our 2014 target despite the headwinds of the mark-to-market adjustment and the higher tax rate. Specifically, Bunge Limited's return on invested capital for 2014 is 6.6%, including the Sugar & Bioenergy segment but excluding the impairment charge. This compares to 5.8% in the prior year. Excluding the sugar segment and focusing on our core Agri and Food businesses, our return on invested capital is 8.4%, up from 7.5% in 2013 and in line with our target for the year of 8.5%. For 2015, we expect a return on invested capital of at least 9% for our combined Agri and Food businesses. Let's turn to Slide 7 and our cash flow highlights. We generated $1.4 billion in cash from operating activities in 2014, comprising $1.1 billion of funds from operations and $266 million from changes in working capital. This is the second year in a row of strong cash generation. We continue to manage -- maintain a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. At December 31, we had $4.5 billion of funding available under our committed credit lines. Let's turn to Slide 8 and our capital allocation model. We continue to use our capital allocation model to allocate our funds. Our first goal is to maintain our investment-grade credit rating, and we manage our balance sheet and cash flow accordingly. After that, we allocate funds to dividends, share buybacks, capital expenditures and acquisitions based on the alternative that provides the best long-term return to our shareholders. In 2014, we invested $839 million in capital expenditures, which was below our planned amount; purchased $300 million in shares; and paid dividends of $230 million. M&A activity was not significant in 2014, but bolt-on acquisitions remain a part of our growth strategy. We will continue to allocate capital following this model going forward. Let's turn to Slide 9 and the 2015 outlook. Overall, Agribusiness market conditions remained favorable as big supplies were met with solid underlying demand. Large crops in both hemispheres at lower prices have increased consumption and trade flows. In Oilseeds, the USDA is projecting 5% demand growth for soy meal and vegetable oil. The U.S. supply position is good, and we are expecting large crops in South America. U.S. and European soy crush margins remained strong and plant utilization to remain high until South America new crop comes to market. The South American season will start soon, and given the anticipated size of the crop and expected base of farmer selling, margins should be good. The China crush market should be less volatile but overcapacity headwinds will remain. Our European sunseed margins may be pressured by farmer retention of sunseeds, but rapeseed margins should be steady. Please turn to Slide 10. In grains, corn and wheat combined consumption is expected to grow about 2% year-over-year, which translates into 58 million metric tons. The U.S. farmer is holding sizable corn inventories, which should come to market in the first half of the year. The market will transition to South American supply in the March-April timeframe. The Brazilian farmers have sold less of new crop than typical at this point, so origination volume should be high. Our logistics are in place, and we should be advantaged in our ability to execute. Argentine results will be dependent on farmer selling. Overall, our European distribution business should do well. Our Food & Ingredients business is expected to have another strong year as our performance improvement initiatives continue to drive volumes and margins. The appreciation of the dollar will bring margin pressure and translation impacts, but overall prospect for earnings growth remains strong. Please turn to Slide 11. The market environment for ethanol in Brazil has improved. The institution of the CIDE tax and the increase in the blending rate from 25% to 27% both support margins. Our cost-reduction and productivity programs are showing results in both the agriculture and production areas. We have hedged most of our sugar sales at acceptable levels. As a result, we expect the sugar business to be modestly profitable and cash flow positive in 2015. The trading & merchandising business should also contribute to results. Overall, we expect to achieve a return on invested capital of 9% or better for our combined Agri and Food businesses on stronger earnings and continued discipline on working capital. We will now turn the call back to Yolanda to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ann Duignan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Ann Duignan here. Can you talk a little bit more about the fundamentals of ethanol in Brazil? Just, I know the increased tax and the increased blending are a positive. What about the impact of lower oil prices and the real? Are there any other positives or negatives going into '15?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, in reality, probably not much to report in the sense that the price of gasoline in Brazil is fixed. So while the reduced overall crude oil price and global gasoline prices kind of have come down, thereby creating an import margin to Brazil at the moment, it is not likely that the government is going to change the fixed price of gasoline anytime soon. And that import margin, while it exists on the front end, it becomes significantly less as you look over the curve with the weaker real over time. So I think the gasoline price in Brazil for the foreseeable future is fixed, and the increase in the CIDE tax now gives about a -- probably about BRL 150 to BRL 275 per cubic meter boost to ethanol pricing, all else equal. And that really means that ethanol consumption should improve quite significantly as the pump ratio to the consumer is more favorable.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. I appreciate that. And then can you talk about the strike on the West Coast, whether that's impacting your ability to get crops out of the United States?
Soren W. Schroder: No, we have not been impacted by that. We had a very good program through EGT at Longview this past quarter, and it continues to run very smoothly. So we have not been impacted by that.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And you don't anticipate any impact going forward?
Soren W. Schroder: No, we don't.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A question in Agribusiness and trying to think through the outlook and evaluate. How, if at all, has the outlook changed in some of the key business areas relative to the analyst meeting in December? And how did the 4Q performance in Agribusiness hit your expectations as you thought -- where you thought you'd be at the analyst meeting in December? Or was it the ultimate of [ph] the China inventory adjustment, the negative European sunseed, farmer selling in Brazil, et cetera.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, let's maybe start with the last part first. I think relative to where we were in the early part of December, we did as we expected with the exception of roughly $30 million or $50 million. As I mentioned, the Chinese inventory adjustment was something that happened towards the end of December that we couldn't have foreseen. So that's really the surprise, I would say, from -- or the disappointing part from my perspective for the quarter. If you add the $80 million of mark-to-market back in, which flowed into 2015, you would have had a $400 million Agribusiness quarter, which was reasonable, but again, $30 million to $50 million short of what I would have expected at that time. But in the quarter, I would say that we did better than I thought we would have. In North America, it went from being a very good quarter to a very, very good quarter and probably, a little bit less so in European softseeds. But on balance, we came out more or less as we expected with the exception of the adjustment in China. Looking into 2015, I think on balance, everything is more or less as we expected. Maybe a little bit of an extension of the U.S. crushing season. I think we are now looking -- you see export sales week on week continue at a brisk pace. So maybe we would have said march is when things change and shift to South America. Now we're talking probably more like April, so the U.S. might have bought itself another month of good run rate, so good margins, so that's an improvement. But other than that, I think everything else is as we outlined: big crops in South America, good margins in Brazil. Argentina, obviously, will be a bit of a question mark until we get there for the reasons of the financial volatility in that market. But our belief is that farmers will sell a fair amount of beans at harvest. And in Europe, we didn't really expect softseed crush to be anything substantial in terms of contribution until we get into the new crop with rapeseed in May-June and sunseed in August-September. So on balance, I think it is more or less as we expected. Maybe the U.S. has bought itself 1 more month of good run rates.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And maybe just on China on the crush side. I mean, 2014 was a very tough year for yourselves and really the whole industry there. But the outlook commentary kind of you did point to continued overcapacity in the industry there. And has that made you rethink some of the investments that you've made in the space there and the need to actually be in crush in China rather than, say, in export or out of Brazil in the U.S. and keep the crushing in the Western Hemisphere?
Soren W. Schroder: I think last year was an exceptional year in terms of volatility and complexity in China. Not only did you have the overcapacity situation that we described, but you also had the impact of many of the financial players who got entangled in commodity flows, which compounded all this. So 2014 is probably not a good reference point for what's coming. We do believe things will normalize. But that being said, margins in China are likely to be, I'd say, fair, not bad but somewhere in the middle of the road, if I can put it that way. But don't forget that China is, at the end of the day, the completion of a value chain that starts in Mato Grosso or someplace in the U.S. And so when we look at the value of being in China, it's not just the margin we earn in China; it's the ability to connect the flows from farm to crushing plant, the destination plant logistics and secure outlets. And within that context, knowing that last year was really a record year for us in overall oilseeds, China has a place and will continue to have. But that being said, we can do things, and we're taking measures to be more agile. We do some of the exposure we've had historically, and the pipeline is smaller. But China, we have a great footprint. We have a good team. It'll continue to be a big feature of Bunge and a very important piece of, of course, leading overall supply and demand in the world market with China representing, I don't know, 65%, 70% of world trade. So we're happy with what we've got. We can improve a few things, which we are working on, but last year was -- I don't think, will repeat.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. Then maybe just last from me on the capital allocation front. Looking ahead, I know the investment-grade rating remains a kind of critical kind of foundation for how you think of your capital. But help us evaluate or think through incremental sort -- the opportunity to take on a little bit more leverage in the context of that rating and the appetite to do so for M&A versus repurchase looking into '15 to '16.
Andrew J. Burke: I think as we look into '15, while we don't give guidance, as you know, Adam, I did mention we do expect an increase in earnings. So we do expect a result, an increase in funds from operations as we move into next year. And when we do our planning at this time of the year, we kind of do it on a -- mostly on a working-capital-neutral basis. Maybe some increase is focused in there to represent the growth in the business. But as you know, commodity prices are -- we are not certain going out in the future, so it's not a big part of our planning other than we keep the liquidity capacity available to ensure we can fund whatever is necessary so we have the ability to move. So it -- as we've entered into this year, you assume a number for FFO to be a little bit bigger than last year's $1,100,000,000-plus. We would probably allocate a portion of that again. As we said today, the CapEx -- the dividends are quite certain, and then the numbers that are a little bit more variable, although CapEx is continually updated and looked at, so there's some variability. But the numbers that are more variable or what would be returned to shareholders vis-à-vis what we may do in the acquisition arena. We went through that process last year and allocated $300 million to purchase shares, and we didn't allocate much to M&A because the opportunities weren't there. We'll follow that same process this year. So how much will go to shareholders versus M&A will depend on what opportunities are in the market and what we can realize. From a rating agency standpoint, we think our ratios have gotten into a place where they're in very good shape. We always want to see them improve and be better around the investment grade, so we'll continue to stress that. But if we stay disciplined on our capital management and continue to grow cash flow, I think the investment-grade rating will take care of itself. The key is that we deliver on what we said we would do.
Operator: Our next question is from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Cornell Burnette in with a few questions for David. Just want to talk a little bit about mark-to-market. I believe back in the first quarter, there were about $50 million in mark-to-market losses related to ocean freight, which I believe weren't expected to reverse out until, I believe, the first half of 2015. So want to know if I got that right. And then just in general, that included -- inclusive of the $80 million mark-to-market loss in the fourth quarter would imply that there's something like $130 million of benefits from mark-to-market in the first half of 2015. So just want to see if that's correct.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the $80 million that we mentioned, which is a combination of bunker hedges and crush margin expansion in the U.S., will definitely reverse in 2015 and most of it in the first half. The $50 million from Q1, I don't think we can plan [ph] that as that will reverse because what's happening between then and now is that overall freight rates have declined. So that what, at that time, would have been a 2015 picture where we had ocean freight inventory below the market, now I would say is more or less at market. So I think you should calculate or you should consider the $80 million as coming back as a matter of doing your models.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then looking at your ROIC targets for Agribusiness and Food, going to 9% return next year versus 8.4% last year seems to imply about a $100 million improvement combined from those 2 segments. And I wanted to know, given the fact that you'll have an $80 million benefit from mark-to-market presumably next year, how much better can the number be versus kind of that 9% figure that you gave out?
Andrew J. Burke: Cornell, I mean, we did phrase it in terms of at least 9%. As you know, as we look forward, we need to forecast earnings and what our balance sheet will be, which, in a commodity business, has a lot of volatility and can move. But I would say if your point is that the 9% feels conservative in the current environment, I would say that that's fair, but there's a lot of the year to get to. But I would say it is on the conservative side. To frame it a little bit, if we had, had the $80 million mark-to-market had stayed in '14, we would have come close to the 9% in '14.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Right, right. Exactly. And then one more question is just -- obviously, we'll see a large crop expected in South America. I guess, we'll start to see better selling from farmers as we move closer to the harvest. Just wanted to get your take on how things are progressing now and what's your read on farmer selling during the first quarter.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, harvest so far is about 10% progressed. That's below last year's pace at the same time, so we're starting a little bit later in Brazil, and overall selling pace is well behind last year. I think we figure about 25% so far has been priced versus probably closer to 40% in prior years. So there's a lot of pent-up farmer selling that should occur over the next, really, 2 months in Brazil, and we're beginning to see it. The weakness in the real over the last days and weeks is clearly creating more activity. And so I'd say origination activity is, at the moment, is fairly brisk, and we expect that will continue over the next weeks.
Operator: Our next question is from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Soren, with regard to your comments on increased capacity in the oilseed space in China, can you kind of frame up how much of the crush margin pressure is a result of capacity building versus the fact that China really has been in a process of substantial high herd contraction? I think sell herds are down 12% in the country. And looking at that backdrop, can you kind of explain why you think outside of -- obviously, the edible oil space, why that would be necessarily more positive for 2015 versus 2014 if we're in a situation where you're not seeing as much high [ph] expansion in China?
Soren W. Schroder: It is true that profitability in [indiscernible] particular has been challenged over the last year or so, but we still expect roughly a 4 million tonne increase -- 3 million to 4 million tonne increase in soybean imports to China in this coming season. And from what we can tell from our plants and our own marketing in China, meal is disappearing at roughly a 5% year-on-year increase. So there is still growth in China in protein consumption without a doubt, irrespective of the profitability, and we believe that, that will continue into the next year. But it is not the same, let's say, rate of growth as we've experienced in the last years. And so we're a bit more cautious about how we, let's say, position ourselves relative to margins, and we'll take a more measured approach to how we manage margins. So China, I'll say, is a bit of a flag for overall growth in soy trade, but it will still grow next year.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Great. And then my next question, looking at expansion of port terminal capacity in the Northern Arc within Brazil, there's been, I guess, mixed commentary around the improvement of road conditions through the Amazon and the capacity to -- I guess get products to those terminals in relation to the capacity that has been built. Can you just kind of give us a sense of how you're feeling the traffic congestion in first half of 2015 and whether it may take a little bit longer to actually tap into that obviously latent demand that everyone is expecting because of the transportation benefit towards the Northern Arc of Brazil?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I mean, this will be the first full year that we operate from our new terminal in Barcarena. We put have about 1 million tonnes through that last year, and this year, we're up and running now just as harvest is starting. So it will be an important, say, relief valve for us and will take the pressure off the flows that are going south, and we expect to run several million tonnes through there this year. Don't forget that a big piece of the journey from Mato Grosso to the terminal is by barge. So the collection point is in Itaituba [ph], where we load grain onto barges and then transport the barge up to the terminal. No different than we do on the Mississippi River in the United States. And so far, I believe we'll be able to do that without any major interruption. The key long term to this so is that we connect those barge-loading facilities with rail, and that is in the planning stages. It will take a few years before that's completed, I believe, but that is in the long-term planning. So ultimately, the efficiency of this quarter will have to become a combination of rail to barge to terminal, very much like you see in the U.S. That will be the most efficient way, and that's the way things are moving.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. But as far as the return profile, it doesn't seem that you're concerned that potentially port terminal capacity could get out ahead of the ability of the transportation infrastructure to keep up.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think actually, this year is another year of where the industry, and certainly, Bunge has been able to plan well ahead of time. And planning and predictability, and hopefully, no -- well, it depends on whether you want rain or not, but the fact that it is rather dry at the moment creates no disruptions. And I really believe that we'll be able to execute the first 2 months of the program in Brazil without any major hiccups. It looks like it's even -- it looks like it's even more smooth than it was last year at the same time.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: So I have a couple of questions. One is, how much of your total capacity of ag business is in China? And what was the full impact of China in 2014?
Soren W. Schroder: Of our total crushing capacity, boy, I would say probably about -- hold on a second, let me do the math. Probably about -- yes, between 10% and 15%. So it's important, but it is not overwhelming. And I don't really want to get into the specific P&Ls of any regions but to tell you that we obviously feel we could have done better. But if within the context of our global oilseed franchise, which includes the origin as well, we had a very good year. In fact, it was a record in global oilseeds last year. So that's good. You should see it within that context, but we could have done better. Clearly, this -- the $30 million we talked about at the end of December didn't have to be -- we could have done better.
Andrew J. Burke: But Ken, I think while we're not -- we won't disclose the numbers, China was a drag on our earnings throughout the year as it was a drag on the industry. Margins were depressed there partly because of capacity, partly because the financial players moved a lot of soybeans from origins to China, and more that were necessary that then got forced through the crushing system with depressed margins. So if we look into how China performed in '14 versus prior years, there was a reasonably significant decline in that performance.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: So if I think about it, is $100 million a reasonable guess? I'm not asking for an exact number, but it seems like the $30 million-plus, it sounds like $70 million of less-than-exciting margins seem to be the right answer. Is that a fair bet?
Andrew J. Burke: It's in the neighborhood.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Then how does this quarter's profit in Agribusiness translate into a run rate going into 2015? If I think -- if I add back the $80 million, is that -- is the ag business what it would be with that $80 million a run rate -- a quarterly run rate? I mean, it sounds like what you're trying to tell us is, look, each quarter has a good predetermined flow of earnings associated with that. Is that a fair way of looking at it?
Soren W. Schroder: I mean, there will be some seasonality, obviously, throughout the year, but reality is that the last 3 quarters, we've delivered EBITs and combined Agri-Food in excess of $400 million. And I think as you sort of look at that on an annualized rate, that's probably a correct measure of -- or a fair measure of our current earnings power, and then we can grow from there. But I don't know that you can say that $400 million or $380 million -- yes, $400 million if you add the $80 million in mark-to-market, that's not necessarily an ag run rate every quarter. But we will certainly have quarters like that next year or this year, but I think the $400 million for the last 3 quarters that we've delivered overall Agri-Food is a fair measure.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And then on your tax rate, just to make sure, you're not actually paying cash taxes of that 50% tax rate that you had today -- that you reported today?
Andrew J. Burke: No.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: You're not physically paying that. That is a noncash tax number that you're actually putting out that hit your numbers. Is that a fair way of looking at it?
Andrew J. Burke: I don't know that I just want to say yes, Ken, and the number that we reported is not the amount of cash we pay in tax. Certainly, we do pay some cash taxes around the world, but in other places, we have significant tax attributes available. If you look at our disclosures in our quarterly and annual filings, we have significant tax assets available in Brazil and tax credits. And we've paid no or very little cash taxes in Brazil, as an example. So your thesis is correct, but it's not that we pay 0 cash taxes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And then the last question on sugar is, given that the environment -- what is the quality to which that you're able to forecast this business? It seems like you're really not that good at that. And why this year has been...
Andrew J. Burke: In sugar? I'm sorry.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Yes, sugar.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think in sugar, I assume you're asking a question because we missed in the fourth quarter. There were -- it depends whether you're talking about short-term forecast or long term, so let me answer both a little bit. In the short-term forecast, we were off on the amount we were able to crush in the fourth quarter, not by a significant amount, but as we've said before, sugar is very leveraged on a -- to the crush rate. So 1 million tonnes of crush has got a big variable margin with it in the area of $30 million, $40 million. So if you miss your crushing targets by a little bit, it moves, which makes forecasting that business difficult. And if you're talking about an annual forecast, as we stated earlier, it's a harder business to forecast because you're making a lot of assumptions around weather and crop yields and sugar yields, et cetera. So we try to make a reasonably conservative forecast factoring all of those factors in, but it is not the easiest business we have to make a forecast to.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Again, what is the level of confidence you have on this time? I mean, it almost sounds that you have more confidence, but I can't figure out exactly why.
Andrew J. Burke: I don't know that we would say that our forecast accuracy has improved because we still have to get through the weather and we still have the impacts of Brazilian policy, et cetera. I think why you hear a more -- what we're saying in a more positive commentary is policy in Brazil has turned much more positive. So the CIDE impacts -- tax increase is supportive to the industry. The increase in the blend rate is supportive to the industry. There've been a couple of state tax actions that are supportive. So the environment is better, but we still have a lot of variables that we -- that you get through as you go through a year in sugar. That could be better or worse than we forecast, frankly, but it's very hard to forecast the Brazilian weather for us. So there is always going to be, particularly in the early part of year, a range around where it will come out. And also a reminder, most of the money is made in the second part of the year, so when you're talking to us in February, we don't know the exact crop size, we don't know the exact yields. As we get more into the crop, the variables decline. The other key thing around our sugar businesses is our real focus as a management team is to make sure we're running it in a way that in most -- in almost all forecasted outcomes, clearly if you get to either tail, it may not -- to the lower tail of it, it may not be the case. But in reasonable outcomes, we'll be cash-neutral or positive. So that is the way we drive the business and think about it and spend a lot of time focusing on exactly how much we're investing and how we're going about running the business to keep it cash-neutral or positive.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Brett Wong from Piper Jaffray.
Tyler Lee Etten - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes, I'm here. This is Tyler Etten on for Brett Wong. I was just having -- I had a question about Brazil exports, what your guys' anticipation will be for the first quarter out of there and if you expect the same strength out of Europe that you saw in 2014 out of the crushing business.
Soren W. Schroder: Brazil, I'd say, February will be lower than a year ago by probably 1 million tonnes or so. In March, forward, it will be the same pace, maybe a little bit higher. So first quarter, Brazil in total is probably just a bit below last year's -- last year, a very strong pool [ph] and -- don't forget it's a little bit of a different market environment this year than last year. So very strong export programs but not the frenzy we saw the last 2 years. And in Europe, I'll say our views on crush, in general, is that soy crush will remain favorable in Southern Europe, probably throughout the year. And soft seed crush, so rape and sunseed will be skewed towards the last half of the year. We expect good margins there, so I think, in general, probably a similar environment as we had in 2014.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Soren, I was hoping to get some further color on Brazil and your expectations now. The farmer selling certainly seems like a -- slow farmer selling sounds short term like it always is. But regarding crush utilization and profitability and crush margins in Brazil, why should that get better? Is that just going to get better because there's more volume to crush? Or is there also a good demand function in Brazil right now for livestock production and livestock producers?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I would say the domestic demand base in Brazil is very strong, and certainly, the weak real will make Brazil an even more competitive origin for meat exports. So I think the domestic demand base is very favorable and somewhat different from the last couple of years is that the export pool of beans is less. Like I just mentioned, February exports will be 1 million tonnes less than it was a year ago because the U.S. is in a position to supply a longer period. We're not running out of beans in the U.S. this year as we did the last 2. So that the export pool on soybeans in Brazil is a little bit less dramatic than we've seen it, and the farmer has still a lot of beans to sell. So the combination of those things is favorable to domestic crush -- to domestic crush margins, and we haven't -- we have a fairly sizable year-over-year increase in soybean meal trade actually. So soybean meal trade was stagnated for a few years, has resumed again. And at the moment, it is mostly supplied out of the U.S., which has been good for margins here. And that will shift into Brazil as we get into sort of March and April. So I think the overall environment for margins in Brazil is better than it was last year or at least as good.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And kind of a follow-up to Ken's question, I think. If I look at 2014, there were ocean freight kind of hedging issues and then the China basis miss in fourth quarter. But my understanding is that you have instituted policies and made people changes so that the company is taking less risk, not more risk. So can you talk a little bit about whether these hiccups this year -- were they a function of, gee, we had too much risk in our positions, or we were taking too much of a view in our positions? Or was it just that, hey, the markets went the wrong way, and that's just a course of doing business, we do our best, but we can't, some things are just inherently unpredictable?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I don't think that I -- it is not correct to say that I've instituted programs so that the company is taking less risk. We continue to perfect and improve the way that we take risk that we learn from, let's say, mistakes, and we have strong risk controls in place today as we have had. But it's a continuous process of improving how we look at risk. And over last year, 2014, risk management and trading results throughout Bunge were positive. They were positive, maybe not to the same extent that they had been in previous years simply because margin opportunities, opportunities for dislocation were less. But we had positive contributions from our risk management activities throughout 2015. EPA has become a little bit more selective. Markets last year were a bit random. It was a year of transition. First quarter was a good example of that. The early part of the fourth quarter was an example of that. So we've been a bit more cautious just because it wasn't so clear exactly how the transition would take place from this extreme tightness to what now appears like a growing surplus. So we're just very aware of the risk that we are taking. It is something that is discussed daily in Bunge, both through myself and all the other senior managers in Bunge have complete access and knew what risk we're taking on any given time. And I would say I'm happy with the outcome for this year, and it was a positive one but not as big of a contributor as we have seen in previous years for the reasons that I just mentioned.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: All right. Well maybe I'll follow up on that. But my last question is with the $80 million mark-to-market charge potentially benefiting the first half of '15, have you raised internal expectations for what '15 can deliver? Have you factored that in?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, we have.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to you, Mark.
Mark Haden: Well, great. Thank you, Yolanda, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And as a reminder, both Soren and Drew will be speaking at CAGNY next Wednesday.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you.
Andrew J. Burke: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden -  Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2014 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Vanessa, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Vanessa and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and good morning and welcome to everybody. Third quarter results were fair, and Bunge is in a strong position to meet or exceed our full year combined return target of 1.5 points of our cost of capital in agribusiness and food & ingredients. We managed risk well during a quarter that saw a transition from extreme global tightness to record crops in North America and Europe. Falling commodity prices reduced farmer selling, especially in Brazil. The new crop marketing has been running at less than half the usual pace. In Argentina, farmers are using their crops as an inflation and foreign exchange hedge, and this is unlikely to change before early next year. Lower prices, coupled with expanding crush margins, resulted in a temporary $80 million mark-to-market hedge loss, on fully arched positions in our crush and distribution businesses. Adjusting for these impacts, Q3 was about a $265 million quarter for agribusiness, which is reasonable performance considering the market conditions.; Agribusiness is in a good position to achieve record fourth quarter and a solid full year and to deliver improved year-over-year return on invested capital. Much of the mark-to-market impacts should reverse to income during the quarter, and market conditions in the Northern Hemisphere are positive. World trade is strong, especially for oilseed and proteins, resulting in very favorable crush and export margins and capacity utilizations. The U.S. is the most competitive origin, and record grain and rapeseed crops in Europe are creating a favorable margin and capacity outlook in that region as well. So we're optimistic for good results in the next quarters, with both crush and export terminals, including Longview and Nikolayev expected to operate at capacity. During the quarter, our new crush refining complex in Altona, Manitoba came on stream as did Bunbury, our first port in Australia. Those will also be important contributors in the coming months. The outlook in agribusiness extending into 2015 will remain structurally favorable. While opportunities for major dislocations could be reduced, we see many opportunities from strong trade flows, high capacity utilization and potential improvement on both industrial cost and logistics. In food & ingredients, milling had a very good quarter in Brazil, Mexico and the U.S., with volumes up slightly and margins steady. The integration of our mills in Mexico is progressing well. In edible oils, we are making good advances with both the commercial and operational excellence programs, especially in the U.S. and Brazil. But unfortunately, some of those improvements were offset by additional logistics cost and very tight oil supplies in the U.S. and margin compression in the Ukraine. We are confident that we will show nice improvement in both oils and milling during Q4, and that we'll finish the year with record EBIT and strong returns. Our objective remains to grow this share of food & ingredients to at least 35% of Bunge's EBIT over the coming years. And we're convinced we can do so through a combination of internal improvements and bolt-on M&A. Our sugar segment delivered a solid performance in both milling and trading & merchandising. While we crushed 400,000 tons less than planned because of rain delays, our cost containment program and higher ethanol and power prices more than compensated. Our global trading & merchandising team performed well during the quarter, skillfully arbitraging Brazil and Thai sugars to keep estimations. With the Brazilian election behind us, we expect to see attention back on the energy sector with some favorable adjustments likely. We anticipate a modest price increase in gasoline and possibly a reintroduction of the CIDE tax by the end of the year. We expect to crush about 20 million tons of cane this year and to finish breakeven to positive EBIT, with all CapEx funded from operations. The market environment and the election in Brazil have complicated efforts to reach a conclusion to the strategic review of our sugarcane milling operations, but our intent is unchanged and we'll continue to look at a full range of options. We have to unlock appropriate returns from the approximately $2 billion net operating assets in the milling business and we will. We have improved the business. It is modestly profitable and self-funding, and we have a strong and dedicated team working to improve it further. We'll keep you posted on our progress on all fronts. We're also making solid progress in the performance improvement programs in food & ingredients and agribusiness. For example, we have reduced our cash cycle by 5 days compared to last year. We expect CapEx for 2014 to fall just short of $900 million, and we have repurchased $300 million of our own shares year-to-date. Our approach to capital allocation is unchanged. We'll continuously evaluate the best use of funds from operations, with a priority on ensuring a BBB balance sheet. The outlook is very good and our global teams are focused on ending the year on a strong note, reaching a return of 1.5 points above WACC or more in the combined agri and food businesses and to prepare for an even better 2015. Now I'll turn the call over to Drew, who will take you through the financial performance and outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Soren. Let's turn to Slide 4 and the earnings highlights. Bunge's third quarter total segment EBIT, adjusted for certain gains and charges, was $316 million versus $388 million in the prior year. In agribusiness, adjusted EBIT was $186 million versus $318 million in 2013. There were 2 primary drivers of the lower year-over-year performance. The first was very slow farmer selling, driven by the significant drop in commodity prices during the quarter. As a result, our grain origination results were lower than last year, especially in South America. In Brazil, we experienced the lowest level of forward selling of new crop in years. In past years, we have seen about 30% of the new soybean price -- crop price, whereas today, that level is about 10%. Farmers typically price a portion of their crops as they begin planting to lock in a portion of their profits. In Argentina, farmers are holding soybeans as a hedge against inflation and currency devaluation. Unless there were to be a sizable price or currency movement, we do not expect a pickup in farmer selling activity in either Brazil or Argentina into early next year. The other driver of the third quarter variance with last year was approximately $80 million of mark-to-market losses related to hedge forward crush positions and inventories for product shipments in our distribution business. We expect approximately $60 million in mark-to-market reversals in the fourth quarter and additional reversals in the first quarter of 2015. Our risk management strategies in both grains and oilseeds worked well during the quarter. In our oilseed processing business, we managed the complicated crop transition in North America well. Crushing margins were higher year-over-year in most geographies. Volumes were impacted by reduced soybean supply, especially in Argentina where farmers were holding beans, and in the United States, where old crop beans were scarce and new crop beans weren't yet available due to the weather-delayed harvest. China crushing continued to be a challenge compared to the previous years, but conditions improved as we entered the fourth quarter. On a year-to-date basis, agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $576 million versus $662 million last year. The primary drivers of the difference were lower results in China processing, which has been impacted by excess supply; our grains business, which had a slow start to the year and saw a slow farmer selling in the third quarter; and the mark-to-market impacts. Oilseed processing results outside of Asia have been higher year-over-year due to strong margins. In edible oils, contributions from our performance improvement initiatives and higher results in Brazil were more than offset by lower results in North America and in Ukraine. Brazil benefited from improved margins in most parts of the business, reflecting our efforts to manage value and improve our relationships with key accounts. In North America, results were impacted by railcar availability in Canada and incremental logistics costs in the United States as raw material supply ran low during the transition to the new soybean crop, requiring us to transfer product between facilities to meet demand. In Ukraine, results were negatively impacted by the significant devaluation of the Ukrainian hryvnia versus the U.S. dollar during the quarter. In our milling segment, higher results in the quarter reflected improved performance in our Brazilian wheat milling operations, which benefited from improved margins and production yields and our recently acquired wheat mills in Mexico. The integration of these mills continues to progress well with synergies tracking to expectations. We have made improvements to the cost structure through reducing energy consumption, broadening raw material sourcing and streamlining the organizational structure. Results in our corn and rice milling businesses were comparable to last year. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted EBIT for food & ingredients was $218 million versus $196 million in the prior year. The increased performance primarily reflects the strength of our wheat milling businesses, our new mills in Mexico and our cost savings initiatives. In sugar & bioenergy, all businesses in the segment performed well, generating higher results in the third quarter. In sugarcane milling improved Brazilian ethanol prices increased energy sales, and savings from our cost containment initiatives more than compensated for lower milling volumes due to wet weather. Also contributed to higher milling results were mark-to-market gains related to hedges on forward sugar sales of approximately $12 million and gains on foreign currency hedges. Higher margins in our global trading & merchandising business more than offset lower volumes. Results in our biofuels business were higher than last year, primarily due to the contribution from our new corn wet milling joint venture in Argentina. On a year-to-date basis, sugar & bioenergy had an EBIT loss of $14 million and is below last year as improved performance at our industrial crushing and biofuels businesses was more than offset by lower results in our trading & merchandising business, which had a strong first 9 months last year and a slow start to this year. Fertilizer segment EBIT of $12 million was down slightly from $15 million in 2013. Year-to-date earnings of $29 million are slightly higher than last year. Adjusted earnings per share of continuing operations was $1.31 this quarter compared to $1.89 last year. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted earnings per share is $3 versus $3.76 in the prior year. During the quarter, there were 3 significant tax developments we would like to inform you about: first, we were able to complete the implementation of our tax planning strategies and realized the related benefits. This brings our year-to-date tax rate to 22%, which is slightly lower than our projected fourth quarter, full year and longer-term rate of approximately 23%. Second, we participated in a tax amnesty program in Brazil, where we saw claims that we had previously recorded as a liability. These claims were settled at a discount and we recorded a gain of $35 million, of which $29 million is in discontinued operations and $6 million is in continuing operations. And lastly, On October 16, Brazil Supreme Federal Court ruled that certain state ICMS tax credits related to staple foods, including soy oil, margarine, mayonnaise and wheat flours, are unconstitutional. These products and our imports are acquired at a certain ICMS tax rate and sold at a lower rate. Taxpayers have historically taken a tax credit for the difference. Like other food industries companies, Bunge is involved in several administrative and judicial disputes with the Brazilian states regarding these tax credits, but these cases have been on hold pending the outcome of the October 16 case. Our overall amount and dispute, combined with potential additional disputes, is approximately BRL 400 million. The October 16 ruling involved another company but may become precedent in cases involving other taxpayers, including Bunge. The court has not yet published its full opinions in the case, but publication is expected within the next 30 to 60 days. If our analysis, with the assistance of our legal advisers, leads us to the conclusion that it is probable our positions will not prevail, we will, at that time, take a charge to earnings of the amount considered probable up to the BRL 400 million total exposure. We do not consider the impact of this issue going forward to be material to Bunge's ongoing operations. Let's turn to Slide 5 in our return on invested capital. This chart shows our trailing 4-quarter average return on invested capital adjusted for certain gains and charges. For the first 3 quarters of 2014 included in this calculation, we have used our full year forecasted tax rate of 23%, which includes the realization of the $53 million in tax benefits resulting from our tax planning strategies. The returns are shown for Bunge Limited and for Bunge Limited excluding our sugar & bioenergy segment, which contains our sugar milling operation, which is under strategic review. As you can see by the chart, Bunge Limited's return of 6.6% has improved from the end of last year. However, it is still below our cost of capital of 7%. Looking at the company, excluding our sugar & bioenergy segment, focusing on our combined core agribusiness and food segments, the return on invested capital improves to 8.4%, which is also higher than the end of last year. Looking forward, we expect to finish 2014 with a return on invested capital for the total company at about our cost of capital of 7%. And excluding our sugar & bioenergy segment, we are forecasting that we should at least attain 1.5 points over cost of capital or 8.5%, and that we'll achieve our target of 2 points over WACC in 2015. Let's turn to Slide 6 and the cash flow highlights. For the 9 months ended September 30, cash provided by operations was approximately $1.1 billion compared to cash provided by operations of about $900 million last year. The year-over-year improvement largely reflects lower inventories due to the drop in commodity prices, slow farmer selling and our strict management of working capital. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $5 billion in committed credit lines, of which $4.4 billion were unused and available. We repurchased $100 million of shares in the quarter for a total year-to-date amount of repurchases of $300 million. Our capital expenditures were $515 million, and as Soren mentioned earlier, we expect that our year end spend will come in just below our target of $900 million. Let's turn to Slide 7 and the outlook. We expect to have a strong fourth quarter. In agribusiness, record U.S. farmers, in combination with extremely slow farmer selling in South America and strong demand from the livestock sector, have driven U.S. crush margins to historically strong levels. Along with large soft seed and grain crops in Europe, this will allow our crushing and export facilities in the Northern Hemisphere to operate at high run rates with good margins. We also expect about $60 million in mark-to-market reversals in the fourth quarter and looking further out, additional reversals in the first quarter of 2015. Turning to Slide 8. In food & ingredients, we expect another record year. The fourth quarter is the seasonally strong holiday period when demand for flours, vegetable oils, margarines and shortenings increases. We've also had additional contributions from our performance improvement initiatives in our new wheat mills in Mexico. In sugar & bioenergy, we expect breakeven full year segment EBIT and we are continuing to manage the business to be free cash flow neutral. We have sufficient cane to crush, approximately 20 million tons. However, at the end of September, we were about 75% through the harvest, so weather remains an important factor in the length of the processing season. We expect our fourth quarter and 2014 full year tax rate to be approximately 23%, which is in line with our long-term range of 22% to 24%. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the comments you made about the U.S. crush margins being particularly strong? I mean, I don't think any of us really expect those to be sustained at current levels, given -- probably driven by the lack of supply. And then can you also talk about the impact of the record harvest and whenever it is harvested, the capacity issues with rail and how you're getting around all of that? So 2 questions on the U.S., please.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, Ann. Well, crush margins in the U.S., we actually believe will remain very favorable into next year. How far into next year? It remains to be seen, but certainly through the first quarter. It's a combination of really strong domestic demand on one side, livestock margins are positive and meat production is expanding again. On the other side, it's a function of exports. The U.S. has been the cheapest origin for meal exports supplying the world trade really for several months now, and you can see that in the export sales reports. We are well ahead of last year and probably in a record -- at a record projection. So capacity -- demand for U.S. crushing capacity is real, and it'll stay with us for quite a while. The board crush moves that you might be referring to that we've seen in the last couple of days, they may not be an indication of how it will be in January or February. But we still expect that margins in the U.S. for the next 6 months to be well above historical averages and probably the best we've seen in many years. So that's on that front. And so far as the large harvest and how it will come to market, it is true that it's been a bit of a delayed harvest, and farmers, so far, are not active sellers. We're buying what we need to run our plants and our programs, but it's a cautious seller, no doubt, and the delays in harvest has exacerbated that. Rail issues are very spotty. I think in general, it's true that the North American rail infrastructure is under a lot of strain to meet demand from all sectors, not just the agricultural sector, with demand across all the sectors being higher year-on-year. So people see the system strain for the next several months. And the railroads have all been trying to catch up on capacity really since the end of last year. Some had more success than others. We don't believe that it will have material negative impact on our business. Our export flows, especially to the West Coast, are running normally. We are seeing occasional disruptions at some of our crush plants but nothing super serious. But it is a risk factor for the industry for the next several months, no doubt. So far, though, I would say it's manageable.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And just as a follow-up, do you think that the rail car capacity issue is the bigger risk to the industry than the lack of barge capacity down to Mississippi? I'm just curious to which one kind of you're more worried about.
Soren W. Schroder: I think the biggest concern is on the rail side.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a quick follow-up on Brazil. Can you just talk about post-elections? You've made mention what might happen on the sugar & bioenergy side. But just in general, where you think the pluses and minuses are now that we are post the election in Brazil.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, as -- I think agriculture in Brazil, and Brazil as a whole, we feel very good about long term, irrespective of who would have won the election. It's got a bright future. We're already planting what is likely to be another record soybean crop next year. You probably will see some reductions in corn acreage, but soybean growth year-on-year is going to be significant, as much as 10 million tons of production. So the expansion of agriculture in Brazil, in soy at least, is intact and will continue, so we feel all good about that. We are in a good position, as you know, to help facilitate those crops to market, new port facilities and so forth that we'll be able to tap into next year. I think the biggest issue really is around the fuel policy in Brazil. That relates directly to our sugar milling business, of course, and believe that there's an opportunity now for the government to refocus on energy and do the right thing, which would be to align international prices with domestic prices in Brazil and get ethanol prices into a reasonable start.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But they didn't do that in the last regime. So what's the probability of them doing it now?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, we believe that there's a very fair chance that by the end of the year, we will have a modest increase in gasoline prices, and there is a lot of discussion around the CIDE tax coming back. I guess I believe more in a modest increase in the gasoline price. And I think that, that is very likely even with the current government. What is also likely to happen is that the 27.5% blend rate for anhydrous ethanol is very close to being implemented, in our opinion. So that's another positive that should come into ethanol sometime between now and the end of the year. So I think by the -- by first quarter or certainly by the time we get into the new crop milling season in Brazil, we will have an improved ethanol pricing picture.
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe first in agribusiness and a little bit on some of the challenges in the quarter and how the expectations for recovery in 4Q. I think going back to last quarter, there was expectation for some strong volume growth in the second half in agribusiness, actually and to that down year-over-year. And just wondering, how did that shape up relative to your own expectations? And key areas, are they just Brazil and Argentinian exports, or was it crush volumes and kind of how sharp of a rebound are you expecting in the fourth quarter?
Soren W. Schroder: We should see a significant pickup in volume in the fourth quarter as the Northern Hemisphere crops come to market. And we're already seeing that U.S. exports should be very strong. Exports out of the Black Sea should be very strong compared to last year. There should be a nice recovery year-on-year in the fourth quarter, and certainty from Q3. So I feel very good about that. Relative to our expectations going into Q3, we knew that farmer selling, particularly in Brazil and in Argentina, would be a challenge. Q3 is typically the quarter where most Brazilian -- many Brazilian farmers log in a nice chunk of their new crop profitability. And that did just not -- that didn't happen this year. We expect that probably 10% of the crop isn't priced relative to what's a normal rate of 30% to 35%. So it's a significant drop from where we were, and I think it probably ended up being a little bit lower than what we had expected. But we did make mention, I believe, in the last call, that we felt that results would be heavily weighted to Q4, and that'll turn out to be true.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful.
Andrew J. Burke: Adam, the U.S. harvest came in a little bit later than we had originally predicted due to weather reasons. So I would say, the volumes were a little bit softer, but mainly, the crop is there. It's just a matter of time of when it's going to be released into the market now, whether or not those volumes will get moved.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And is that a situation that can actually -- you can see some of that actually move into the first quarter at this point, just given how weighted actually it has shaped up to be?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think the U.S. will have a very strong export season well into the first quarter. And what we do know is that the Brazilian soybean planting, are probably a good 10 days late, maybe even a little bit less -- a little bit more. So the new crop soybean availability in Brazil will be delayed a bit compared to last year. So the U.S. should really have a very, very strong export season that goes well into Q1. So I think you're right.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then thinking about -- in sugar, and I know the elections probably put some people's strategic thinking on the sector on hold, given some of the policy uncertainties. But I mean, it's been nearly a year now that the strategic review has been ongoing. Can you help frame for us the range of kind of options that are being contemplated? Is it kind of a mill-by-mill review or selling part of -- selling our JV part of the business or the entire -- is there still opportunity to sell the entire portfolio as one piece? And just help frame for us the kind of the range of the likelihood of different options.
Soren W. Schroder: I'd say all options are open. The full range of options are still open. We've explored many opportunities over the last months as we've gone through the review, but have not found any of them to represent fair value to Bunge's shareholders. So we'll continue to look for a way. In the meantime, as you can tell from our results, we are very focused on making the business as good as it can be. So very, very pleased with the progress we are making with the business. And our team in Brazil is doing a stellar job in making it as good as possible. But we're continuing to look at a full range of options to put us in a better position and to unlock, as I mentioned earlier, the return potential of the $2 billion we have tied up in the business. We have to make that return. And so our intent and our focus is unchanged.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is there -- on that point, just as we think about timing, I mean, it has been a year. How long can we really contemplate this business being under strategic review before you kind of make the decision look we can't find a party that extract the value that we are happy with, and then you'd recommit to running the business as part of Bunge and driving organic earnings improvement that way?
Soren W. Schroder: I can't really give you any timing on this. It is our number one priority. We're looking at it every day. At the same time, we're making sure that we run the business as efficiently as we possibly can. So it is on our to-do list every day, so to speak, but I can't really give you any timing.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Cornell Burnette with a few questions for David. Looking at sugar, sugar ethanol still seems to be the outlook for about breakeven profitability this year. Just wondering about, going forward, can this business become profitable? It seems right now, ethanol prices in Brazil are still pretty weak, and at the same time, Brazilian ethanol seems uncompetitive relative to U.S. corn ethanol on the global markets. So in that context, I mean, does it just come down to maybe, as you've mentioned earlier, the blend rate moving to 27.5%. Is that what we really need maybe to turn things positive in terms of profitability for you and the industry as we move into 2015?
Soren W. Schroder: The blend rate will help, no doubt, but it's not enough. We do need a move-up in gasoline prices in Brazil to make the ethanol business more sustainably profitable. A 6% to 10% increase is what's been discussed, that will be about right. Sugar, by itself, if you look at the forward sugar curve and the real is at a point where it is profitable to produce sugar. So we need a little help in the ethanol to put the business into a more structurally profitable position. Power prices has been a nice improvement year-over-year, and we expect that energy prices, electricity prices in Brazil going into next year also to be better than historical, maybe not as high as this year but favorable. So I think there are a number of things that should make you think that next year could be a reasonable year. But in all likelihood, not meeting our return expectations and feel falling a little short of cost of capital, and that's why we continue to look at our full range of options. But next year could be a better year even.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. And then turning it back to agribusiness and particularly soy crushing. I mean, I think it's pretty evident that obviously the fourth quarter is going to be great and the same with the first quarter in terms of margins. But just kind of talk a little bit more about some of the more medium to longer-term dynamics. When we turn over from that U.S. crop and move into South America in the middle of next year, can you just talk about what you're seeing generally in the market in terms of demand from the livestock sector and how you expect that to trend throughout 2015? And what that means to margins for the whole year and not just maybe looking at North America early in the year?
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. I mean, overall, demand for proteins and oilseeds is going to be up nicely compared to this year, another 5% or so. So global demand growth and global trade in the proteins and oilseeds, soybeans in particular, will be up nicely year-over-year. And a lot of that was linked to China where we believe that growth will continue. So the underlying fundamentals of demand are strong. Domestic demand and the U.S., domestic demand in Brazil is very strong. The livestock sector in Brazil is doing very well. Exports of meat are up. So really, across sort of the Americas, the economics in soya are going to be favorable, extending into -- as far into 2015 as we can see at the moment. So when we switch supply from North America to South America sometime in March and April next year, I think we will continue to see very strong demand pulled out of those origins, with nice export elevations and margins, a good crushing environment in Brazil and at that time, in all likelihood, also in Argentina. The Argentine farmer is planting another large soybean crop, and that will come to market on top of the 10 million tons of soybeans that it is likely to carry into next year. So South America should be in a very good position starting in March, April next year. And in the U.S., the big difference to the last couple of years is that we will have ample soybeans left to crush at nice levels of capacity throughout the summer, whereas the last 2 or 3 years, we have been constrained by soybean availability, as you know. So overall, I believe the soybean crushing and export environment, both in the U.S. export season and crushing season in the South American one, is very favorable all through 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Drew, you seem like you're pretty confident that you can recover the $60 million in the fourth quarter. I just thought it may be helpful to just give us some sense of maybe the bend of price movement that would be needed in the physical markets, in soy mill or underlying soybean cost basis in the fourth quarter. Or is this as such that you basically have locked this in, and regardless of whether we see it 5% or 10% move in the physical markets, you'll still be able to recover it?
Andrew J. Burke: It is the second, Tim. What we're talking about is that positions are fully locked in. If there's variability in how much of the $60 million we'll recover, it could be timing in the case of the executing some of the distribution contracts. But that would only be a timing difference to the $60 million. But we don't need any price movement to achieve those results. They're locked in, we just have to execute on the shipments or the crush.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: It's very helpful. And Soren, you mentioned that you're open now to a full range of optionality around the strategic review of the sugar assets. Does that imply that you would also, on the right situation, even be open to looking at scaling the business even further if there's an opportunity to take advantage of distressed assets? Or am I reading that incorrectly?
Soren W. Schroder: We are not open to that. We are not open to increasing exposure to the business, no.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And one last question. In the third quarter, was the biodiesel trends much of an impact on the oilseed margins? I know biodiesel margins have not been as positive, at least in the U.S., as last year. Is that a meaningful impact to your business currently, Drew?
Soren W. Schroder: No, I don't think you can call it a meaningful impact. It is true that biodiesel margins, because there is no longer the dollar tax credit, have been marginal at best. But most plans are still running. And I think we have forecasted roughly 1.3 billion gallons of production this year, which is about unchanged, a little bit more than last. So demand is there, but it is not with the same profit as it was in the previous year. And whether or not there will be a retroactive tax credit, I don't know. Some people are speculating that there is. But I don't think that there's been any meaningful impact to our business from the current environment in biodiesel.
Operator: Our next question is from Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: My first question is how -- what would be the case to which 2015 agribusiness would not be at a record level?
Andrew J. Burke: Record level in terms of EBIT [indiscernible]?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Why wouldn't it be at a record level in 2015?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we believe that Q4 is going to be a record quarter, so let's start with that. How much beyond that, we'll have to see when we get there. But we do believe that Q4 will be a record quarter for agribusiness and possibly also a record Q4 for Bunge.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think Ken, to try to give a little color, we don't give guidance, and part of the reason we don't is there's a lot of crops to be grown. And exactly, the environment in the following year is unknown at the moment. But I think we have said that we expect to be 2% over the cost of capital in our core agribusiness and foods businesses next year, and that would imply continued growth in the performance in those businesses. And we're sitting at near-record levels at the moment. So I think we are optimistic about '15, but we don't want to get overly specific because there's a lot of crops to be growing and weather to get through, et cetera.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. Can you talk about the cadence to which the farmers are selling in the U.S. and then in South America? Because it seems like, actually, if the cadence were exactly what I think it is, this could actually be optimal for Bunge's operating profit for fourth quarter, first quarter and then second quarter. Can you just talk about the cadence?
Soren W. Schroder: Do you mean by cadence, the pace?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Yes, because it seems like the U.S. farmer was going to start selling the South American farmer's holding, but then we'll sell in the first quarter, so your facilities in the U.S. will be nicely optimized in the fourth quarter. Then as things kind of keep on going, then you're going to layer on the South American farmer selling. And it just seems like you're set up for a lot of good quarters. Am I missing something in the way to which the farmers are going to be selling?
Soren W. Schroder: I think you're generally -- generally speaking, you're on the right track. Whatever we have not bought in advance in South America, we will obviously buy when we get there. So there is a lot more grain to be bought, soybeans in particular, in Brazil and Argentina as we start the early part of 2015. So what we didn't buy in the third quarter, we'll buy then. And you're right that between now and certainly, the end of the first quarter, the U.S. farmer will be supplying the world market predominantly with both corn and soybeans and soybean products. So there should be a nice continuation of, let's say, income from -- in agribusiness in particular, but food & ingredients as well from now until -- into the harvest in South America.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. My next question is, are you, by any chance, caught short at all in the soybean meal side? Because obviously, soybean meal prices have gone hyperbolic. You have not sold slower than not being able to make that commitment? Are you -- we're not expecting any issues in the next quarter or something related to the soybean meal movement, are we?
Soren W. Schroder: We don't comment on our trading positions. But I can tell you that to my knowledge, there's no issue particularly pertaining to the move in soybean meal futures in October. We obviously do put margins on our crushing business ahead of time to some extent, but we've averaged into margins in a very good way during the month of October for Q4, and we'll execute those with a nice profit as we close the year. So don't expect any nasty surprises.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Canada: Okay. And my very final question is in terms of the outlook for vegetable oil, soybean oil, can you talk about the likelihood of the dollar biodiesel tax credit and the higher diesel -- biodiesel mandate? And does that create a catalyst or an opportunity for vegetable oil prices to move higher or is it a non-issue?
Soren W. Schroder: I cannot comment on the probability of the dollar tax credit coming back retroactively. I mean, this happened before and I know there's speculation that it could happen again, but I don't have any particular insight to that. I do believe, though, that biodiesel demand in the U.S., in Brazil and in Europe will remain very steady. The one place where there's a little weakness in biodiesel is in Argentina at the moment because energy prices have come down so quickly. But in general, biodiesel demand should remain strong through next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I think I'm going to try to take a shot at answering Ken Zaslow's first question. So I guess the thing you mentioned about farmers not selling in Brazil, I mean, we've all been there before. What are the chances that, that might continue outside the first quarter into second quarter and into third quarter? Certainly, that's happened before. And then is there any additional pressure on Brazilian farmers or even U.S. farmers too, that there hasn't been in the past so that, that's not going to happen, so they do have to sell and we won't have repeats that we've had in prior years.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I'm not sure what you guys are referring to. But I do believe that certainly, starting in the second quarter next year, the Brazilian crop will come to market. And whatever has not been sold in advance will be sold then. The same thing is true in Argentina. So the lack of forward selling that we've experienced so far to us means there's more margin realization as we get there. So it's a shift in earnings, we'll be pushing off margin a few quarters ahead of ourselves, but it will come at the time when we get here. With a 90 million ton-plus soybean crop in Brazil, I'm not so concerned that farmers will not be willing sellers for at least a nice portion of it. It is, in all likelihood, weather permitting, going to be another record.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But if they hold back on selling because they think they can get a higher price and higher than the price that's in the market today, isn't that the issue that they can -- they have the balance sheet to hold back?
Soren W. Schroder: I think it is true, in general, that because of profitability in the farm sector over the last several years, more farmers than perhaps historically are able to hold back their crop and market it as they see fit. But all farmers, even large industrial ones, have cash flow needs. And so a portion of the crop will come to market, I believe, no matter what. And you're probably talking about a 5% or 10% difference to historical that could be in question. But a large part of the Brazilian and Argentine new crop will come to market between March and June, I think, is very clear to me.
Operator: Our next question is from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask about the food & ingredients segment, which -- it seems to be the target for you to build over the coming years. And to the extent that, that may include some M&A activity on downstream businesses, what impact, if any, sort of a lack of monetization on the sugar business might have on that strategy here in the near term? Maybe if you could give a little bit more color about how you expect to build that business that would be great.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think as we explained in the second quarter call, we do have ambitious targets for this segment over the next couple of years. And the growth, really, is a mix between internal improvements, roughly 50% relating to costs and commercial excellence and the programs that we have put in place that you'll see hitting the bottom line certainly in Q4. And the other half is from bolt-on M&A. We have enough capacity to execute on that over the next several months without having to do something with sugar. So our strategy to grow the food & ingredients piece meaningfully over the next 6 to 12 months is not dependent on that.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And to the extent that you hang out your sugar on just due to lack of finding a buyer for it, how does that affect the percentages in terms of the size of that business versus the overall portfolio?
Soren W. Schroder: I think we can reach the 35% that we have targeted and mentioned as our goal without having to do something with sugar. But we will look at our sugar business independently of the food strategy. So I hope that answers it.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think, Diane, when we look out, we see a model that's 65% agribusiness, 35% food when we gave you those numbers on a longer-term basis. If sugar was there, that would be an additional and then you would adjust both the agribusiness and food percentages.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And I see we have no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Vanessa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And as a reminder, we will be hosting our Investor Day in New York City on December 10 and the event will also be webcasted. Thanks.
Operator: And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden -  Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer Gordon J. Hardie - Managing Director of Food & Ingredients
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2014 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dawn and I will be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now to turn the call over to Mark Haden. Sir, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Dawn. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com and under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer; and Gordon Hardie, Managing Director, Food & Ingredients. Gordon will provide a detailed update on food & ingredients and discuss our strategies for growing and extracting more value from that part of our business. Gordon joined Bunge in mid-2011 and has deep experience in the food and beverage sector. Prior to joining Bunge, he led the Fresh Baking division of Goodman Fielder in Australia and New Zealand for 7 years and served at a number of leadership roles at companies, including the Foster's Group and Pernod Ricard. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark. And good morning, and welcome to everybody. We had a strong performance in the second quarter, with all segments reporting higher year-over-year results, and we feel optimistic about the year. Strong global oilseed processing margins, driven by big crops and growing demand, led to significantly better results in agribusiness. Improved operational and a commercial performance and the addition of our new wheat mills in Mexico contributed to a record result and quarter in food & ingredients. The results demonstrate the potential of the segment and the value of integrated oilseed and grain chains. And sugar & bioenergy performed as expected, due in part to a continued progress in containing cost and increasing productivity. Overall, we are confident that on a combined basis, agribusiness and food & ingredients will generate a 2014 ROIC of at least 1.5 percentage points above our WACC of 7%. Now let me review some specifics from the quarter, starting with agribusiness. Our performance was driven primarily by excellent results in oilseeds. Strong soy crush margins in Brazil, Argentina and southern Europe and very high rates of utilization led to excellent results. The crushing environment in China, however, was poor. We managed risks in oilseeds very well through the steep drop futures, volatility in spreads and very strong cash markets. Our team executed our Brazilian export program flawlessly, with vessels turning at record pace in all our ports. Additionally, our new port, Tefron, [ph] Located in Barcarena, Brazil, started operations, loading the first few cargoes of soybeans destined for Bunge Spain. Grain origination volumes were lower than prior year, as farmers held back sales due to the significant drop in prices. However, our global grain distribution and trading operations were active with good margins. We managed risk in grains well, as markets reverted to lower prices, as suggested by our fundamental analysis earlier in the year. The oilseeds and grain markets are beginning to reflect record crops in both the U.S. and in Europe, where we expect a strong restocking to take place. While producer selling will likely be restrained in South America for the balance of the year, we expect our operations in North America and the Black Sea to benefit from increased exports of grains, oilseeds and oilseeds products, driven by record crops and strong demand pull. Global trade will remain active and capacity utilization of both oilseed crush and export infrastructure in the Northern Hemisphere will be very high from September onwards. We expect strong performances from our recent port investments in the Pacific Northwest, Black Sea and Australia and from our new crush refinery in Altona, Canada. Northern Hemisphere soy margins should repeat last year's strong pattern, and with record rapeseed and sunseed crops in Europe, we also expect very favorable conditions here. We have an experienced global agribusiness team, which is prepared to execute in the second half of the year, serving customers and managing global pipelines and risk. Similar to foods, we're also focusing on performance improvement in our agribusiness segment. In addition to risk and margin management, our focus is on logistics performance and best-in-class industrial operations. We will elaborate in more detail on our agribusiness initiatives at our Investor Day on December 10 in New York City. In food, we had a record quarter. We are sharply focused on our customers and positioning ourselves to grow with them by simultaneously making our operations and supply chains more efficient. Gordon will go into this in more detail later in the call. In combination with bolt-on M&A, this year, Bunge's earnings from food & ingredients will grow from 22% to about 35% over the next few years; better balanced, more stable earnings and higher returns on our objectives. We had a positive quarter in sugar & bioenergy. Results in our global trading & merchandising businesses were positive, but below last year's strong performance as the global sugar surplus temporarily pressured margins. We have approximately 10% global market share in sugar and trading & merchandising. And we are committed to building an even stronger presence over time. In sugarcane milling, results were above 1 year ago. We're making good progress managing costs and improving the efficiencies in our mills. The effects of our improvement and efforts will become more visible later in the year as we move into peak crushing periods. We continue to expect the sugar & bioenergy segment to be breakeven and free-cash-flow neutral for the year. The strategic review of our sugarcane milling business is progressing. We remain committed to completing it and achieving the best results for our shareholders. So overall, we had a strong second quarter, SG&A is tracking better than planned and our cash cycle is down. We feel optimistic about the year and the direction in which we're heading. Now I'll turn it over to Drew, for some additional insight to the quarter and our outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Soren. Let's turn to Page 4 in the earnings highlights. Bunge had a strong second quarter, with total segment EBIT of $418 million versus $239 million in the prior year. All segments performed above prior year. Our food business continues on a strong trajectory and achieved record quarterly results. Gordon will talk in more detail about how they're achieving that later in the call. Agribusiness EBIT was $311 million versus $170 million in the prior year. The results were driven by strong results in our oilseed processing business. Processing results were strong throughout our network, led by strong soybean processing results in South America and Europe and canola processing in Canada. Processing results in China remained weak, but did show some improvement as we moved through the quarter. Grain origination results were lower than prior year due to reduced farmer selling in South America. Risk management results were in line with prior year and our expectations. On a year-to-date basis, agribusiness adjusted EBIT is above prior year at $390 million versus $345 million in 2013. Our Brazilian business has performed very well throughout the year. Our food business continues to perform well, and had a record quarter with $90 million in EBIT versus $63 million in the prior year. Our wheat milling businesses have been particularly strong in both Brazil and Mexico. In Brazil, our focus on higher value-added business and on increasing the efficiency of our manufacturing and supply chain operations has resulted in higher margins. In Mexico, we have successfully integrated the acquired wheat mills into our existing business and are achieving our earnings and performance targets. Edible oils also had a strong quarter, led by our Brazilian business, as the benefits of our increased customer focus and operation improvement programs flow through to the bottom line. Europe also performed above prior year. On a year-to-date basis, food & ingredients' adjusted EBIT is $144 million versus $122 million in the prior year. The increased performance primarily reflects the strength of our wheat milling businesses. Sugar & bioenergy had a second quarter EBIT of $6 million versus a loss of $3 million in the prior year. The improved performance is due to better results in our sugar milling and biofuels businesses, as our trading & merchandising business results were below prior year. The second quarter is the weakest quarter for the sugar milling industry due to the crop cycle and earnings should increase as we move into the third and fourth quarters. The milling results benefited from higher crush volumes, higher ethanol and energy prices and a reversal of $10 million of mark-to-market related to our sugar hedges. On a year-to-date basis, sugar & bioenergy had an EBIT loss of $58 million versus a $20 million profit in 2013. The lower performance is primarily due to $20 million in mark-to-market losses on the sugar industrial hedges and a decline in the performance of our trading & merchandising business. Trading & merchandising had a strong first half in 2013, and a weak first half in 2014, as gross margins were lower. Our fertilizer segment EBIT improved from $9 million in 2013 to $11 million in 2014. Year-to-date earnings are also higher at $17 million versus $12 million in the prior year. Net income available to common shareholders was $272 million in 2014 versus $110 million in the prior year. The result in earnings per share from continuing operations also increased from $0.74 to $1.76 a share. On a year-to-date basis, earnings per share is $1.67 versus $1.89 in the prior year. Our income tax rate for the first half of the year was approximately 36% and is influenced by earnings mix primarily related to losses in the sugar business for which we do not recognize a tax benefit. Our full year tax rate is estimated at 23%, as certain tax planning initiatives come to fruition and sugar results improve as we move into the seasonally stronger portion of the year. Let's turn to Page 5 and our return on invested capital. This continues to be our main focus and we are seeing sequential improvement. For the period ended June 30, Bunge Limited return on invested capital was 6.3% and below our WACC of 7%. The below WACC performance is due to the impact of our sugar business. If we look at our return on invested capital excluding our sugar business, it is 8.4%, 1.4% above our WACC and in line with achieving or exceeding our target of 1.5% above WACC for 2014 and 2 points above our cost of capital in 2015. Let's turn to Page 6 in the cash flow highlights. For the 6 months ended June 30, cash flow used by operations was $791 million. This cash outflow follows normal seasonal patterns related to the South American harvest. At June 30, 2014, our working capital employed was approximately $1 billion lower than 2013, reflecting our continuing focus on balance sheet management and declining commodity prices. At the end of the quarter, we had approximately $5 billion in committed credit lines, of which $3.3 billion were unused and available. We repurchased $108 million of shares in the quarter. Our capital expenditures for the 6 months were $351 million and in line with our plan for 2014. Let's turn to Page 7 and the outlook. We remain positive about our outlook for the rest of the year. Large crops are expected throughout the Northern Hemisphere, which should result in continued low crop prices and increased demand. Forward crush margins are strong in both North America and Europe. China processing margins remain weak, but there are signs of improvement. Grain merchandising volume should be strong in North America, with South American volumes dependent on farmer selling. On balance, it should be a good second half, weighted more to the fourth quarter as we work through the Northern Hemisphere harvest. Turning to Page 8. We expect food & ingredients to have another record year as they continue to build momentum and continue to realize the results of their performance improvement efforts. Gordon will talk in more detail about our food business in a couple of minutes. Our sugar industrial business is entering the seasonally stronger second half. We expect the business to be profitable given current market prices, the impact of our productivity improvement efforts and our cane supply. We have adequate cane to crush at or near capacity, and expect to do so, but weather is an important variable. We expect this segment to be breakeven for the year and the business to be free cash neutral or positive. I will now turn it back to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Drew. As discussed, we have embarked on a significant effort in Bunge to grow and improve our performance. Today, we would like to share some of the highlights of our work in our food & ingredients segment. On Slide 10, we show the 6 principles on which we base our overall performance management approach: first, a clear focus on value creation; granularity to drive improved execution; closing gaps to achieve best-in-class performance in key KPIs; driving major initiatives more effectively; and finally, ensuring that accountability is clear and incentives appropriately aligned. We are applying all these in our food & ingredients efforts. Of course, our ultimate goal, as you can see on Slide 11, is to generate returns 2% above our WACC. We expect to get close to that this year. Please turn to Slide 12. Part of our strategy to drive higher returns over the long term is to achieve the right balance in our portfolio. We plan to expand the share of value-added businesses from 22% to 35%. That means a bigger food & ingredients segment with increased presence in higher-margin sectors like grain milling, processing and in oils and fats. We will accomplish this through both organic and bolt-on M&A, with strong connectivity to our existing ag and food value chains. A bigger share of value-added businesses each performing better and extracting greater value from operations will have a material impact on our overall performance and value creation for shareholders. We have already seen positive impacts to the bottom line and expect much more in the coming years. Now I'll turn it over to Gordon, who will provide more detail on our targets and our strategy. Gordon?
Gordon J. Hardie: Thanks, Soren. Good morning, everyone. If you can now turn to Slide 13. This slide shows how Bunge operates across the oils and grains value chains. In this model, food & ingredients works in an integrated fashion with our agribusiness to capture more value down the chain to further processing, adding functionality and wider application to B2B and B2B product ranges at higher margins and returns than on processed commodity. For us, these value-added businesses must be connected to the upstream agribusiness operations where we have supply, scale and risk management advantages. This approach leverages the privileged assets of agribusiness and gives food & ingredients advantages, such as direct and certain access to high-quality and safe supplies of raw materials in every region, cost efficiencies from scale and integration, supply chain capability to deliver consistently, irrespective of market volatility and risk management expertise. These advantages give us very strong value propositions to market-leading customers around the world. This model is proving very effective for our customers and for us and has allowed Bunge to build a scale business with strong market positions in attractive markets. On Slide 14, you can see how we've been extracting greater value from our food business with this approach over the last few years. Volumes have grown at 2.4% CAGR from 2009 to 2013, with EBIT growth up 13.6% over the same period. 2013 was a record EBIT year for food & ingredients, and we are on track to deliver another record year in 2014. We now have a food & ingredients business with a coherent value-added strategy, with differentiated capabilities and focus on the right product market mix to further enhance profitability and returns. If you turn to Slide 15, let me spend a few minutes outlining our view on how we believe the business can deliver by the end of 2016. When you add to the current base run rate of the business, the impact of our performance improvement program and our recent acquisition in Mexico, we see a path to $425 million by the end of 2016, with a return on invested capital in the 11% to 12% range, up from 9% in 2014. We would expect to see about $100 million of incremental organic EBIT improvement from the program, coming through at a level of about 20% in 2014, and 40% for each of 2015 and 2016. Our Mexican milling acquisition integration has gone very well and is right on track. We are comfortable with how that business is performing, and with the depth of talent and capability in milling it has brought to our business. On Slide 16, let me spend a few moments on the program of improvement that is underpinning our business performance. We see significant opportunities to lift performance by strengthening our operation and commercial capabilities. Today, I will talk about the operational side and give you more detail on the commercial elements at the Investor Day in December. To deliver top quartile returns for food businesses, you need best-in-class operations. To close the gaps we have identified, we are focused on 3 strongly interlinked areas of optimization: assets, process and supply chain. Asset optimization is about lifting overall equipment effectiveness, or OEE, a global standard measure for plant performance and capacity utilization to best-in-class levels. Process optimization is about increasing yields using state-of-the-art optimization methods, and supply chain is focused on achieving best total delivered cost in each of our businesses. If you turn to Slide 17, you will see we are linking both commercial and operational capabilities into a revitalized management operating system for the food & ingredients business. We kicked off in 3 of our largest business regions, with initial focus on operations where we are making significant progress in efficiency, unit cost reduction and customer service improvements. We will continue to roll out this approach in the second half of this year and in 2015. If you turn to Slide 18, I will take you through an example of asset optimization. This management operating system is now installed and running in 19 plants, with all facilities showing initial productivity improvements of approximately 4% on total industrial costs. In this particular example, in a large scale plant we have increased overall equipment effectiveness by 10 percentage points in wave 1, with another 10 percentage points of improvement to come in wave 2. This improvement will put this plant at Wara's [ph] best-in-class level of operating efficiency. This approach is delivering sustainable and repeatable productivity improvements and strengthening the overall business. On Slide 19, let me share with you a supply chain example. In all our key markets, we've introduced more disciplined supply chain management standards to reduce cost, reduce working capital and increase service levels. In this example, in one of our larger businesses, we have reduced our logistics costs by 6% in wave 1 since February, with another 6% opportunity to come in wave 2. These processes and tools are allowing us to reduce logistics and distribution costs, optimize our networks, simplify our distribution and increase on-time deliveries in full. So to summarize on Slide 20, we aim to grow food & ingredients to 35% of total EBIT of the company. We will deliver this goal through organic growth of the core business, a disciplined performance improvement program and bolt-on acquisitions that have a strong linkage to the full oilseeds or grains value chains. We believe this approach will deliver high returns and lower earnings volatility for Bunge, and this is already evident in the results of 2013 and half year results of 2014. As Drew and Soren mentioned, we expect this performance to continue and are on track to deliver another record year in 2014. Thank you.
Mark Haden: Dawn, that concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'd like to turn the call over for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Two key questions. One, the risks in North America, I can't help but wonder what could go wrong as we move into a potential record harvest season. And 2 risks that we see out there: one is the lack of railcar capacity to move crops out of the Midwest; and two, we're seeing a flood of DDGS in the U.S. What could that due to soy mill prices and margins? Could you address both of those and tell us whether either of them could have a material impact on your second half earnings?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I can do that, Ann. On the logistics front, I think similar to the year before this one in Brazil, the market, ourselves and other participants have had a year to prepare better. Last year was a surprise in terms of, particularly, railroad performance in the West. So I think we're in a more, let's say -- we know what to expect now, and we've had many discussions with the railroads. We're working very closely with them to make sure that we get turn times up, that we make the best of the available capacity that's out there. So I think we're walking into this with our eyes open, so is the market. And just like you saw in Brazil this year, doing the same down there sort of made the whole transition a much smoother one. So I think we're better placed. But that being said, there's no doubt there'll be a lot of pressure on transportation in the -- in North America, in the U.S. in particular, both on the rivers and with rail. And of course, all of that will be reflected in the price to the farmer. And we're able to price this in and manage risk accordingly. In terms of DDGS and the impact of the -- to say, the flowback of the export flow to China on the back of the GMO issue, it will have most likely a negative impact on soybean mill domestic consumption. We'll probably feel it mostly in the October, March period. But on the other side, the U.S. is the cheapest origin for soybean mill exports in the world. And so I think you can see it from some of the USDA projections or also privates. We do expect a record of October, March shipment program out of the U.S. Or whatever you might miss domestically in the U.S., we will make up for in increased exports. And our footprint in oilseeds and soybean crushing is one where we are nicely oriented towards exports, so we will benefit from that. So I think for Bunge, it's not going to be a big impact or at least not material, and we will have a nice offset on the export front.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up on the improvements -- the operating improvements. Just curious when you talk about world best-in-class as a benchmark, are we talking world best-in-class food processing? Are we talking about best-in-class globally in terms of processing -- food processing? I just worry that our benchmark is maybe not world-class in the overall scheme of manufacturing or processing.
Gordon J. Hardie: Ann, this is Gordon. We have external benchmarks both from the food industry and other industries in terms of plant performance. So if you take a measure like OEE, there would be global standards of best practice, both in the food industry and outside. And that's what we aim to -- we have some plants there already. And our goal is to get the whole fleet of plants up to that level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe, first, Soren, a question in agribusiness and the volume performance year-to-date. I think you're up 2% in the quarter and only 1% in the first 6 months, despite some very large crops in South America and the back end of a very large crop in the U.S. last fall. And just trying to get a sense, has the volumes this year lived up to your expectations? And if it hasn't, where has that shortfall really been driven?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, Brazil, certainly is a highlight. We have grown, in fact, market share in Brazil these past 6 months. And where we haven't grown as much has been in North America. We were hampered, like so many others, by the export constraints, logistics early in the year, the first quarter in particular. In Argentina, we have grown with the market. So I'll say that the real highlight has been in Brazil, and the -- sort of the less excitement has been in North America and Argentina. But I think as we get into the second half of the year now, we will have significant improvements in both North America. We are prepared and ready for a strong export program off the West Coast in the U.S., in the Gulf as well. And in the Black Sea, we are fully up and ready to run our port in Nikolayev, and also exports out of Russia at full speed. So the second half should show us an improvement in volumes that exceeds that of the first.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the initial color on food & ingredients and the medium term earnings growth is helpful. A couple of questions there. First, could you talk about the $100 million of organic earnings growth, how much of that is volume growth versus cost out? And then more kind of philosophically, you also talk about extracting the value from EBIT growth despite more limited volume growth there. How would that Slide 14 look if you were to chart ROIC for food & ingredients?
Gordon J. Hardie: In terms of the improvement program, I think it's weighted to -- we would expect volumes to grow at about 2% to 3% per year. And then we would look to improve margins by mix shift and then cost out combinations. So I would say the majority of the $100 million would come from shifting the margin mix and efficiency gains in manufacturing and supply chain.
Andrew J. Burke: Adam, it's -- I think the key issue here is we've really looked at how do we increase our returns in that business. So we have given -- as Gordon said, we've given up some volumes that came at pretty low returns and pretty large margin and focused on the higher margin opportunities. So you're getting an organic stronger growth in high-margin activities, but we're giving back volumes in low-margin activities. So you're not seeing a whole lot that prefears [ph] The revenue growth because we made a conscious decision to shift the portfolio, and at the same time you're getting the cost reductions rolling through.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Can you give an example of some business lines or product lines where you've actually exited? It's hard to really tell from the outside, given kind of all the different buckets in there.
Gordon J. Hardie: Yes, I think we've gone through each of the channels, either B2C or B2B, and we've looked at where cost-to-serve might have exceeded the margin from that channel or that customer group. And we've systematically cut back in that. We've done a lot that work, for example, in Brazil. We've done a lot that work in North America. So really it is focusing the efforts on the business where we can achieve our target margins and not chase volume for volume's sake.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: My first question is on all the headlines on Argentina. Just wondering if you could comment on what that, if anything, means to Bunge either just from a currency standpoint or from a business-related issue perspective?
Andrew J. Burke: We do not expect a big impact from the recent developments in Argentina. Argentina has always been a good market for us. It's a business we like. We're a major exporter and a major exporting industry for the country. So we expect that to continue to operate as normal as it affects our business. It may have some impact on domestic markets in Argentina, but our activity in the domestic markets is relatively small.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And within the agribusiness segment, volumes were relatively flat in the first half compared to last year. And I know there's a lot of moving parts here, but if you were to look at it in aggregate, should we see that growth accelerate in the back half, given the commentary around exports from North America?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think you should expect to see a pickup in pace in the second half. One thing I should've mentioned earlier was that China, our crush volumes and shipments to China were clearly down in the first half. So that's a contributing factor. And some of the crush rates and export out of Canada were down as well because mostly of weather problems. So between China and Canada, those were the negatives. But we had nice offsets, as I mentioned, particularly Brazil where we gained market share. The second half of the year should be -- should show nice growth.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then one last quick one on the share buyback program. You've bought back $200 million. Any thought on kind of stepping up the buyback from here? And does the strategic review of sugar prohibit you from doing anything from a buyback standpoint?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, as you mentioned, we bought back $108 million worth of shares in the second quarter, and we intend to buy another $100 million worth of shares in the third quarter. And this is all part of our capital allocation framework that we presented to you a couple of times, where we will continuously evaluate how best to use funds from operations, where to deploy it with the best return. So this is not something that we will announce once, and then do. We will look at this every month. And depending on our performance and our balance sheet, we will step it up or slow it down. The one thing we will not do is get ahead of ourselves. Most important thing for us is to make sure that our credit rating remains at BBB. And therefore, to make big statements about what we might do later in the year just doesn't serve any purpose. We will -- we're committed to making a balanced allocation of capital from our operations, and we will proceed with $100 million now in Q3, and then we will see where we go from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Cornell in with a few questions for David. Just want to get into a little bit about the pacing of earnings in the back half of the year. So basically, I think the message that you're sending is that we should look for the fourth quarter to be stronger than the third quarter on an absolute basis. And then just getting into the drivers of that, is it basically dependent on kind of the way farmer selling is heading down in South America, and so that you see kind of a slow pace of selling in the third quarter, but in the fourth quarter, things just get a lot more robust in the environment because of the big U.S. crop?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think in the fourth quarter, we will have both North America and all of Europe running at full speed. We will be running at full speed in the Black Sea, Eastern Europe, Western Europe, Southern Europe with soy, and we'll be running full out in both Canada and the U.S. So that's really what skews the results towards the fourth quarter. The third quarter is more of a transition, where we will still have nice contribution from South America. Fourth quarter in South America really is a matter of farmer selling, particularly in Argentina. In Brazil, at that time, we'll be mostly servicing the domestic market and -- school is still out and what happens in Argentina in the fourth quarter, there will be retention most likely, as we saw last year. The question is how much? But the skew to the fourth quarter really is a Northern Hemisphere situation. And we will -- we might be up and running faster in September, but certainly October, November, December, we will be at full speed.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then in China, I know that the environment was still weak, but you did say that you saw some sequential improvements there. Can you just talk about the conditions on the ground there and kind of what the outlook is for maybe the next couple of quarters?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think we are clearly in an improving situation from what was admittedly a very negative crush environment in the first half of the year. We're now moving into a better situation. Underlying fundamental demand for proteins in China is strong. Livestock profitability is back in positive territory, and offtake approaching is very strong. Clearly, the reduction in DDGS imports, if that is -- if that continues, will be to the benefit of soybean meal. So that will be a positive element as well. So demand is -- underlying demand is strong. And what we are doing at the moment and will do probably for the next quarter or so, is to digest this excess of soybeans that has been imported into China. The second quarter was an all-time record shipment of soybeans into China, and we are now chewing through that inventory. And as we do that, margins will improve. So I think Q3 will be a transition. Q4 should be good. And in all likelihood, we will have a good first quarter as well in China.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question, moving on to the sugar ethanol business. I know you guys mentioned that weather is kind of a key variable there. And I believe it's been pretty dry down in key parts of Brazil. Kind of going forward, if that continues, kind of what type of impact would that have on your business and maybe the guidance that you have of kind of flat profitability, kind of breakeven profitability this year? And are there kind of any offsets that you would see that are emerging?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it's volatile from a weather perspective, and you're right, we've had reasonably dry weather last -- the last week or so, we actually had a little bit of rain. But we're only 35% through harvest, so we've got 65% to go. The weather outlook for August is mostly dry, but we need dry weather through September and October to be comfortable that we hit our rates. Could we exceed them? It's possible. But at this point, I think our forecast for the 20.4 million tons of crush for the year is about as good of a guess as we can make, given the variability that you do have from rains, on and off. So I don't think we would want to increase or decrease at the moment. We feel comfortable reaching that. And we also feel comfortable that the ATR, which is a very important variable and this is tracking according to plan. So at this stage, I think the breakeven forecast for the segment is a solid one.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Healy from Scotiabank.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: First, I just want to add on to the Argentina question that you were asked. Just with the significant devaluation of the peso in the last year, we're coming up to another planning season. So farmers could be in a bit of a financial bind. Can you talk about what loan and barter programs you have with the farmers there? What kind of credit risk you have? And how any of that could change in the upcoming season?
Andrew J. Burke: We do not have significant credit risk with farmers in Argentina. So it is not a major issue from our side.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. So more of a barter situation than loans is kind of what you're saying?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, we're spot purchasers.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just as you get further into your strategic review on the sugar business, it's been several months now. Just curious, how real a possibility is it that you could choose status quo, just run the plant at breakeven until October elections, potentially bringing policy change? Is that a serious option? Or do you guys feel under pressure to do something?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the process is ongoing and we are making progress. We are exploring different alternatives. But timing, as you suggest, is difficult to predict. The state of the industry and the upcoming elections makes it very hard to give a date as to what to do. We will do the right thing for shareholders. We don't feel the pressure to do anything with the timeline. So let's see how it goes in 6 months. But the process is still ongoing and we're satisfied with the progress we've made.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question, I just want to clarify something on the food & ingredients projects that Gordon was talking about. When you look at those bar charts, the before and current and target, just want to confirm, is the before, 2013? And then the target is the 2017 forecast?
Gordon J. Hardie: Are you referring to the charts on the individual performance improvement measures?
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Yes. Just want to confirm what the timing is for the before and the target. Is that 2013 the before and then the target's 2017?
Gordon J. Hardie: Yes, 2000 and -- they would come through in 2015 and '16.
Andrew J. Burke: I think 2013 is a reasonable base to assume.
Gordon J. Hardie: Yes. That's the base, and then we've obviously made progress this year, and we would expect to make more progress again next year. So you could look at it over '14 and '15, and some will flow into '16.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Soren, when you think about the process that you underwent with taking the food & ingredients to a new level, I know Gordon's taking care of it. But when you kind of implement the process, can you talk about what the process was that made you think that you can get there? And is there a process that you can overlay that on to the agribusiness? And is there a synergy level that you'd expect to get over time from there as well?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, let me start with the last first. We are doing the same thing or similar thing or similar things in agribusiness. It's a different business obviously. So our focus in what areas to improve on are different. Logistics and operations, particularly crush operations globally, are the 2 things that we have in focus. But very much the similar approach to how we implement the program along the lines of what Gordon has talked about, taking the best of what we've got in Bunge or externally, and making sure that we get it implemented quickly in all parts of Bunge. That, we will go through in some more detail at our Investor Day in December. It's a much larger undertaking, which is why we couldn't do it now, but we will do it in December. So you'll see more specifically what it is we're talking about. But there are a lot of similarities in the programs and the improvement effort. They feed off each other, and we've made sure, and we are making sure that the teams that are working and the people who are leading these efforts are connected both across agribusiness and food. So we're benefiting from the knowledge and the experience on both sides. In terms of what made us realize that we had a potential to grow our food & ingredients business, well, I think it's been a collaborative discussion amongst the executive team here. What we did know -- what we knew for sure was that we have grown a sizable global business over the last 4 or 5 years in terms of volume presence and market share. And we were all somewhat frustrated about how it wasn't returning more. It had the potential to do more. So that's why we turned our focus on saying how can we get more out of this? We've got great market shares. We've got good positions. We've got an advantage linked to agribusiness that should be an advantage pretty much everywhere in the world. And as we systematically went through the areas in which we could improve, we discovered that there really was indeed a significant opportunity, and we are now executing on that. So it wasn't one thing. It was just the potential and actually a good team effort by everybody across the business.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Is there any progress or update on the sugar sale or what you're doing with that asset? And can you just give us an update on that?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I can just repeat what I just told earlier, which is that the process is ongoing and we are pleased with the progress we've made and how we reduced our exposure to the segment. We're exploring various alternatives so it's active. It's alive, but the timing is very difficult to predict. The state of the industry and the politics in Brazil, the upcoming elections really makes it hard for me to give you any hard date as to when we should expect something. But you can rest assured that we're working on it.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So the politics and the environment may actually delay the opportunity that you'll be able to monetize that asset, is that kind of the update? I just want to make sure.
Soren W. Schroder: I think the point is just that the -- how you put a value on something like this is influenced by so many factors. And politics and the state of the industry are obviously big pieces of that. And so we don't feel that we are under pressure to do something that is not in the interest of shareholders. So we're making sure that we make a measured and timely decision on this. And that's why I don't want to get boxed into giving a date.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my last question is, do you foresee any dislocation opportunities arising over the next 3 to 12 months that may come about for you guys?
Soren W. Schroder: I think for the next 6 months, probably nothing major. There will be some dislocations, most likely involving quality in wheat, which is sort of the only crop issue at the moment that is becoming pretty clear that we've got a global wheat crop which does not have a very good quality. So there may be some trade flows that are influenced by that. There will be the dislocation opportunity, if you wish, coming out of -- probably in the fourth quarter, of whatever happens in Argentina with farmer selling. That's something that we're all monitoring very, very closely. They're seeing significant potential for a large carrier out in Argentina again this year with soybeans. So one way or the other, that will have impacts on margins in the other part of the world. So I would say it's probably a matter of -- it's a combination of soybean retention in South America, Argentina, in particular, and wheat quality. Those are the 2 things that stand out. And then beyond that, we still have to grow next year's crop in South America. So we're assuming that we will have a long period of abundance, but that could change by the end of the year if things don't go well. So we will -- the next thing we'll be looking at is planting progress and crop development in South America as we get into the fall here. And who knows how that turns out? You know how quickly things can flip.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And has there been any change in any -- a big break in basis anywhere, for you to capitalize on?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the basis levels, in general, on an FOB level, whether it's in the U.S. or in South America, are probably at an all-time record high. So it probably wouldn't be in buying it. But in the interior, depending on transportation cost, there could be opportunities as we get into the fall harvest year. So -- but it's a little bit too early to comment on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Going back to the sugar guidance for the full year, Drew, can you just remind us how much you expect to generate out of cogeneration this year? And when we look at the second half sensitivity, how much dependency is there on your outlook for the ethanol versus cogeneration, and then raw sugar futures in the second half?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. We have increased our cogen capacity from last year, so we would expect revenues somewhere in the $30 million range. And as we've said before, that's a high-margin business so the profits may be somewhere in the low-20s. So cogen has developed very nicely in the energy market and Brazil is very strong. So that's a business that has played out very well for us. And I'm sorry, I missed your question on the raw sugar.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Well, I'm just trying to get a sense when you're looking at the second half. To hit the breakeven forecast, what is the most sensitive part from your perspective at this point? Is it on the ethanol side or the development in raw sugar futures for the second half?
Andrew J. Burke: I would think it's a couple of factors. The first is, the production in cost side is essential as we move through the year because crushing volume is a huge variable. And while our facilities are running, we have all the cane, we need the crushing season to be long enough, which implies we don't get too many days of rain. So we have budgeted in very normal weather conditions based on long-term forecasts. But weather doesn't always follow the long-term forecast. And then secondly, the sugar content in the cane is an important variable. So I would say those are the 2 major things. Then as you rightly say, pricing is an important variable. I would say the ethanol price is probably more likely to vary than the sugar price at this point. We can't hedge ethanol. We can hedge some of the sugar.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question on your, I guess, port utilization in the Pacific Northwest. Can you give us a sense of what utilization was in the first half? I know you were impacted by weather events this year. But looking towards the second half and a very ample crop development, where would you expect the port's facility utilization to likely come in looking at current crop conditions?
Soren W. Schroder: Transportation allowing, meaning that we can get the goods to the port, we have enough -- there's enough demand and certainly enough grain supply to run the port at 90%-plus. So whether we do that or not really is a matter of execution and transportation. And as we talked about earlier, that is an area of risk for the industry, frankly, in the Western Corn Belt, is how efficiently the railroads can turn trains. We think we are in a better spot than last year. We are better prepared to dialogue for the railroads who are constructed and good. They know what's at stake. So I would expect that we will have a very high level of utilization on the West Coast this year. And frankly, the market needs it.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: And how does that compare to last season? Were you operating at, at least 50%, 60% at that point?
Soren W. Schroder: No, no, it was higher than that, but it was certainly not at 90%. But it wasn't because demand wasn't there. It was because we had the bottlenecks and logistics couldn't get the grain to the port in time. So no, it wasn't that low. My guess, it was probably between 70% and 80%, but I don't have that number. I'll have to get back to you on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I apologize if you answered this already, but I was hopping between a few calls. Could you just talk about the -- you talked about wanting to do bolt-ons in food & ingredients. And just from my perspective, both inside and outside of agribusiness and food, it seems like this push into sort of higher-value food & ingredients is quite popular, and that's increased over the last several years. And the multiples for some of these more recent transactions have gotten pretty elevated. So what's your comfort level that there are actually bolt-ons that you're going to be able to do at multiples and returns that shareholders are going to be happy with?
Soren W. Schroder: I think the type of bolt-ons we are talking about and the place in the value chain is very close to, let's say, our existing lines of business. So you're talking about basic milling, basic oils and fats, not the extreme end of the value chain, so to speak. And in that space, multiples have stayed, from what I can tell, reasonable. Our returns expectation should be somewhere around 1.5x our WACC on those types of investments and that should equate to somewhere between 8.5x, 9x EBITDA. And if we can't get them and depending, of course, on synergies because each deal has a unique set of synergies with them, then we'll be disciplined. We don't feel we have to do this at any price. But we do believe that we have, across the areas in which Bunge is active in agribusiness, in food & ingredients, opportunities to strike some of those deals at fair valuations.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And just as a follow-up or a separate question. Last year ago, at this time, we were feeling like we had a big crop, and that outlook was positive. And then it turned out -- the operating environment became a little bit more challenging than people expected. Now we're going to have an even bigger crop. Why is this -- what are the risks to this larger crop from an execution perspective, both in terms of -- there's clearly going to be a lot of supply globally North America, South America. So will export margins hold up? And how should we think about the risks associated with this large crop?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think the starting point is probably that last year's agribusiness results for us in Q3 and Q4 were very, very good. I don't know if they were record, but they were very good. Close to record. So we think we have an environment which is similar, and export capacity and elevation margins, certainly in the Northern Hemisphere for the period of October through March, should be very favorable. Crush margins, as we've talked about, should be very favorable. So I think the operating environment is not so different than the last -- similar period last year where our results were quite good. So we are optimistic that it'll be, maybe not a repeat, but something close to that.
Operator: That was our last question. I will now turn the call back to Mark Haden for closing comments.
Mark Haden: Great, Dawn. Thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today. And again, a reminder, that our Investor Day will be on December 10 in New York City. Details to follow.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Loraine, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Loraine. And thank you, everyone for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the investor section of our website at www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information and its reports on file with the SEC, concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Good morning, and welcome. The first quarter was slower than expected, but our outlook for the remainder of the year is positive. Agribusiness should perform well. The global environment is solid, with growth in trading and demand for our oilseeds and grains. Food & ingredients, which performed as expected in the first quarter, should demonstrate sequential improvement throughout the year and deliver another record result. And despite the weak start in sugar & bioenergy, we project that we will reach break even to slightly positive EBIT for the year and fund all segment CapEx from operations. The strategic review of the sugar milling business is progressing and options lie ahead to improve our position in this segment and returns for shareholders. Overall, we are confident that on a combined basis, agribusiness and food & ingredients will generate a 2014 return on invested capital at 1.5 percentage points above our weighted average cost of capital of 7%. So we expect significantly higher results during the rest of the year, particularly in the second half. There's no change to our stated objective of generating overall returns at 2% above cost of capital in 2015. Now let me review some specifics from the quarter starting with agribusiness. We're particularly pleased with our performance in Brazil, where our assets and our commercial strategies performed exceptionally, but we faced headwinds in other areas. The primary negative variances versus last year were related to risk management, income in grains, above-market ocean freight cost in our distribution business and the poor crushing environment in China. Our overall grain volume was in line with expectations, but we expected a lower price environment, particularly for wheat, which did not materialize. Political turmoil in the Black Sea and deteriorating winter wheat conditions in the U.S. were the primary catalyst for the wheat rally, which ignored the more-than-adequate global stocks. While we struggled in the first quarter, we are confident in our approach and our team for good reasons. Our economic analysis and risk management capability has delivered strong results over many years and we believe the same will be the case this year. China presented significant challenges because the market shipped a record amount of soybeans from both Brazil and the U.S. into a sluggish demand environment. The results were stockpiling a negative crush margins at destination, as well as pressure on delivered soybean prices. We managed to reduce the pipeline feeding our China plants, but we still suffered negative results from both actual crush margins, as well as reduced value of our float inventory. Margins remained depressed, but as pipelines reduce and demand for poultry recovers, we expect that positive margins will return in the second half of the year. Soy margins were very strong in Europe, the United States and in Brazil, and for the next 2 quarters should support strong earnings, as farmers continue to market their crops. The Argentine farmer has priced only 20% of the crop and Brazil is well behind last year with only 60% fixed. This should translate into active pricing and opportunities to secure good forward margins. Most of the variance in sugar & bioenergy was related to mark-to-market losses on industrial hedges. We had and we still have the view that global sugar is oversupplied for the next year and we locked in sugar prices ahead of time, resulting in a negative mark-to-market of $31 million, as sugar futures moved higher during the quarter. Much of these losses will diverge throughout the year. Our global trading business also had a slow start to the year, but is now back on track. We've made significant improvements to cost and operating performance across a spectrum of sugar milling KPIs that should result in lower unit cost, as the crush campaign progresses. The most significant change has been a reduction in headcount of about 10% since the beginning of the year. All improvements are being realized in hours to productivity, industrial yields and logistics. We faced some unexpected challenges in the first quarter, but market fundamentals are strong, our outlook is positive and our focus on improving Bunge's performance is sharp. Our cost base is stable and cash cycle and working capital use improved compared to the prior year and we're making solid progress in important areas, including our food & ingredients improvement program. The food & ingredients program is aimed at improving operating efficiencies across our milling, refining and packaging operations, supporting customers in categories and boosting margins to improve product positioning and greater innovation. It has resulted in a temporary increase in SG&A, but the benefits are well worth it. Segment margins and volumes were both higher at the quarter and reduced working capital by 30% compared to last year. We continue to approach capital allocation in a balanced manner. We repurchased approximately $90 million of shares in the first quarter and expect to reach our previously announced $200 million repurchase target during the second quarter, at which point, we will reevaluate. And of course, we are pursuing targeted growth in key areas. Last week, we inaugurated our new port and export corridor in [indiscernible] Brazil and our first port in Australia at Bunbury low source [ph] vessel. Our new state-of-the-art crushing and refining complex at Altona, Manitoba is starting up production in what looks to be a very favorable crush environment. All these projects will add to earnings in the second half of the year. Now I'll turn it over to Drew, for some additional insights for the quarter and our outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thanks, Soren. Let's turn to Page 3 in the earnings guidance [ph]. As Soren said, we had a disappointing start to the year, with total segment EBIT adjusted on $75 million versus $260 million in the prior year. Net income attributable to Bunge was a loss of $13 million versus a profit of $180 million in the prior year. And income per share from continuing operations adjusted was a loss of $0.12 a share versus a profit of $1.15 in the prior year. In agribusiness, adjusted EBIT was $79 million versus a prior year of $175 million. Our oilseed processing businesses performed well and above-prior year with strong margins in Europe, Brazil and the United States. Our China crush business had a difficult quarter as margins were depressed due to an oversupply of beans in the country. Grain origination results were above prior year or mixed across geographies. Brazil outperformed with the arrival of the new crop and excellent execution, particularly in logistics. North America performed below prior-year, mainly due to logistical issues with the railroads. Our grains trading & distribution business had a difficult quarter with results well below prior year. Our commercial and risk management strategies anticipated a declining price environment that did not materialize. Instead, prices increased due to deteriorating U.S. winter wheat weather conditions and the political disruptions in the Black Sea eroding margins. Our business was repositioned during the quarter. Additionally, our ocean freight costs were high in the quarter. In order to manage the logistics around our global commodity flows, we operate a fleet of vessels under time charters. Accounting practice does not allow us to mark those charters to market and therefore, we may, on occasion, have vessels with higher rates, which are applied against commodity sales with lower freight rates, thereby creating higher cost and a lower margin in that period. That was particularly the case in the first quarter, where higher-priced vessels towards the ends of their lease contracts were used against lower-priced freight commodity sales. Our full book of time-chartered vessels is favorably priced against the forward freight market and we will experience economic gains when they execute in the future. For the balance of 2014, we do not expect any significant profit and loss impact from vessel executions. In addition to the impact created when matching vessels against commodity sales, there is an accounting result from our use of trade agreements, which we use to manage the price risk of our time charter fleet. These derivatives are marked-to-market, which means that as freight rates go up, we experience a negative accounting result in the derivative without an offset in the underlying time charter. During the quarter, we also had a negative impact from this effect. Our sugar & bioenergy business had an adjusted EBIT loss of $64 million versus a prior-year profit of $23 million. $31 million of the loss was related to mark-to-market losses on the hedge of our forward sugar sales. Trading & merchandising results were negative versus a strong prior-year performance. Excluding the hedge impact, our industrial business performed in line with expectations. Given the favorable pricing environment for ethanol and energy, we started operation at all mills during the quarter. This resulted in startup costs being pulled forward from the second quarter. Edible oil results were below prior-year, but the business developed nicely during the quarter as we focused on improving margins, investing in our brands in key retail markets and driving cost savings through our performance initiatives. Our United States, European and Asian businesses performed above prior year, while we realized lower results in Brazil and Canada. In both Brazil and Canada our focus was on margin improvement. This resulted in volume reductions in the first part of the quarter, that recovered in March at the higher margin levels. Our tax rate in the quarter was unusually high due to our earnings mix. This occurred as we realized losses in companies primarily to sugar entities, where we do not realize a tax benefit. We continue to forecast a tax rate for the full year of approximately 23%. Our wheat milling business, to go back 1 minute, we did perform well in the quarter. Our Brazilian business had strong results on the back of very good margins and our Mexican business, both the acquisitions we made this year and in prior year, performed in line within expectations and were profitable. Corn milling results were down slightly from where they had been historically been. Please turn to Page 4, in our return on invested capital. The chart shows our trailing 4 quarter average return on invested capital adjusted for notable items in the last 3 quarters of 2013 and the first quarter of 2014. For the first quarter of 2014, we have applied our full year forecasted tax rate of 23%. The adjusted returns are shown from Bunge Limited and Bunge Limited excluding the sugar & bioenergy segment. Overall, Bunge Limited return on invested capital continues to perform below our weighted average cost of capital. This is due to the performance of our sugar & bioenergy business and is the reason we have commenced the strategic review. Our other businesses, excluding the sugar & bioenergy segment, continue to perform above our weighted average cost of capital, but are not yet at our longer-term target of weighted average cost of capital plus 2%, which we expect to reach in 2015. For 2014, we are targeting weighted average cost of capital plus 1.5%, higher operating income, a lower tax rate and strict management of working capital should allow us to achieve this. Let's go to Page 5 in the cash flow highlights. Cash used for operating activities in the first quarter was $1.1 billion and reflects payments to U.S. farmers for grains purchased in 2013 and the arrival of the Brazilian harvest. The variance to prior year is due to the earlier arrival of the Brazilian harvest and higher payments to U.S. farmer, as the prior-year amount was lower, due to the 2012 drought. Our liquidity position remains strong, as we add $3.6 billion of borrowing capacity available under committed credit lines. Our share buyback program is progressing. We purchased $92 million in the first quarter and plan to purchase an additional $108 million in the second quarter. Capital spending in the quarter was $165 million and our target for the year remains $900 million. Our approach to capital allocation is detailed in the appendix to the slides. Let's turn to Page 6 in the outlook. The overall environment for our business is as positive for the remainder of the year through a combination of enhanced profit performance, management and disciplined investments in working capital, we are targeting a return on invested capital of 1.5% above weighted average cost of capital for our core agribusiness and food businesses. We continue to manage our sugar & bioenergy business to be cash positive and expect the segment to break even for the year. In agribusiness, demand should remain strong, as livestock economics are good and corn is replacing wheat and feed rations, increasing the demand for soybean meal. Large South American harvest will allow for strong export programs and high plant utilization. This should result in continued strong performance for our Brazilian business and increased performance in Argentina, as farmers' selling increases. The Northern Hemisphere is entering its low season when capacity utilization runs low. But looking out forward, margins in soy and soft seeds are good. China crush margins are likely to remain pressured through the second quarter, as the excess supply of soybeans is consumed. As supply and demand come into balance, we expect margins to improve in the second half of the year. In sugar & bioenergy, we expect the segment to be break even for the year. Despite the unfavorable weather to date, we have sufficient cane available to crush at or near capacity. Our productivity and cost control programs are meeting their objectives. Following the normal seasonality, our profits will be weighted towards the second half of the year. In food & ingredients, we expect each quarter to improve sequentially, as we move into seasonally stronger periods of the year. Our performance improvement programs are gaining traction towards enhanced productivity, cost reductions and lower working capital to usage. Our focus will be on improving margins and returns. The integration of our OpEx [ph] wheat mills is going well and we expect to extract more value from our Mexico milling operations, as the year progresses. As I mentioned earlier, we are forecasting a full year tax rate of approximately 23%. Now I'll turn the call back to the operator for your questions. Loraine, could you please take the questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan Bank.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: It's Ann Duignan here. I'm going to ask you the same question that I asked ADM the other day, and that's around the whole growth in on farm storage capacity and the U.S. and the power that the U.S. farmers now have versus historically. Do you see that as a secular trend and something you're going to have to battle against every year, whether it's fall that they don't sell as much of their crop or going into harvest, they have too much crop and you can make some money on the basis -- just ahead of harvest. If you would just talk about how the fundamentals are changing with on farm storage capacity in the U.S?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think, it's clear that certainly within the last year and probably this year that fact has had a negative impact on overall margins in the grain chain. I think it will take another year, another good crop for that to reverse. It really only had 1 good crop after 2 or 3 really poor ones to replenish supplies and pipelines are still relatively empty. So I think you'll have a normalization of margins, assuming we get another good crop. But in general, the trend towards farmers having more control in managing their own price risk, as they become bigger and more sophisticated, I think is undeniable.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And I agree with you on that. And then, can you talk about on the operating side the productivity improvements. I mean, how are you going about that? Are you benchmarking against best-in-class Bunge, best-in-class food processing, best-in-class processing industries globally? How are you going about that? And how do we get comfortable with the fact that coming out of all of this we will have a Bunge best in class in terms of productivity and costs, things you can manage?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think, as the year progresses and we advance in these programs, we should be able to share some of these KPIs with you. We do want to make sure we've got the right ones and that we've got enough data that is credible. Each segment has its own particular approach. In sugar & bioenergy, our benchmarking is mostly against the industry in Brazil, where there is a lot of public data available. But it is also within our own sugar assets. We have absolutely some of the best-in-class assets in our portfolio, so we can compare both. But there's plenty of industry data available to give you that benchmarking and comparison. In agribusiness, our focus is really on our global crushing plants, both soy and soft seeds, as well as logistics. Most of the benchmarking there is admittedly internal. But we also believe that we do have, within the Bunge portfolio, some of the best plants in the world. And logistics is something that is close to us. Food & ingredients, we are doing some external benchmarking. But again, most of the benchmarking is created from within Bunge. And the process, I would say in food & ingredients, is more advanced than in any of the other segments and very much focused on plants, operations and supply chain at this point.
Andrew J. Burke: And to add to that, just to explain how we look at internal versus external data. The external data is very helpful for is to set targets and establish a broad program of where we want to go and where we think the best-in-class companies are. When we get down to detailed action plans and detailed actions to define a specific goal, our best sources are internal benchmarking. We operate in a lot of similar plants. Plus publicly, it is not always available when energy consumption is in the crush plant from our competitors. We do know that from every one of our plants around the world and compare those numbers and developed plans to bring those that are not at best-in-class to that point. So it's a mix of the 2, but the details of the program are often better run off of our own internal data.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And where are we would you say in the whole process if you were to use like a baseball analogy? And then I'll get back in line. What inning are we in?
Soren W. Schroder: I'm probably not the right person to ask baseball questions to.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: No, I'm not the right one to be asking either.
Soren W. Schroder: But I'd say in food & ingredients, on a scale of 1 to 10, 10 being the end state, we are probably somewhere around a 5 and a 6. In agribusiness, I would say probably around the same. And in sugar, I would say we were probably a little bit more advanced.
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just some questions on the guidance of ROIC of 150 basis points over WACC for the agribusiness and food & ingredients business for the rest of the year. My rough bag of [indiscernible] math says that implies about $300 million and $330 million of non-sugar no front [ph] or about $450 million of nonsugar EBIT per quarter. And would get me EPS somewhere $6.25 to $6.50 range. Does that math strike you as reasonable? And if this, can talk about kind of confidence in achieving those levels of profitability in the agribusiness segments over the balance of the year?
Andrew J. Burke: Adam, as you know, we don't give guidance. I want to be a little bit careful here, a. And b, when we run this, partly and particularly in agribusiness, one of the key decisions for us is how much to invest in working capital. That is not a fixed number or just a matter of optimizing the number of days. It's what businesses do we want to participate in or what rate of return are they bringing. That is only to say we run the scenario at a number of net asset levels based on how aggressively we will be able to invest in working capital and we won't. Having said that, your numbers are in a range of possibilities that could eventuate as a way to get there. But I don't want to say it's the most likely case and the only case. There are cases with better asset management than that, that may end up with a little bit lower of a EPS but get you to a higher return based on what the market gives us an opportunity to do.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe on the quarter, I know in the prepared remarks there was some color on the components of the performance. But maybe anyway to quantify some of the relative sizing of the impacts on the -- from the merchandising activities in China and China soy crush? And the magnitude of those hits to the quarter?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I mean, I think we should talk about it as being variants to what we would consider to be a normal Q1 or last year for that matter. And within agribusiness specifically, we would say about $140 million of variance is explained by the 3 areas that are highlighted in the release. China accounting for approximately $30 million. Ocean freight roughly $50 million and the balance is a variance in risk income in our grains business of roughly $60 million. So that's the order of magnitude.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then lastly for me, just, can you give some more color on the outlook on the China soy crush environment? And why you're so confident that, that market will return to profitability in the second half of the year?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, shipments have begun to slow down. That's number 1. Domestic margins have recovered some as has demand, particularly for poultry. So I think Q2 will be a transition from what was admittedly a very dark place in crush margins in the first quarter. So by the time we get into July, August and we have reduced pipelines and demand for protein in China has normalized, I think we'll return to reasonable margins. Probably margins that are similar to what we had last year in the second half of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley. And our next question comes from Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: My first question is on working capital. I was wondering if you could give an outlook just to the extent your able on thoughts for working capital through the course of the year?
Andrew J. Burke: I covered it a little bit earlier. As we go through the course of the year, if you look at our numbers, you see a normal seasonal pattern that follows the harvest. So the fact that we would have an outflow in the first quarter is not unusual. A lot of farmers in the U.S. defer receded cash for their grains from the third and fourth quarters into the first quarter for tax purposes. So we usually have that flow and then we start the purchases in Brazil and South America. So the first quarter number was not unusual. As we move through the rest of the year, there's 2 factors that define it. One is we do have a tight working capital management to use as little working capital on normal operations as we can, particularly in our processing of businesses. But secondly, it is an ongoing capital allocation decision that we make, where if we were to invest in additional businesses, are the margins and returns in that business high enough or not to have us increase our investment, or are they low enough that we should decrease our investment of working capital, and we make that decision. So it will depend a lot as to how the market plays going forward. I think if we look at inventory and receivable levels go out the rest of the year, we'd look to take 1 day or 2 off our historical levels. And other than that, it's going to depend on the investment opportunities. Having said that, our base models do not have significant builds or declines in working capital.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then just one last quick one on the PED virus, any implications to your thoughts on crush margins for the year coming off of that?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it is having a negative impact on soy protein demand. Largely so far, it has been made up for in poultry. But as we get into the summer period now of crush in the U.S. I think the most important factor determining margins in the U.S. crushing industry will be the availability of soybeans. That will be the driving force behind what margins end up being. So the demand outlook is probably a little bit weak-ish, but it's the supply of soybeans that will determine how margins are this next 4 or 5 months. And it will be, in my mind, very much a repeat of last year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: As we look at the sugar business, I'm just curious after a rough opening to sugar results in 2014, whether coming out of this makes you more sensitive on the valuation that you're seeking for the business or potentially accelerate your willingness to hold onto the business as you go through the sales process?
Soren W. Schroder: No, it doesn't really change our approach to the strategic review. That was decided quite a while ago and it is progressing according to plan. We're pleased with the progress. What happened in Q1, I think is fully explainable and we are confident that will end up reaching the same end goal at breakeven for the segment EBIT wise, as we stated at the last call and even last year. So it really doesn't play into our considerations there.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And is there any change in your thinking of whether Brazil will potentially bring back another increase in the blend rate in 2014?
Soren W. Schroder: I think it is likely there could be a small increase in the anhydrous blend. But it is unlikely that there'll be any major policy changes this side of the election in Brazil.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just moving onto -- back to the oilseed business. You quantified the impact within the trading distribution. But I was just wondering how big of an impact, whether rail logistics and Canada impacted your oilseed business and how much that was related to canola?
Soren W. Schroder: The impact was not significant in our crushing business. It was probably more pronounced in our food business, where we did have delays in shipments as a consequence of the very bad weather and rail service. However, in Canadian business specifically, we did have a negative mark-to-market impact in our crushing business, as margins expanded through the period. I believe that I did mention that at an investor conference sometime in March as being a possible negative variance and it still is for the quarter, although it wasn't as big as it was at that time.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So just going back to the hedge lost, the variance was $60 million you said. Is that relative to variance or is that how much you lost? I guess, the reason I ask that is, I thought typically, you actually leak money in risk management simple loss or is that a variance relative to what you would have made last year?
Soren W. Schroder: That is basically the variance to what we would've made in a normal quarter.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then if I look forward these 3 issues should be resolved. Would you consider this quarter's results, excluding those, as a better gauge of ongoing profitability? Is that a fair way of looking at it?
Soren W. Schroder: I think no, without giving guidance as to what Q1 will be every year from now on, I would say that a normalized Q1 for agribusiness would have been somewhere between $200 million and $250 million. And so I think if you bridge our actual results to the gap I just gave you of $140 million that's where you end up. That's where you end up. So you can explain the difference in Q1, but clearly as we move into Q2 and Q3 and certainly Q4, you would expect that the agribusiness segment performance will increase and improve from there. We're confident that it will.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then, I think you said that you are reevaluating the share repurchase after the second quarter? What does that actually mean and why are you doing that? And why do you actually have to reevaluate? Why can't you make a decision today?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it just means that we continue as we look at the capital allocation framework and determine what is the best use of the cash we're getting in from operations. And once we get through this next -- this last piece of the repurchase program, we'll look at what's next. That's all. It just means it's continuous process it doesn't stop or end. So I guess I'm basically agreeing with you.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Alright, because to me, my sense is that if you put in place a long-term share repurchase plan and hypothetically you made an acquisition or did something else, that would be a good reason to obviously change your share repurchase plan. But an ongoing share repurchase plan seems to be a very logical situation.
Soren W. Schroder: It could be. What's very important to remember though is that our first priority is to keep our credit rating and our balance sheet in good shape. That is why we don't want to make too many statements about what we might do at some point in the future. Commodity markets are unpredictable as we've seen this past quarter. And so you want to preserve the flexibility to adjust as we go along.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: The next question is, I'm hoping it's a rogue news report. But I'm assuming that you guys would limit the size of your acquisitions to more bolt-on acquisitions given that you would like to actually get your operations in a strategically sound place before you did anything large. Is that a fair way to categorize your strategy, given you've just come into the CEO role?
Soren W. Schroder: We don't want to comment on any of the rumors. Whatever we do will be through the filter of our capital allocation process, making sure that whatever we do optimizes total shareholder returns in the best possible way. And that's really all I can say relative to that. We are very disciplined and very cautious and we'll go through that evaluation every time we think about doing small or big.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. Well, I bet I would speak for a lot of investors that I think you should get your operations in order before you did anything large. My final question is when I think about the outlook over the next year or so, how much incremental earnings do you expect to get from your CapEx spending?
Andrew J. Burke: Ken, our CapEx spending would have a hurdle rate on a cash flow basis at least 1.5x usually our cost of capital. So if our cost of capital is 7%, we're talking about 10.5% plus depending on the risk we would assign to a certain project is what we would look for and that would not as applies to all of the maintenance and investments. So in rough terms, if you would expect a 10% cash return over our CapEx budget that's probably fair.
Soren W. Schroder: That's about right.
Operator: And our next question comes from Christine Healy from Scotiabank.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: I have a couple of questions to ask you just on the sugar business. You mentioned in your comment that you've made some headcount reductions there. I was just curious, have those strictly been on the mill side of the business? Or also, are you cutting costs on the trading side too?
Soren W. Schroder: No, trading is not even considered in this. That's completely separate. The comment is exclusively related to our mills and our agriculture. So what's in the field and what's in the mills, that's where the headcount reduction tab and that's also where we have the largest number of people employed obviously. Our trading business is one that we feel very good about and we're very happy with the way it's structured and the talent we have in it.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. So the trading business, that is meeting your return objectives. When you're doing the strategic review that's strictly on the milling side of the sugar business?
Soren W. Schroder: That is correct. Our view on the trading businesses and it fits Bunge's overall portfolio well. It is very similar to what activities we perform in agribusiness. It is the same logistics corridors in many ways the same customer base and the same approach to risk management. So our trading business, all else equal, is a core part of our global commodity flow business.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And can you talk about your operations in Ukraine and Russia and whether you've seen or expect to see any impact in the political tensions there?
Soren W. Schroder: We've had some periods of slowdown. But I will say in general and it's difficult to generalize in that part of the world in a moment, but really both in Russia and the domestic Ukrainian markets, activities continue more or less uninterrupted. Our domestic oil business moves along, both in Russia and the Ukraine in a good way. And even port operations in Nikolayev, so exports of corn and wheat are continuing uninterrupted. So we've had some periods where farmers have held back and not sold as actively as others. But in general, given the level of political instability, operations have continued uninterrupted.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. Great. And then just lastly, you didn't highlight it in your comments. But just curious if China's rejections of corn and soybean shipments, whether or not that brought some extra costs to you?
Soren W. Schroder: No. Really our performance in China was really just related to the actual crush environment in China, in our own facilities and we were not impacted by -- in any material way of any of the rejections that have been talked about in the wires.
Operator: And our next question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I just wanted to get some clarity on the $140 million that you called out on the 3 items in the first quarter. And just appreciate for me the accounting around freight derivative contracts. It's probably as esoteric as it comes. So I understood from your commentary that the $50 million hit from the ocean freight, is that something that you will recoup or you won't?
Andrew J. Burke: As you said, Diane, we're getting into some esoteric territory here. The $50 million being recuperated, it's not a one-for-one in the way the accounting works. So that $50 million will stay. But the way we think about our freight is if we would take our full freight book now, all the leases we've charted in and compared them to market, where do we stand? Are we at market, above market or below market? And right now, our freight costs are about $70 million below market. A lot of that will come in '15 and '16 though, not so much in the rest of '14. So '14 would -- kind of the rest of the year, we think, will be about pretty neutral on that basis with then the benefit coming in the second half of some of those charters we got out there, and the lighter part of the charters in '15 and '16. And then separate from that is you got the mark-to-market on the derivative that can move around in any quarter and it does come back. But again, it's not a one-to-one match. And I'm sorry for a little bit of that vagueness. It's just that the accounting rules don't fit our ocean freight business that well and could simplify why that's the case is your mark-to-mark derivatives to market, but mark-to-market your lease contracts to market. So you're marking half of the transaction in effect.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: All right. And then can you just quantify for me what are the sugar start-up costs that rolled into the first quarter results that you had expected to appear in the second quarter? Is there an order of magnitude that we should think about there?
Soren W. Schroder: It's not precise, Diane, but somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range would have gotten pulled forward.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And then did you comment on your -- what is your CapEx budget for the year, is that -- it's $900 million?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, it's $900 million. It's the way that we described it in the last call. It hasn't changed.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. So that's actually in the appendix of your slides up here. Okay, great I see it here.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was taking a look at the proxy and I noticed in the executive compensation that the board rewarded management for the $250 million gain on sale for the fertilizer business in 2013. And I guess I was a little surprised to see that because it was an economic gain on sale, but I don't normally see that in the results of companies and how boards compensate. And I was just thinking like, the sugar business is now on the block. A lot of capital has been kind of destroyed in the sugar business. So there will probably be a loss there. Maybe you can't answer this question, but how will the board treat executive compensation when that business is sold? Will they treat it the same way?
Soren W. Schroder: That is really up to the board and not something I can talk to you about here.
Mark Haden: And Rob, this is Mark. I'd be happy to talk to you about the basis behind treating the fertilizer gain as it was, offline, if you would like.
Operator: And our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: This is Cornell Burnette with a couple of questions on behalf of David. So the first thing -- I just want to be clear, when I listened to the comments, in terms of what the full year is going to look like, it seems that despite the rough patch that you hit in the first quarter that fundamentally your outlook for the full year is relatively unchanged. I just wanted to make sure, first of all, if I had that thought correct?
Soren W. Schroder: I think you're correct on that.
Cornell Burnette - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then so I'm looking at it is you had kind of the $140 million negative variance in the first quarter. Basically a lot of this comes down to the fact that you're seeing I think a better environment forming in a lot of your markets over the coming quarters maybe versus what you were looking at previously. Specifically in crushing, I know that the USDA is expecting global crushings of oilseeds to increase 5% and a lot of that in '14 is driven by Brazil and South America, where the numbers are up about 9%. So I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about what you're seeing globally in price of crushing and specifically in South America? And what type of variances you look to come out of that region versus last year, which I think was a particularly difficult year down there.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think both in Brazil and Argentina, we expect the next probably 2 quarters to be quite good and better than we had earlier expected so go back like a few months. That is a big positive for us given our capacity both in Brazil and Argentina. And as you rightly said, Argentina last year was not really a contributor. So that should be a positive variance for us over the next couple of quarters. European soy crush, particularly Southern Europe for us, remains a very positive element. That should continue well into the summer. And in the U.S., I think we will still manage through this summer with reasonable margins and expect that Q4 like last year will be very good. China, we've talked about it. The next quarter is a transition quarter from very bad to hopefully something a little bit more reasonable and then a strong last half of the year. So overall, in balance I would say the soy crush environment looks better than we would have expected or expressed maybe a few months ago for the balance of the year. And in soft seeds, Canada is clearly the highlight. Canadian crush margins are excellent. We've got additional capacity coming on stream, as you know, with a good crop and I know that planting intention are strong. So at least acreage from Canada will be up and we should have another big canola crop. And in all likelihood very strong margins throughout the balance of this year. The same thing should be the case in New York, where I know soft seed crops, particularly rapeseeds are in good shape, they're well advanced and they're large. So soft seed crush margins, particularly rapeseed will be good and I think sunseed margins should also be good, as we get into the new crop. There is a fairly large overhang of sunseed stocks still in Eastern Europe to be commercialized. And I think they will come as farmers gain confidence about their new crop. So in general, the global crushing environment for Bunge looks very positive for the balance of the year.
Operator: And our next question comes from Matthew Korn from Barclays.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Dig a little bit deep here. Grain trading environment for China. We've seen Costco buying stakes in groups like Noble. I've seen some commentary on how that might change maybe some of the competitive dynamics for companies like Bunge, the implication that Chinese might be more self-reliant when it comes to ag commodity procurement. Would you have any concerns of any kind of structural squeeze emerging as a result of moves like this? And if not, why not?
Soren W. Schroder: I think -- well, China is a big market first of all, and one that is clearly sort of privatizing more and more as it's been stated by Chinese policy. And what Costco has done is fully consistent with their food security ambitions, which is to connect themselves at least for part of their supply into the global marketplace. And that's not really -- it's not really new. It's been expressed in many different ways over the last year and so now they've acted upon it. I think short-term it probably won't change much. Medium term, it could change a little bit but I'm convinced that Costco will want to remain closely connected to companies like ourselves and others. Costco is a big customer of Bunge today and I suspect that will be the case also a year from now. So I think it will be a mix of both.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. Also, along with China. We've seen so far this year a combination of bird flu, and depressed pork prices and the impact there in the demand side for feed and meal. I know your take's probably on the supply side that the Chinese kind of front-loaded to insure against any kind of reemergence of Brazil logistics issues. On the demand side, are there any things in particular, any things that you can point to, that give you conviction of an upturn in the second half of the year?
Soren W. Schroder: Other than offtake from our own crushing plants, that's typically the best way of gauging how demand is evolving both for protein and oil. And so when we look at the customers that we do business with every day and we deal directly with customers. We don't go through intermediaries in China. We can sense whether things are slowing down or speeding up. And frankly the offtake has been probably better than you would expect given the negative press around margins in China. So our team and our customers, frankly, reflect that things have probably bottomed out and are now improving again.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And last, this is more thematic, and maybe I'm thinking about this in an unsophisticated way. But the message has been, I think from you over this past year and frequently [ph] longer for years, that maybe you believe in your approach to risk management that you know you can't get all the bets correct, volatility is inherent with the operations in the business. And I know that these -- that the pain always feels more when you have particular quarters and current events like this. But you're moving seemingly to reduce volatility over a lot of the core businesses. You're getting more downstream, you sold off the fertilizer assets. Is there anything that you could do or that you would do to maybe reduce the amount of agribusiness income at risk when you have moves like this? Particularly when you have such a positive underlying environment and you see that emerging over the rest of the year. Because the concern will always be we see the trends, we see the trends of crush margins, we see the trends in flows. But there's always the aspect that, that can get lost in the noise of potential risk management working the wrong way.
Soren W. Schroder: I think in any given quarter, that is just a fact, and I don't think that will ever disappear entirely. That being said, we always go back and review and look and see if we could have could have done things differently or better. And we will do that in this case as well. But fundamentally, I am absolutely convinced and supportive of our process not only to economic analysis, but also risk management. It's proven, it's right and delivered good returns for really many years and many quarters. And so we are having to live with some of the volatility that is inherent quarter-on-quarter. But year in and year out, over the last many, our agribusiness risk management team and the economic analysis teams have really delivered the goods for us. And so can we improve? Yes, of course we can and we always look to do that. But I believe that we've got the right structure and the right process in place. The other way that we can -- and we are aiming at, let's say, reducing some of the risk in earnings is to grow the share of food and ingredients in Bunge. And if you say that today the share is somewhere between 20% and 23%, I think we've stated that getting to 35% is our objective. And we can do that in many different ways. Part of it is just improving what we've already got and part of it is by adding on pieces like we've done with Altex. That should help the mix overtime as well and should help reduce volatility in earnings. So, I think the combination of those 2 things will get us in a better place. But we'll never eliminate the quarter-on-quarter volatility in what is an agricultural commodity business.
Operator: And our final question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If somebody answered this, I can just go back and read the transcript later. But I'm just wondering if you talked at all about sort of your expectation for soy crush margins, as the Argentine farmer begins to release all these pent-up beans. Are you anticipating any sort of degradation in the crush outlook?
Soren W. Schroder: Vincent, I think we answered it, but just a short recap. I think overall, soy crush margins for Bunge and for the balance of the year. We feel unbalance will be favorable. We feel very good about soft seed margins particularly in Canada, but also in Europe as the new crop now begins to materialize. So overall, crushing both soy and soft should be good for the last and next 3 quarters. As it relates to Argentina specifically, that should be a highlight for us over the next quarter or 2 at least. Last year, Argentina didn't contribute much, for reasons that you know. But we've got a good crop. The farmer has only commercialized roughly 20% of the beans so far. And margins are good at the moment. We should be able to secure a nice couple of quarters of soy crush in Argentina and then the real question is to what extent will the overhang of soybeans have an impact on U.S. crushing margins in the last quarter and that's just too early to tell. A lot of that will depend on the political environment in China and how farmers and the population in general looks at economic situation. All else equal, I would say chances are that there will be a fair amount of retention again in Argentina as we go into the end of the year, but it's too early to tell.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Then, maybe as a follow-up on Argentina, there's the potential obviously for a change in government there, as well as in Brazil. And I'm going to assume that either or both, you would assume would be positive for you. But could you just discuss that in any further detail?
Soren W. Schroder: I don't really want to comment on the politics in Argentina. But I believe the election is 2 years from now. It's not this year. It's next year.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, next year.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. Yes. So I don't really want to get into that. We know that our business is important to both countries. And we feel comfortable operating in virtually any environment.
Operator: I would now turn the call back to Mr. Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Loraine. And thank you everyone else for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you. And thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2013 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Tricia, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Haden. Mark, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Trish. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Bunge had a solid quarter and our core business has performed very well. Combined, the agribusiness, edible oils and milling segments earned $422 million of EBIT and delivered a record annual result of approximately $1.3 billion with returns above cost of capital. Our agribusiness team performed well, effectively managing risks as markets transition from extreme tightness, especially North America, to large crops and strong demand with the arrival of the U.S. new crop, corn and soybeans. We capitalized on strong soy crush margins in the United States, Europe and in China, as well as in rape and canola crush in Europe and Canada. Export demand for corn and soybeans increased significantly in North America and we enjoyed strong corn and wheat flows through the black seaports. Global merchandising volumes and margins were up in Europe, in the Middle East and in Asia. And ocean freight moved higher throughout the quarter, supporting a higher value for our logistics network. In food and ingredients, we achieved record quarterly and full year results, with all regions reporting higher year-on-year earnings. In milling in Brazil, Mexico and United States we're improving our cost structure by delivering high-quality and better margin products. In edible oils across Bunge, we have new product introductions in both bottled oils and margarines and we continue to innovate with our customers in the B2B segments to bring them better functionality and health profiles. Our food team has really made big strides in its efforts to extract more value from operations by supporting the growth of our customers. Sugar and ethanol trading & merchandising operations performed well in the quarter and for the full year. We have a strong risk management and flow capability and we have established a global presence over the last couple of years, which complements both agribusiness customers and capabilities. Our Brazilian sugarcane milling operations continued to be impacted by the depressed global sugar prices, low sucrose cane content and capped ethanol prices in Brazil. As a consequence, we reported a loss for the quarter and for the year. Despite significantly lower sugar prices year-on-year, we did increase segment performance by $84 million on a full year basis. Many improvements have been accomplished in our sugar milling operations over the last year and despite the difficult market environment, our team is dedicated and focused on delivering more. We have a solid team that has grown stronger throughout the year and we are impressed with the progress they're making. As mentioned during the third quarter call, the volatility and capital intensive nature of the milling business is making us review strategic options how to best maximize returns. And in that regard, we have engaged a financial advisor to help us with the process. We'll keep you posted on progress as we make it. Since the middle of last year, all of Bunge is focused on improving returns by managing working capital better and optimizing results. We have rolled out a performance management system that allows us to track performance in a more granular way and to quickly identify areas in need of improvement. It's a team effort for continued accountability and direction. It extends globally and starts with the executive committee where we have had several changes and which is fully focused on delivering returns and growth to Bunge. Our objective is to grow smartly by delivering returns well above our WACC, which we did in 2013 in our agribusiness, food and fertilizer segments and we expect 2014 will show growth from there. Lastly, we believe our strong balance sheet and credit metrics provide us the opportunity to return capital to our shareholders as part of our balanced approach to capital allocation. As a result, commencing in the first quarter, we intend to repurchase $200 million of our common shares. Now I'll turn the call over to Drew, who will provide greater detail on the quarter of the year and the outlook. And he will also walk you through a more detailed presentation of our capital allocation framework, which we introduced in our last quarterly earnings call. Drew?
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Soren. Let's turn to Page 4 in the earnings highlights. We had a strong finish to the year, with total segment EBIT-adjusted of $404 million in the quarter versus a prior year result of $140 million. On a full year basis, total segment EBIT-adjusted was $1.3 billion versus $1.1 billion in the prior year. The annual result of our combined agribusiness and foods businesses was a record. Our earnings per share from continuing operations diluted was $0.75 in the quarter and $0.90 for the year. Adjusted earnings per share was $1.35 in the quarter and $4.78 for the year. These numbers were negatively impacted by high income tax expense. 2013 tax expense was $904 million. This includes $512 million related to valuation allowances on deferred tax assets, where management has determined that utilization of the tax benefits related to net operating loss carryforwards is uncertain. The majority of this amount pertains to our sugar businesses. There are also $78 million in charges related to the tax years 2008 to 2010 in Brazil. Our tax rate for the full year, excluding valuation allowances and discrete items, was 30%. This rate is higher than previous projections due to the current year impact of losses in legal entities where we have established the valuation allowances. When these legal entities have losses, we do not provide a tax benefit. This means income before taxes is reduced, while our tax pace -- expense is unchanged, increasing the tax rate. In the fourth quarter, our tax rate was elevated due to this factor and our earnings mix is we had strong earnings in legal entities with higher tax rates. Looking forward to 2014, we are forecasting a tax rate of approximately 23%. The reduction from the 2013 rate is due to an expected reduction of losses from the legal entities, where we have valuation allowances, primarily our sugar entities and the implementation of certain tax planning and capital structure initiatives. Higher than forecast performance in our industrial sugar businesses will come with a very low tax expense and reduce the tax rate, while below forecast performance will come without a tax benefit and increase the tax rate. A change in our earnings mix by legal entity can also cause our rate to vary. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT in the quarter was $346 million versus $134 million in the prior year. Large Northern Hemisphere harvest led to stronger volumes in margins in both oilseed processing and grains origination and distribution. Oilseed processing margins were strong in North America, Europe and China due to the larger crop, strong demand and the absence of significant export volumes from South America. Our merchandising business results benefited from strong export programs to Asia, the Middle East and Europe. For the full year, agribusiness adjusted segment EBIT was $1 billion, slightly below last year's record. Our Brazilian business had a record year, driven by our ability to handle and process a record crop. Our network of logistics and processing assets and a strong experienced team provided an advantage in managing the logistical and risk management challenges. Our Northern Hemisphere businesses had a strong finish to the year with the arrival of the new crop. Our sugar & bioenergy business had a loss in the quarter of $35 million on an adjusted basis versus a loss of $49 million in the prior year. While improved from last year, the result was below our expectations due to the impact of lower ATR, which is the sucrose content in the cane. Our emphasis in the quarter was to continue to reduce our fixed industrial costs and increase our agricultural productivity. To reduce our fixed costs, we have reduced headcount by about 10% between May 2013 and January 2014. Additionally, we have reduced our harvester fleet by 5% going into 2014, reflecting the productivity improvements we have made. On a full year basis, the sugar & bioenergy segment had a loss of $34 million versus a loss of $118 million in the prior year. This improvement reflects a strong performance by our sugar and ethanol trading and distribution businesses, where we have continued to build a stronger global team, origination and distribution network and customer base. Our foods & ingredients business had a record quarter and year. Adjusted quarterly EBIT was $84 million versus $49 million in the prior year. Results in both milling and edible oils were driven by higher gross margins and reflect our focus on margin management, achieving industrial efficiencies and new product introductions. Both wheat and corn milling performed well in the quarter and above prior year levels. Wheat milling benefited from increased margins in Brazil and the strong performance of our Mexican wheat milling business. Edible oils had a strong quarter, led by stronger volumes in margins in our European business. On a full year basis, food & ingredients adjusted EBIT was $280 million versus $166 million in the prior year. The improvement was broadly based across all our food businesses, but was strongest in Brazil. Our fertilizer business had adjusted segment EBIT of $9 million in the quarter and $37 million year-to-date. The main contributors are our Brazilian port operation in Argentine fertilizer business. Let's turn to Page 5 in our return on invested capital. The chart shows 3 scenarios. The first column is our return on invested capital based on our results as reported, including the charges for notable items. This yields a return on invested capital of 1.1%. The second column represents our return on invested capital adjusting for the notable items included in the press release tables, making these adjustments you'd come to an effective tax rate of 30%. This results in a return on invested capital of 5.8%, which is below our cost of capital of 7%. The below cost of capital returns are primarily due to our industrial sugar businesses. For illustrative purposes, we have calculated the return on invested capital, excluding the notable items in the assets and results of our sugar & bioenergy segment. The effective tax rate in this calculation is also 30%. This results in a return of 7.5%, which is above our cost of capital of 7%. We remain committed to achieving a return 2% above our cost of capital as we continue to improve returns in foods and agribusiness, complete our strategic review of sugar & bioenergy and take the consequent actions and our tax rates returns to the expected long-term level. Let's turn to Page 6 in the cash flow highlights. Cash flow from operations in 2013 was $2.2 billion. Funds from operations were approximately $1.2 billion. This reflects our net income, depreciation and amortization and the fact that the notable tax charges were noncash charges. We also had a cash inflow of approximately $1 billion due to changes in our operating assets and liabilities. The inflow from operating assets reflects our continued focus on optimizing working capital levels and a decline in commodity prices. Our liquidity position remains strong. At December 31, we had $4.3 billion of capacity available under committed credit facilities. Our capital expenditures for the year were approximately $1 million and in line with our expectations. Let's turn to Page 7 in the outlook. As Soren said, our agribusiness and food & ingredients business entered 2014 with good momentum. Agribusiness markets are transitioning from tightness to emerging surpluses, as large Northern Hemisphere crops are being followed by large South American crops. Demand for products is strong, supported by moderating product prices and good livestock production economics. The Northern Hemisphere will be the primary supplier of export markets in the first quarter. Oilseed processing margins are solid and there's still a sizable amount of corn to come to market in the United States. South American harvest will be large and they will become the world's principal supplier during the second and third quarters. Brazil will once again be challenged by logistics, but this plays to our logistics goal and risk management strengths. Please turn to Page 8. In sugar & bioenergy, we are forecasting a breakeven result for this segment. We expect a continued solid performance in both our sugar and ethanol trading and merchandising operations. The overall environment for the industrial sugar business is challenging. Gasoline prices in Brazil remain below international parity, putting a cap on ethanol pricing. Sugar pricing is depressed as the global market is in surplus. Our forecast for improved results is based on our productivity efforts continuing to reduce cost, a higher crush volume and an improvement in the ATR. We would also like to note that the early weather conditions have not been favorable and this may result in reduced sugarcane yields. If there is a small reduction in yields, the impact is not severe as we have a buffer supply of cane that would let us crush at or near anticipated levels. A drop in yields that require a reduction in our crush capacities would have a larger impact. As a reminder, industrial sugar results are heavily weighted to the second half of the year following the normal seasonal pattern. The first quarter is likely to be weaker than usual as we're carrying in relatively high-cost inventories from the 2013 crop. In foods & ingredients, we expect to continue to grow our earnings as demand for our core products is strong in most geographies and will continue to benefit from joint growth initiatives with our customers, product innovation and operational efficiencies. We will also have incremental profits from our acquisition of Grupo Altex wheat mills. As a reminder, the fourth quarter is generally slower in our food business for seasonal reasons. Overall, we remain confident that our agribusiness in foods businesses will continue to grow and increase returns. In sugar & bioenergy, we remain focused on increasing productivity and lowering our cost structure to put us in a position to benefit when market conditions improve. We will also continue to work toward completion of our strategic review. Now I would like to spend a few minutes talking about our capital allocation priorities. If you would please turn to Slide 11. Last quarter, we introduced our capital allocation framework indicating our priorities, as shown on this chart. Now I want to go a little deeper into each of these 4 areas: first, balance sheet strength; second, reinvesting in the cap -- in the business or capital expenditures; third, M&A; and fourth, returning capital to shareholders. The key principle underlying our approach is that we will always choose the alternative that we believe maximizes value to our shareholders. Turning to Slide 12. As we have consistently stated, our first priority is to have a strong balance sheet as defined by a BBB credit rating. Due to the nature of our business, where relatively sudden commodity price spikes can occur without much warning, we feel it is essential to have a strong and flexible balance sheet. When prices spike, markets are encouraging farmers around the world to sell, not just their current inventories, but their future production as well. This provides opportunities for us. And the degree that we can take advantage of these opportunities requires readily available liquidity and access to capital. We view this as a competitive advantage in our industry. As you can see, our core credit metrics all improved in 2013. Moving to Slide 13. We hit our targeted 2013 capital expenditures spend of $1 billion, which was $200 million lower than we originally targeted at the beginning of the year. Looking at 2014, we are decreasing our capital expenditure further and are targeting about $900 million. Our capital expenditure target is based on a bottoms-up assessment, which starts with maintenance. Those investments needed to keep the operations running reliably and safely and producing the quality products that our customers expect from us. Next we prioritize productivity, profit-enhancing project. These projects tend to be low risk with short paybacks. Lastly, our investments in growth projects. Each year, we have a long list of project submitted by our operating companies. The projects that are ultimately are approved are those with the most attractive returns that fit our strategy with consideration to payback period. The hurdle rate used to evaluate a specific project is unique to the particular business unit, reflecting the nature of the business and country of operation. In other words, a crush plant in Canada will have a different hurdle rate than a similar crush plant in Ukraine. The level of growth of capital -- of growth capital expenditure can vary each year. It will depend on the products, the market environment and be assessed against alternatives, such as returning to capital to shareholders that may have a more attractive risk-adjusted return. Moving to Slide 14. You can see the split of our capital expenditures by segment, as well as by geography, indicating our balanced approach to investment. The diversification is an important aspect of how we manage risk. And comparing to 2012, the major differences are a reduction in total investment of about $300 million and a significant decrease in the amount invested in our sugarcane milling operations in Brazil, where we are now only investing in maintenance to support our plantation and industrial assets and select productivity projects that can enhance our cost structure. Turning to Slide 15. This shows a representation of the major projects that we're bringing online during 2014 and also those projects in which we will begin construction during the year. Priorities are in logistical assets, such as ports and crushing capacity in selected markets. To build the crush plant typically takes between 18 and 24 months. Moving to Slide 16. Mergers and acquisitions have been an important part of our strategy over the years and will continue to be. We tend to prefer acquisitions over greenfield investments as it helps maintain balance in industry supply and demand and immediately provides cash flow. Our current priorities are filling gaps in our agribusiness global network and expanding in food & ingredients. Examples of this would be our recent investments in wheat milling assets in Mexico and our export terminal in Ukraine. Acquisitions are subject to the strict hurdle rates and are assessed against the alternatives of reinvesting in organic growth or repurchasing shares. Turning to Slide 17. We recognize that dividends and share repurchases are an important overall component of value creation for shareholders and they are part of our capital strategy. We have increased our dividend every year since our IPO in 2001, averaging an 11% increase over that period. Looking forward, we intend to target maintaining increases in line with this historical average. With respect to share repurchases, we have an existing program of $950 million, with approximately $500 million available. As Soren mentioned earlier in his comments that commencing in the first quarter, we intend to repurchase $200 million of our common shares under this authorization. Turning to Slide 18 and to summarize the capital allocation portion. First, we will maintain a strong balance sheet as a top priority. Dividends and share repurchases will be an ongoing component of our overall value creation framework to maximize shareholder returns. M&A will continue to be a part of our growth strategy, with agribusiness and foods being priorities. And CapEx is not set in stone at a specific level. It is a bottoms-up approach, starting with maintenance and prioritizing shorter payback profit-enhancing projects. Growth projects will vary depending on specific project opportunities. The market environment and in targeted investments, such as returning capital to shareholders. That concludes my comments and now we will open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: We've been hearing about another step-up in logistical cost in Brazil year-over-year. So it sounds like plus 20% this year over last year's big increases. In the press release, you sort of talked about the tough logistics with the larger record crop being sort of an opportunity. What's changed this year about the ability to sort of deal with that higher trucking expense versus last year, or was it really kind of a headwind?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, last year, it was fully truly unexpected. That's the first thing. And secondly, keep in mind that roughly 60% of our flows to the ports are by rail. So we have a little bit of a different exposure to truck freight than maybe many others. So far, I will say that truck rates are absolutely in line with what we expected as we entered the crop. That doesn't mean it's going to stay that way. It could be that as we get into the peak sometime late April, early May, that there'll be some variation. But the early flows and the rates we're paying and have secured are absolutely in line with what we've been forecasting. So, so far, we don't feel any particular pressure.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, the Argentine farmer has been holding on to a lot of beans. Could you talk about how that sort of impacted your fourth quarter and how you see that -- what you expect them to -- when they're going to release those beans and how that might impact your first half?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, it's had both good and bad impact, so to speak. In Argentina, obviously, we've been running our plants and our export facilities at lower-than-desired utilization and margins. The flipside of that is it pushed demand into the Northern Hemisphere, U.S. in particular, where we enjoy better margins. On balance, probably a small negative, but not significant. What to expect? Well, that's a good question. I don't think anybody really knows. What we believe is that as we get into, let's say, the early part of March or middle March, through May and maybe into early June, we will see a normal flow of new crop beans and corn into the marketplace from Argentina. The carryover is significant in soybeans and farmers do need to free up cash. Beyond that, I will say beyond June, it's really anybody's guess again and it will depend largely on the sort of the macroeconomic and political situation in Argentina.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I have 2 questions on your sugar business in Brazil. First one, there's a lot of talk in the U.S. that if the EPA lowers the mandate for U.S. ethanol, that suddenly, the U.S. will export more ethanol, competing with the Brazilian ethanol market. Can you just talk a little bit about that and the dynamics and whether Brazilian ethanol can be as competitive as the U.S. on the export market?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think it is. I think it is fair to say that U.S.-based ethanol with corn prices that are -- will be on our lower will compete more favorably into markets that don't distinguish between the sustainability angle of the origin of ethanol. So for most destinations, U.S. ethanol will be favored because of price and Brazil will have a hard time competing in those markets. And that's why we believe that the long-term, let's say, solution to the Brazilian ethanol equation really is a domestic one and one that's pretty obvious and would be remedied the moment that fuel prices in Brazil are equalized with global prices. So Brazil should become more of a domestic fuel market and the U.S. is in the process of capturing a larger share of global ethanol trade.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the valuation of the sugar business. Can you talk a little bit about directionally what the changes in the European cap, where they will not eventually be subsidizing their own domestic sugar industry? Does that enhance the value of your business, or does that negatively impact the valuation?
Soren W. Schroder: No, I think on balance, I think it will be a positive. European sugar prices will eventually mean that cheaper origin sugars will make their way into Europe rather than expensive domestic ones.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And when would you anticipate giving us the next update in terms of the strategic review that you are undergoing? Is that next quarter or do you think it'll take 6 months? How long do you think the review will take?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the process has started, as we've mentioned. It's very difficult to predict how long it will take. We will tell you when we know something.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe first, excluding sugar, the company earned a 7.5% return on invested capital in 2013, clearly below your long-term targets. But I'm just wondering, how below your targets relative to your expectations did you actually come in? Because the operating environment is very large crop in Brazil. You had pretty good crush margins in the second half of the year in the Northern Hemisphere. And I'm just trying to understand kind of the delta versus your own expectations on the return performance.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think this -- Drew can comment in detail, but the 7.5% return is with a 30% tax rate. So I think if you normalize for our forward-looking tax rate of 22%, 23%, you would bump that by how much, Drew?
Andrew J. Burke: Half a point, a little bit more.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, so you get to 8%, which would have been well in line with our expectations. So I think we achieved more or less as we expected. And going forward, getting from, let's say, a normalized return based on that forward-looking tax rate of 8% to the 9% that we desire is absolutely within reach.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And maybe along those lines, I mean, the 4Q performance in agribusiness, were those actually in line with your own expectations? I know you characterized them as solid. I'm just trying to recognize, I mean, I would have thought the margin performance in the Northern Hemisphere could have made it a bit better.
Soren W. Schroder: I think overall, agribusiness in Q4 did very well across all regions. And don't forget it was the second to the best year we've ever had. One area where I think we -- there could have been upside was probably in the U.S. grain handling, where farmer retention, particularly in corn, meant that the carry income that did not come that we normally would have in the fourth quarter didn't materialize. And as you might know, there were some significant logistics snags, particularly in the Western Corn Belt, that impacted returns of the export pipeline there. So that's probably the only area, I would say, that we could have expected more and didn't get it, but really beyond our control.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler from Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just -- just a follow-up on that. I guess, thinking about the outlook for agribusiness next year, you have another record harvest coming in Brazil. It sounds like -- seems like there's going to be some more grains moving in the U.S. Why won't next year be a record year in profits? It seems like the first quarter should get off to a really good start in the Northern Hemisphere for crush margins and then you've got Brazil coming online in the second, third quarter.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, there's no reason it couldn't be a record year, that's for sure. And the conditions you mentioned are clearly favorable. Good margins starting out in the Northern Hemisphere. Canadian canola margins were excellent. We are in front of a record crop in South America with good margins. Rate margins in Europe are good and all likely will produce another very large soft-seed crop in Europe. Grain handling volumes should be up. So yes, the conditions are there for a very good year in agribusiness.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just -- I guess, just thinking about the drought conditions going on in Brazil. I know you did mention it could impact sugar. Is it having any impact on the soybean crop at all? And I guess, how might it impact the safrina?
Soren W. Schroder: I think the overall soybean crop will be -- definitely be a record one. The northwestern part of Brazil is probably better than people expect and there are some parts of the south that are a little bit worse. But on average, the soybean crop in total looks to be really just an excellent one. Plantings of the summer corn crop in Mato Grosso is well under way and looks good. The area is in Parla, where we do have dryness and -- but I also know that we expect rains over the next 10 days. So that's probably a little bit too early to call. But overall, the bean crop I think is more or less secure and we should still, under any circumstance, have a very solid safrina corn crop.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And then just last question is, in terms of the share repurchase, obviously, appreciate returning cash to shareholders, but why is $200 million the right number and how did you guys come up with that? And if there's $500 million left under the authorization, could it be higher than that if maybe some M&A doesn't develop? And I guess, can you just talk about the timing?
Andrew J. Burke: The timing is, we're going to commence the repurchase this quarter, so pretty soon to buy the $200 million and we'll do that over a reasonable period of time. As to why $200 million, it was the amount we are comfortable with at this point. We're going to go ahead and complete that program. And then we'll use our capital allocation project and can -- process and continually review whether we wanted to add to that or not. As you indicated, we would still have $300 million of availability under our current authorization.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: So first of all, I appreciate the detail on your thoughts on capital allocation, the list of projects and how you've bucketed the spending. I'm just kind of about, so to the extent that you're looking at the sugar business and you've hired a financial advisor to help you assess that, can you, first of all, tell me what's the current carrying value of the sugar business? I know you've had some asset impairments, et cetera. And then to the extent that you do sell that business, how should we think about the proceeds? Does it flow into your regular capital allocation process that you've articulated this morning, or are you more inclined to pay it back to shareholders? The reason behind my question is because investors have sort of held your stock for the last few years with the promise that sugar is going to get better. It's bad this year because we had drought, next year it will be better and that's never really materialized for shareholders. So I guess, the -- what I'm asking is kind of a philosophical question, like how are you going to kind of make that right with shareholders if you do, in fact, sell the business eventually?
Andrew J. Burke: Thanks, Diane. I don't want to give a precise number on the sugar business because it obviously moves based on how much inventories we have at any point in time or that type of thing. But it's typically between $2 billion and $2.5 billion of book value in the sugar business. As to what we'll do with the funds, we will go through our capital allocation process and we will allocate it to what brings the biggest return to the shareholders. So what brings the biggest return to the shareholders is return of capital to shareholders, we'll do that. If what brings the biggest return to shareholders is an investment somewhere in our business, we would do that. But we will go through that same process we described earlier and are open to all the options in -- with the primary principle of being able to maximize value return to shareholders.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: Okay. And in light of that statement, can you just talk to me a little bit about how you -- you have elaborated on a number of projects here that you have going on globally. Can you give us a little bit more clarity on sort of where you think the weaknesses are in your asset base. So is it we need more exposure in Asia and China in particular, or we need to have more assets in the Baltic region? I mean, can you give us an idea about sort of where you think you’re relative -- I guess, where you're not very strong, where you would be looking to grow on a geographic basis or on a feedstock basis? If you think, well, we really need to be in palm, for instance, et cetera? Could you just give us a little bit more color on that?
Soren W. Schroder: Sure. I will say that the -- in agribusiness, we really do have a nicely well-rounded global footprint, but with a couple of gaps. One is in Australia and you see one project, I believe, in the schedule that talks about Bunbury, which is the first of our investments in Australia. We need to build that out more. So Australia is a work in progress. Western Canada is another piece of the equation that we still have to fill in. So those would be the 2 areas that we are currently looking at that we are not represented in. Other than that, I would say it's about continuing to strengthen our network in Brazil. Brazil will remain the powerhouse. And whilst we have a fantastic presence already, we still need to build infrastructure to support our new export terminals and activities in the northern part of Brazil. And in the Black Sea, we'll continue to look, particularly to the Ukraine, to solidify our position. But where we have blank spots, I will say it's Canada and Australia. And the rest of it, really, is a matter of tailoring additional -- or timing additional capacity to when the market needs it and not to look -- to get too far ahead of the demand curve, which is one of the reasons we've been able to reduce CapEx a bit, delaying some additional capacity projects in markets we already established. So Diane, let me just finish. So that's on the agribusiness. And I wanted to make just one comment on food & ingredients, which is an important piece of our business. You can see it from the results this past quarter and last year. And we really do believe that we have a role to play in milling, in particular, whether it's wheat, whether it's corn, whether rice milling, but wheat milling is probably top of mind. And there, we are looking to solidify our position in Brazil and Mexico and I will say in the Americas, in general. And where we can bolt on acquisitions that makes sense and fit in our network, we'll be doing that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Just a very quick question on the milling side of the business. I really like the fact that you're adding more cash flow stability into the overall operating model. But I think it would be helpful to give at least some perspective what the incremental EBIT contribution could be now that you've made quite a few acquisitions in the space during the second half of 2013. Is there any color that you can provide there?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the Altex acquisition will give a run rate EBIT of about $35 million. So that's the addition from that acquisition. Across all of our milling activities, Brazil and the existing ones in Mexico, we also do expect a lift in earnings as we become more efficient and as we improve margins in general. How much that is, remains to be seen. But it's another positive on top of the 35. So say 35 plus, I can't really give much more guidance on that, but we believe there is upside in our existing business as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a very high level question. How do you frame 2014 agribusiness outlook relative to past years?
Soren W. Schroder: I'll say it's favorable. It's -- I think we just had to comment. It has the potential for being a record year. So...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In terms of the margin structure -- that's the margin structure then you overlaid capacity expansions on top of that. That's what I'm trying to get, the 2 pieces together, right? There's one piece on the operating environment margin structure and then all that you've spent over the last 3 to 4 years.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. There are a few very interesting projects that are coming onstream that are on the map or the slide that Drew showed you. One is the port in the Brazil, Kafroun up by Berlin. That will give us an additional 1 million to 1.5 million tons of export capacity in a region that really needs it. So that will be in addition to, let's say, the -- whatever the baseline you want to use. You've got Altona, which is a new crushing plant in Canada. That's coming onstream with almost 3,000 tons of the daily capacity and perhaps, will be a very favorable margin environment. So those are a couple of big projects that are coming onstream in the first few months of this year. That should have positive impact on the underlying business. And in addition to that, I think the overall environment is just one where we will have a better margin structure in general throughout the world and not just in one region. And grain flows and grain trade, in general, should be improving.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great. You mentioned in your prepared comments that you have put in systems to spot certain weaknesses across your portfolio. Can you talk about what it is now so far?
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Ken, in a broad way, as we take a look across the portfolio, we have operations in a lot of different countries. And as we go in, we compare their operation metrics and returns. We find opportunities in 2 regions. One is to drive our best practices across the company and to get all our facilities, manufacturing facilities, ports, logistic networks performing at the same high levels. So we take the lessons from our best performers to the weaker performers and try to close those gaps, which is very efficiently, because when we get productivity improvement and operating efficiencies of that nature, it comes right to our profits. The second thing we do and we've always done is we take a hard look at the underperforming businesses that we have. We always have some markets that are performing better than others and in some businesses that are performing better and we're trying to be quicker and more consequent in addressing the ones that are performing below targets. So I would think in the early-stage, those are the 2 big things we've seen and we're going to continue to work that process and pull out as much of that value as we can.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And another question I have is, in your slide deck, you kind of put together your mix of maintenance CapEx and your productivity and your growth. And I was able to go back to past presentations where you -- the other slides were -- I was able to compare. But I couldn't figure out -- I couldn't find any type of slide that showed that relative to past. So how much actually did that mix change, say, 3 years ago to today? Because it sounds like you're making changes. I'm just trying to document what the changes have been. And if there's any color that you could lead -- help us out with that, that would be helpful, because it seems like productivity has become a greater part and growth has been smaller or could you just talk to that, the changes there?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think, Ken, the big factor change over the last couple of years is we've introduced more spend and we're kind of putting a cap on our spending relative to the amount of assets we have that was grown over the years. So you're seeing the total decline. And we look to take that decline in 2 main areas. One is actually in our maintenance CapEx. We've had a major predictive maintenance program in place that we started a couple of years ago that is now starting to produce dividends and a dividend that should produce is that we get better at it and we have to do less major capital process in that arena and do more in advance. So we're looking to bring down the maintenance point at par, because while it is essential, it is isn't always value-adding. So we'd like to minimize that and I think the other place you've seen us shrink a bit is in growth CapEx because at the beginning of last year or mid-last year, we decided to pull down what we're investing to really go at the higher return things and make sure markets caught up for the need to go to new capacity. So I think those are the 2 areas where you're seeing the change in what's happening.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Great and my final question is what are your other options besides selling the sugar business? What are you exploring? Can you just give us color, along your list of products that we can think about?
Soren W. Schroder: It's really a full range of options and I don't want to get into any details at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Picken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: I would just want to see, it sounded like you guys closed the plant down in Brazil for some tax reasons, an oilseed crushing plant and I just wanted to sort of get a sense for the thought process behind that and if it's a short-term thing or a longer-term decision.
Andrew J. Burke: The facility you're referring to is idled. It is not permanently closed. There is a shift occurring in Brazilian tax laws with how we monetize tax credits that we earn when we produce when we crush beans and sell the end products. And the quickness, on which we're paid obviously reflects the return on investment when we operate. And that particular plan -- plant does not have its high margins as others. So payments are slower. We do not have a good return until we see the new Brazilian system work and the money come back at the pace it is supposed to, we'll idle that plant. I also noted the oil season in Brazil, so we're not at the peak of harvest as we've idled the facility.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, terrific. And I guess, as we sort of think out over the next couple of years. I know logistics are always an issue in Brazil, but with the World Cup and the Olympics coming up, I mean, how do you think that's going to impact your business or the availability of access, supports, road congestion, that kind of thing?
Soren W. Schroder: The only impact that I can think of, really, is it might have some -- it'll probably have a positive impact in foodservice and food processor demand for basic food & ingredients, but that's probably it. In terms of agribusiness flows and logistics, I don't see it having an impact.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, terrific. And then just flipping over here to the U.S., I mean, the crushing margins have obviously been really strong. There's been recent uptick in kind of the PEDV and just sort of your thoughts on the sustainability of the crushing margins, bearing in mind that there's the PEDV and potentially more competition coming from South America relatively soon.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think it's -- the U.S. crushing business will be very seasonal just like it was this past year. But demand is strong. Protein demand is strong despite the hog disease, poultry, the margins have been good and demand in that sector has been excellent. So overall, demand for protein will stay strong in the U.S. well into the spring. Sometime probably mid-March, late March, the U.S. will stop being an exporter of South America. We'll replace it and it will become a domestic market exclusively as we saw last year and with that, margins will probably come off somewhat and we'll be running the industry at significantly lower rates of capacity than we have for the last 6. So expect good margins through the first quarter and then a transition into the summer and then in all likelihood, a fairly good fourth quarter again. Maybe not as good as this past year but still a solid Q4. But very seasonal and very similar to last year and we are as it turns out, running a soybean stock scenario that is not dissimilar to last year, which means it'll be quite volatile as we get into the spring and summer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cox from Piper.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: My first question is on working capital and I understand by virtue of your business model that there's going to be volatility. But if we were to assume that grain prices remain relatively stable, is it fair to assume that working capital is a bit of a push here in 2014? Or are there certain elements that we should be aware of for working capital that irrespective of grain prices would move up or down?
Andrew J. Burke: I think the -- I think, one, we've got a lot of emphasis on working capital. So I think clearly they'd be as efficient as we were last year or more efficient. The one thing that could cause a little bit of a working capital increase is if the markets go from an inverse to a carry. You may be in a situation where there's a return investment to keep some more inventories in storage. And if that's being the case, we -- if the return was there, we would probably do so. One would cause it to move up a little bit but it would come with a corresponding income. But other than that, there's no fundamental reason we shouldn't be able to operate at the inventory levels we did last year.
Soren W. Schroder: No, I agree with that. And we continue to show year-over-year improvements in our cash cycle and that is because of the particular emphasis we have on working capital across all our operating companies.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. That's very helpful. And then -- and looking at your agribusiness, total volumes grew at a pretty healthy double-digit rate and given some of the tailwinds you have from surplus of crop, is it fair to assume that we see that at least some level of double-digit growth in, say, the first half of 2014 as you begin to process North American crop?
Soren W. Schroder: I will say for the full year, you should expect agribusiness volume growth probably in the 5% to 10% range up.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick one, following up on the share repurchase questions that have been asked already, is there -- could you perhaps talk just longer term in terms of the thought on the buyback? Is this the start of a broader commitment to repurchasing shares each quarter? Or just how you think about this from a longer-term perspective?
Soren W. Schroder: I think it is exactly as Drew laid it out. It 's part of our capital allocation framework when we look at share buybacks, dividends, M&A and CapEx on an equal basis with an objective of maximizing shareholder value. So I wouldn't say that it is not new from that perspective. It is consistent with what we announced back in October and what we are now executing on. And so on an ongoing basis, this doesn't happen once a year. This happens all the time. We will value and find the best use of our cash inflows.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First, I'd just like to acknowledge the slide deck is vastly, vastly improved over prior decks and I really do hope that you keep putting in balance sheet information and return on invested capital. Drew, that was nicely done. So first, just like to start off on sugar for a moment. First question is, Soren, I believe you said that if our BOB prices in Brazil, if they would equilibrate to international prices, that's what you need to solve the problem over there for Brazilian ethanol. USR BOB is like $2.75 a gallon. What is the discount within Brazil versus a U.S. price that approximates world prices?
Andrew J. Burke: David, I am not adverse in the statistics to the exact points of reference you're giving. But fundamentally, Brazil gasoline prices are about 25% below international parity at the moment. They don't use the U.S. refined prices as the measure. It's done based on a delivered basis and in Brazil.
Soren W. Schroder: Maybe another way to say it, David, if you take the $2.75 or $2.80 and you take the logistic transportation cost to Brazil and a discharge in tanking cost and you calculate what that is in reais per cubic meter and you compare to where retail gasoline is being priced. So, a, gasoline you will come up with that 25% discount that we're talking about.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, one other question on this one. So when I look at Brazilian ethanol prices and compare them to U.S. ethanol prices, Brazilian ethanol prices, local prices are higher than U.S. ethanol prices. U.S. corn ethanol producers are making very good margins right now. So there's a little bit of a head-scratch here because it's, I would say, a very unfavorable situation that at substantially higher ethanol prices locally in Brazil, you can't make money. I mean, how do you see your way clear kind of going forward in this operation that I have no great hope that the Brazilian government, politically speaking, is going to jack up local prices for gasoline. So if you can't make money at these substantially higher prices, what's the prognosis here for any real improvement over the flat numbers that you've guided to for 2014?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, first of all, there is still room for us and for the industry to improve efficiencies and we are working on that. It takes time. We've come a long way. Drew mentioned some of the more dramatic measures we have taken and industry has taken to get in a better spot. The weaker currency is helping on top of that. That has been a headwind for the industry for a few years up until recently. But I'd also say that the current price of ethanol, the intra-crop prices that you are referring to are quite good. In other words, if we could project the year out with those prices, we would largely bridge the gap we're talking about. When we say that ethanol is challenged, it's because we believe, as is seasonally typically the case, that once you get into the peak crushing period in May, June, July, ethanol prices have to actually go to a below-sugar equivalent to buy enough demand in the domestic market. And that is where this problem with the imbalance between the world price and the domestic price of gasoline comes in. So just to be clear, the current prices that you referred to as being good, they aren't being good. They're very record. We wish they would continue.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question on sugar for me is the cogen issue. When you bought this, there was a critical expectation that by adding cogen, these would be very, very high-return projects. You stipulated on prior calls that you want to reduce your capital investment within sugar and hence, this comment about strategic review. Why aren't the cogen projects still very high return, given the power problems in Brazil? Why wouldn't you add that particular capital to those sugar operations? It seems to me that, that -- I don't see why that piece of logic is -- fails.
Andrew J. Burke: David, we have done some cogen projects and we have -- and we are adding capacity at the Moema mill and a couple of the other bills. So we have not abandoned them in their entirety. We have not started new ones. I think they would calculate on our return on investment, but we don't want to be committing to new investment in the sugar business till we get through this strategic review and understand where we're going. But we do think long term, cogeneration does pay. But it's a long-term investment. It's not an investment for the short term, so we need to know what the long-term strategy is.
Soren W. Schroder: Right. That being said, David, we are going to see growth in our cogen-generating ability. Last year, we generated about 300 megawatts; 2014, we're about 550 and we'll get to 7 -- little over 700 by '15. So we are in a rapid ramp-up in cogen and it will have a positive impact on our bottom line.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. That's crucial. Two more questions for me. On agribusiness, just to be super clear, I really like Ken's question on this one and I echo the comments about what the forecast is for 2014. 2013 had a lot of different challenges in it. I mean, it seems to be that your statement to be should be super clear that profits will grow in agribusiness. But I feel like you've hedged on the call a number of times. Do you think profits grow in agribusiness in '14?
Soren W. Schroder: The potential is there for them to be excellent and for us to set another record year, but you know the nature of this business, as well as I do. It is very difficult to predict this far out. Were only in the beginning of February, but the potential is there.
David C. Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You're the big man in the hot seat, so you get the question. Final question is on tax. Drew, I got to say this tax is awfully tough. Explain to me in 2014 why I shouldn't be worried about further valuation allowance issues, why there isn't going to be other write-downs. It's kind of disappointing to see such incredible volatility within the tax line and maybe no guidance that those events might be coming. So, notwithstanding what's happened in the past, looking forward to '14, what's the opportunity here that this tax rate is greatly varying it from the 23% guidance?
Andrew J. Burke: I think, David, I don't want to answer too specifically. I'll come to the '14 rate, but I think to put it in perspective and to take it to one example, when we took the decision to take a valuation allowance on our sugar tax assets, that means in -- that means we took a valuation allowance and took a onetime charge for the balance at the end of last year. When we have losses this year, we do not take a tax benefit. The impact that has on the tax rate is sugar reduces the profit before tax by its loss, but it does not reduce the -- change the amount of tax we play. There's not a reduction. So because sugar polls are down mathematically, your tax rate is moving up if there's a loss on that business or any other business with the valuation adjustment. So part of it is that factor. The rate going into -- from '13 to '14, has 2 major impacts that bring it from the 30% down to be approximately 23%. The first is we are projecting a near or breakeven performance in our sugar industrial business and other businesses where there are valuation allowances and the second is that we are implementing certain tax planning and capital structure initiatives. The 2 of them combined will bring down the tax rate to that 23% level. If sugar were in other business with losses -- has greater losses, it won't increase our taxes, but it will increase our tax rate because you'll have the same effect of pulling down the profit before tax. So that's the factor at play there and that will exist going into next year. But if you look at the forecast profits we have by entity and you apply the tax rate by legal entity that we have, you come to the 23% rate at the moment, but it does vary based on how each entity moves. As to your question on the likelihood of future valuation allowances, obviously at the end of each year, we take a look across our business portfolio, across our asset portfolio and we record the necessary valuation allowances or charges we think are necessary. We recorded everything that we're aware of at the end of this calendar year. And we do not, at this moment, expect anything else. And I know you've read all our filings. We do have active tax matters around the world, including tax claims about us in governments that are in courts. In those situations. We have external legal opinions that say we are more likely than not to prevail, so we don't record any liabilities for those. But anything that is in the court system, there is an inherent amount of uncertainty around it. We also have and that is some of what we took this year -- we've looked at some of those court cases and said, "We will probably have a liability." We may lose and have recorded the liability. So to the best of our judgment, we have recorded everything we should and all those valuation allowances are in place, but we'll see how it plays out over the next years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Korn from Barclays.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: It's late in the call and the weather outside is offering its own sense of urgency, so I'm just going to ask one. We talked a lot about the cost side, all your ongoing attempts to improve efficiency, optimizing assets, take out the cost structure, take the whole platform. Could you describe a little bit more on how you're benchmarking your progress? I mean, your footprint in assets have been so wide. You've got integration, cost structure in the downstream, it's very substantial. So you maybe -- when you're measuring yourself maybe against your peers in the different businesses and different markets, where are you pleased, where are you most challenged, how would you -- how are you doing that right now?
Soren W. Schroder: The benchmarks we are using are partly internal and they're partly external. Within Bunge, we are measuring likeness of these units against the best-in-class in Bunge. So like business units, whether it will be oilseed crushing, grain origination or whether it would be in food, milling, packaging plants, whatever, are being benchmarked against the best we have in Bunge and the best practices we have in Bunge. In some cases, they'll be calibrated for age and location. But we believe that within the Bunge network, we have some of the best in the world. But it may not be everywhere. So that is our starting point. To the extent that we have external data and we do have some, we'll use that in its place. That's what we call the gap analysis and it's part of the performance management process that we started back this fall and build our current budget around. It is work in progress. So we'll perfect it through the next business cycle, but it is really this exercise of measuring all our facilities and activities against the best we know. And this is an exercise that is now led by our global segments because the other one is we have global visibility and also have access and knowledge of external benchmarks and believe it's a very strong process that will really come into full fruition as we roll out the program this year.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And as you've gone through this, are there particular regions or particular businesses where you can see a substantial lag versus where you want them to be?
Soren W. Schroder: There are some that stand out, but I don't really want to comment on them right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm trying to model first quarter to the extent that it's possible. And I think I wanted a little more clarity on the corn export programs in the U.S. Do you think that those will ramp up again in first quarter as farmers sell? And what you -- the opportunity that you might have missed in fourth quarter spills over into first, how are you looking at first quarter right now?
Soren W. Schroder: I don't know whether corn exports out of the U.S., in particular, will make a significant difference to Bunge. Probably not. But I would say that the U.S. has captured global market share in corn, maybe a little bit more than the market and people expect it. It is competitively priced and you can see from the weekly export sales that continues. So first quarter should be very strong in corn exports out of the U.S. and we should benefit from that. I think the more important part is probably that the oilseed crushing environment for the first quarter in North America remains very favorable. That has a bigger impact on us.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: But Soren, when you mentioned what you missed in fourth quarter, you did talk about the corn export program. Is that -- just to be clear, is that because you were positioned to benefit from the carry and the trade or were you benefiting from the volume?
Soren W. Schroder: I was trying to refer to 2 separate things. One was the income that we and the industry, in general, makes by carrying corn out of the crop into the new year. So that's more about storage, okay? That was not the same as you would have expected in normal years simply because of the retention of farmers and the market structure didn't really allow for that. So that's a source of revenue that I think, in general, the industry just didn't get. The other thing I commented on was specifically the logistics snags in the rail transportation that worked to the West Coast, where the industry, in general, really suffered from port turn times and bad logistics and lack of power, frankly, by the railroads. And we hope that will not be repeating itself as we get into the first quarter here. So those were the 2 impacts that I talked about in the fourth quarter. I think in the first quarter of this year, things are looking a little bit better, although the logistics are still challenged on the West Coast. But in general U.S. exports should be good for corn.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Because I think that's what people are kind of struggling with is this year's U.S. corn crop was really, really big and most of us were forecasting big results because of it. But the carry trade, the normal movement in prices, I guess, didn't happen the way people thought. And that's separate from the volume. So I guess, I'm trying to -- Anderson's had a disappointing quarter and ADM had a disappointing quarter in agribusiness and it sounds like some of it just isn't going to happen. Some of it will because the volume just has to move, but some of the potential benefit just didn't happen.
Soren W. Schroder: We've come out of 2 really tight years with poor crops and so this was the first crop in 3 years where the system really had a chance to replenish pipelines and in the meantime, farmers have built more storage. So the impact of this year's large crop probably wasn't felt the way that you would have normally expected it in terms of developing large carries that would have added storage income to the industry. I think another large crop next year you'll get back to something that's more normal, but this is really in many ways a transition year in the U.S., both for corn and soybeans.
Operator: Our next question comes from Giovana Araujo from Itaú BBA.
Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division: My first question is about the pace of commercialization of grains here in Brazil. The current expectations for the grains crop in Brazil in 2013, '14 is that the growth will be more concentrated in soybeans than corn. Second, corn crop will probably be affected by the drought here in Brazil. And the pace of commercialization of beans is behind last year. So my question is, do you see a change in the seasonality of your commercialization in 2014 or the back of that?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, it is correct that the industry, in general, has bought less beans, priced beans this time compared to the last year. But the pace of buying or the pace of selling from the farmer is picking up. So with the weaker currency and in general, better futures, we have seen over the last couple of weeks a pickup in farmer selling and pricing and we expect that will continue. So expect that by the end of March, we'll be back to sort of the same level as last year. So a lot of fresh pricing is coming into the market right now, which is good. And as regards to corn, we are buying some of the, let's say, the winter crop corn, very little of the new crop, if any, of the new crop. Safrina corn has been commercialized so far. That's still ahead of us.
Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division: Okay. And my second question is about the sugar and ethanol business. It seems there are more sellers than buyers of assets in Brazil nowadays and then prices are too depressed and the situation might not change in the next year or 2. So maybe the better time to make a divestment or a merger it's not now. What do you think about that?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we -- I don't have any particular comment on that. We're exploring the full range of options, so I don't want to get nailed down to one particular one. One thing we are doing and that's very important for everybody to know is that we're relentlessly going after costs and improvements in our existing business. That is really what we are spending day and night on, putting ourselves in the best possible position for whatever comes.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Tricia. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our fourth quarter call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Cornell Burnette Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Christine, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Christine. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with no -- with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; Andrew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everyone. We had some good performances in the third quarter. In agribusiness we served global customers well by leveraging our South American asset network during a period of short Northern Hemisphere supplies. Logistics in Brazil were challenging, but our team managed them well. We also navigated a complex global risk environment with skill. Large North American crops with a prospect for a record soybean harvest in South America next spring are driving a transition in the oilseed and corn markets from very steep inverses [ph] to a period where stock-building is likely. Demand is strong and will be stimulated by more modest price environment. Food & ingredients continues to perform well and is on the path for a record year. We're improving how we work in foods and feel strongly that our base business can be expanded and improved further. The linkage between agribusiness and foods in Bunge is strong and very important to our customers and our profitability. Both segments should have a good fourth quarter and produce returns above cost of capital in 2013. In sugar & bioenergy, we faced a more challenging situation. Our global sugar and ethanol trading and merchandising team is performing well, and over the last few years, we've built a leading global franchise in the same spirit as we have in agribusiness. The risk management capability is strong, as is value chain and customer focus. Our Brazilian sugarcane milling operations, however, continue to be challenged. The excessive rains have hurt ATR and limited crush, and capped ethanol prices limit the ability to compensate for the reduced output. These conditions make it difficult for the milling sector to generate consistent profit and appropriate returns. As a result, we have reduced the sugar & bioenergy segment outlook for the fourth quarter and full year. The combination of weather-related risk and capped ethanol prices means that the cane miller is assuming significant, noncontrollable risk with no compensation in margins. Given the structural challenging -- challenges facing the Brazilian industry, we will also reduce strategic alternatives in order to optimize the value of the milling business. Going forward, we will manage the milling business to be free cash flow positive, the reinvestment dedicated to agricultural and industrial maintenance and efficiency projects only. These efforts are essential to improving our performance. Our overall focus is to improve Bunge's return to above cost of capital by preserving our strong global market position, be it in our agribusiness and food, and as a firm, we are very close. Our target remains to reach WACC plus 2 in 2015. And the levers are clear, improved asset utilization and logistics management, cost control, operational efficiency and a strong discipline on working capital. The rollout of a globally coordinated performance management process is taking place now and will gather strength over the next year. As we get further into the program, we will share the results with you. CapEx discipline is another important part of improving returns. We have reduced CapEx for the next year to $900 million, down from $1 billion this year. We believe this level will let us strike a good balance amongst higher-yielding projects, productivity and maintenance, as well as filling in gaps in our global agri food network. We'll assess all capital allocations, with strengthening our balance sheet, reinvesting in the business, doing M&A or returning capital to shareholders with an eye towards maximum value creation. The acquisition of Grupo Altex' wheat mills in Mexico, which we announced yesterday, is a perfect example of how we would like to grow. The transaction expands our profitable North American milling business and complements our previous acquisition of La Espiga. The Altex mills provide a strong national market presence and an important customer base that we look forward to serving. We will continue to grow our downstream food & ingredient businesses in growth markets where they have strong ties with agribusiness. Bunge has many strengths that give us confidence in our long-term ability to generate value for shareholders, a unique global footprint, a proven value chain approach to managing risk, margins and serving customers and excellent team in a downstream business with plenty of room for growth. Now I'll turn the call over to Drew, who will provide greater detail on the quarter, our outlook and our capital allocation priorities. Drew?
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Soren. Let's turn to Page 3, the earnings highlights. Total segment adjusted EBIT was $404 million. Strong performance in agribusiness and food & ingredients were offset by a below-expectation performance in sugar & bioenergy. Agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $335 million versus the record third quarter adjusted EBIT of $406 million achieved in the prior year. Our Brazilian processing and merchandising businesses were the primary driver of results in the quarter as we were able to take advantage of our strong asset and logistic networks in the country and our global supply chain and distribution capabilities. In Argentina, an improvement in oilseed processing results was offset by lower merchandising results due to the poor wheat crop. North American results continued to be negatively impacted by low crop availability due to last year's drought and were the main reason for the shortfall versus prior year. Results in Europe and Asia were similar to last year. Year-to-date adjusted EBIT is $680 million versus a prior year of $904 million, primarily due to the impact of small crops on our Northern Hemisphere businesses and reduced merchandising opportunities in Argentina. Our sugar & bioenergy business incurred an adjusted EBIT loss of $19 million versus a loss of $8 million in the prior year, as improvements in our trading and merchandising business were offset by a decline in our Brazilian sugar milling business. The loss incurred in our milling business was well below our expectation of a solidly profitable quarter. This was caused by 2 primary factors: a decrease in the sucrose content in the cane and a reduction in our crushing volumes caused by more rain days than anticipated. We have accomplished our goals of increasing cane availability to our industrial capacity level and increasing our productivity, although this has been somewhat offset by wage inflation. Given the anticipated loss in our sugarcane milling business in 2013 and a reduction of our 2014 forecast, we are taking a full valuation allowance of $521 million against our deferred tax assets related to our Brazilian sugar business. This is reflected in income tax expense in the third quarter. Our food & ingredients businesses had an adjusted EBIT of $73 million versus $59 million in the prior year, driven by strong performances in our edible oils and wheat milling businesses. Lower edible oil results in Brazil and the United States were offset by stronger results in Europe, Canada and Asia, which benefited from cost reduction programs, improved category innovation and higher margins. Both our Brazilian and Mexican wheat milling businesses performed well, driven by lower industrial costs and higher margins that resulted from successful raw material procurement strategies in the tight Brazilian market. Corn milling results were below prior year in part due to softer volumes, as customers delayed purchases in anticipation of the new corn crop. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted EBIT is $195 million versus $117 million in the prior year, primarily due to higher results in both edible oils and wheat milling in Brazil and the contribution of our Mexican wheat milling business, where we acquired controlling interest in 2012. Continuing fertilizer adjusted EBIT was $15 million versus $22 million in the prior year as a higher performance in our Brazilian fertilizer port was offset by lower results in our Argentine fertilizer business due to lower volumes from smaller corn and wheat plantings. On a year-to-date basis, fertilizer results improved from $17 million to $27 million due to increased profitability of our Bunge -- of our Brazilian fertilizer port and elimination of the loss in our Moroccan joint venture. During the quarter, we closed the sale of our Brazilian fertilizer distribution business to Yara for $750 million. Adjusted net income per common share from continuing operations was $2.05 versus $2.07 in the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted net income per share was $3.92. Let's turn to Page 4 in the cash flow statement. Cash flow provided by operations was $903 million in the quarter versus a cash outflow of $2.9 billion in the prior year. This variance primarily reflects lower commodity prices and our continued focus on optimizing working capital usage. Our liquidity position remains strong as we had $3.7 billion of available and unused committed credit facilities at September 30. Our CapEx spend to date is $720 million, and we are targeting $1 billion for the year, down from our original plan of $1.2 billion. Let's turn to Page 5, the outlook. The outlook for agribusiness remains positive. Northern Hemisphere crops are large, which will be supportive to processing volumes, capacity utilization and margins and to our volumes in our grain merchandising businesses. Customer demand is strong as inventory pipelines are lean and need replenishing and protein processes economics are good. South American farmers are expected to plant a record soybean crop, which should be favorable for our Brazilian and Argentine asset and logistics networks. Our sugar & bioenergy business will face a difficult fourth quarter environment, and we anticipate a loss in the quarter. ATR, the sugar content in the cane, will continue to remain near record low, and we are lowering our expected annual crushing volume to 19 million tonnes versus our capacity of 21 million tonnes. The reduction is due to an increase in the number of crushing days that we expect to lose to rain as rain days are higher than our expectations. We have the cane available to crush 21 million tonnes and will carry any unused cane into next year. Looking forward to 2014, we expect the business to be profitable. We will have sufficient cane available to crush 21 million tonnes and continue to remain focused on achieving our productivity targets to offset the impact of inflation and become a low-cost producer. Under the current ethanol pricing scenario, we will not be able to achieve our target of $8 to $10 a tonne EBIT. If ethanol prices were to increase approximately 20%, it would be possible for us to reach that level. We are reducing capital spending to the level required to maintain our business and expect to be cash flow positive. Our sugar and ethanol trading and merchandising businesses continue to perform well. Food & ingredients should continue its momentum and have a strong finish to the year. Edible oils is entering its seasonally stronger quarter and demand for softseed oils should be stimulated by lower prices. Wheat milling margins in Brazil should continue to be supported by tight supplies and corn milling volumes should increase with the arrival of the new crop. Our Mexican wheat milling business should continue to perform well. Looking to 2014, the addition of Altex to our milling portfolio will increase both earnings and returns. Let's turn to Page 7. With the strengthening of our cash flows and the receipt of the fertilizer funds, we want to discuss our capital allocation priorities. As we have consistently stated, our first priority is to have a strong balance sheet as defined by a BBB credit rating. As a commodity company, it is imperative that we always have readily available liquidity and access to capital. With accomplishment of that, we will then evaluate allocating remaining capital to 3 main areas: reinvesting in our business; mergers and acquisitions, with a focus on businesses that fit with our core agribusiness and food & ingredient businesses; and returning capital to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. We recognize that dividends and share repurchases are an important overall component of value creation for shareholders, and they are part of our capital strategy. We have increased our dividend every year since our IPO in 2001, averaging an 11% annual increase over that period. With respect to share repurchases, we have an existing program of $950 million with approximately $500 million available. We evaluate all of the available capital allocation possibilities and prioritize our investments based on maximizing returns and creating total shareholder value. That concludes our remarks, and we will now open the call for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to step back and talk a little bit more about the comments you made on the ethanol business in Brazil. I think you said that ethanol prices would need to rise 20% in order for you to achieve your targeted goals. In the big scheme of things, how realistic is this really given the Brazilian government's focus on inflation or lack thereof, and the fact that 2014 will have elections down there?
Andrew J. Burke: Thanks for the question, Ann. I think it is very hard to predict government policy and when a government will or will not take action. The energy policy is a focus for the Brazilian government. They have a -- they have to support increased gasoline consumption and need to find ways to support that in an economic way for the country, and we believe, eventually, that will lead to support for the ethanol industry. The timing of that is hard to predict, and that is why our base calculation for next year does not include those price increases, and we don't think we'll achieve the target. What we are trying to do is to point out what kind of price increase would be required for us to get there so you and others can gauge that. And we would just also point out that the ethanol price and the Brazilian gasoline prices are still 30% lower than the international parity for those prices. And they are an importer of gasoline. So over the mid and long term, we think it's very likely that we have to see movement in ethanol prices, but in the short term, we're not forecasting that, and it will be a government decision, not a decision of Bunge.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's a fair point. And my follow-up question is obviously around the comments in the press release that you're now exploring full range of options for the sugar business. Can you just expand on that and give us some more color in terms of defining what you mean by exploring a full range of options?
Soren W. Schroder: Ann, this is Soren. It really just means that we will consider all reasonable alternatives in the fullness of time to get us in a better spot. Don't want to get into any specifics on this call. The important message really is that the status quo is unacceptable, and that we will be active in finding better ways to position ourselves. And then we'll come back with more as we know it.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and if you were to generate some kind of income from whatever you decide to do in that business, is there anything you can do in South America going into next year in preparation for yet another record planting season? I mean, we had such logistical problems this year, and now we're going to plant even more going into this season. Is there anything you can do now in terms of investments that would help you alleviate some of the logistical problems we might face next year? And I'll leave it there.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, thanks, Ann. We do have a new port coming on stream in Brazil in Tefron [ph] in the northern part of Brazil. That will add roughly 1 million tonnes of capacity for Bunge during the next year. It will grow to 2 million tonnes when it's up at full capacity. So that's one extra relief valve, if you wish, for the overflow that is likely to be there again next year in Brazil. For the rest of our network, we learn every year like everybody else does. We've performed well in Brazil this year. We've managed a very complex logistical situation, but we always learn, we always find ways to improve. So anticipating next year's what is likely to be a record soybean crop and pressure on the system, we're building in more flexibility. And I think we'll manage well next year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Samuelson from Goldman Sachs.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Maybe first off, Soren, maybe -- there's a large fire earlier -- a couple of weeks ago at the Copersucar warehouse at the Port of Santos. Beyond the issues with ethanol pricing and cane crush productivity that you're facing in the sugar business, is there any impact there that we need to be thought -- thinking about in the sugar markets over the next 6 months?
Soren W. Schroder: I would say over the next 6 months, probably not so much. We've been able to and I think the market will be able to accommodate the sugar flows that are left for this year in Brazil now that the peak corn and bean shipment period is over. So I don't think it's going to be a big issue between now and, let's say, April next year. The real question would be how do we get up to peak shipping capacity in sugar as we enter the new crop season sometime in April, May, June next year. That's a long time from now. So there's plenty of time to adjust. But for the next 6 months, I don't expect any big impact.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then also in sugar, you're talking about kind of more restrained capital spending as you look into 2014. Maybe elaborate on kind of what you're doing there. Is it slowing down the pace of replanting? Are you slowing your fertilizer applications, kind of investments in machinery? And how should we think about the slower CapEx spend as it relates to your kind of future plans for the business?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the CapEx really is focused on cane renewal. And as you know, we've gone through a period here where we have really renewed a lot of cane the last 3 years. So it would be a lower rate of replanting. We don't need it. We've made the investment already. We're not going to cut short anything that brings productivity gains. So fertilizer applications, as you mentioned, for example, that would not be one area we would be -- we would try to save on. But anything that -- so anything that has to do with cane renewal and productivity, reducing our cost per unit to its lowest possible level is still in play, and we will be very thoughtful how we spend that money. But anything that has to do with expansion is off the charts for the time being for sure.
Adam Samuelson - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And maybe just finally for me, just switching gears on to crush margins and as we kind of enter the new crop year in the U.S., just maybe an outlook on crush margins looking into 2014 and thoughts kind of where competition from Brazil -- from Chinese crushers and potential changes in biofuel policy here in the U.S. and how that impacts your outlook for crush margins.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, that's a lot of -- those are a lot of topics but let me start with outlook for crush margins in the U.S. or maybe the Northern Hemisphere in general, because it's kind of the same when you look across Europe to the U.S. to China. Margins are good. They're as good as they've been in a while. So we expect a strong fourth quarter in U.S. crushing. Canada on the back of really an all-time record canola crop should have a favorable crushing environment. In China, very strong demand for soybean meal has led to very favorable margins, at least compared to last year, and in northern Europe, both soybeans -- and southern Europe, both soybean crushing margins, as well as soft seeds, so sun and canola, are looking significantly better than they did last year at the same time. So the crushing environment for the next, I will say, 1 or 2 quarters is favorable.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Picken from Cleveland Research.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: Just wanted to sort of elaborate a little bit more on kind of the crushing side of the business. If Brazil ends up producing record soybean crop as expected, I mean, how do you sort of see crushing margins developing next year in a situation with a lot more global soybean supplies out there and how does that impact your overall business?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think overall, we would expect that with a record soybean crop in South America that we'll enter a period of more modest prices in general, more modest prices for protein in general. And in a meat production sector globally that is now profitable, there's a big change from where we have been the last couple of years, but if you look across pretty much all geographies, meat production, whether it's poultry or pork, is profitable. So a big crop, somewhat more modest prices to stimulate demand growth back to a level that is more akin to what we saw before we had the big price hikes 2 or 3 years ago. So the overall demand pool should be favorable, and I will say with an excess of soybeans in South America and the stock building generally throughout next year in soybeans, the environment for crushing should, generally speaking, be better.
Michael Picken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, and then with respect to kind of your agribusiness volumes, I mean, how should we sort of think about the impact of kind of the larger crops here in North America in terms of specifically on the grain side? What types of volume growth could we sort of expect to see?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I mean, we will enter a period now in North America where we'll get into a more normalized shipping season. The last couple of years have been curtailed by poor crops. But for example EGT, which is our most recent facility on the West Coast, will be running at full speed now this fourth quarter and going into next year as well. Our Nikolayev export terminal in the Black Sea will be running at full -- is already running at full capacity. So overall volumes in agribusiness should continue to grow. I guess, it's somewhere around 5% year-on-year is a reasonable estimate. And as you get into the shipping season in South America starting in February next year, would expect to see similar growth rates year-on-year there, with the startup of the new terminal in the North, and I think an overall better utilization of what we've got.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler from Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to focus on capital allocation a little bit because it looks like, I mean, to me your balance sheet is already kind of at your target levels. You're BBB at the rating agencies. So as you move down to the lower buckets, you're already funding your business. And so when you look at M&A, are you looking at large-scale or small-scale M&A? And if that isn't materializing, what's preventing you from doing a large-scale share repurchase?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we just announced yesterday an acquisition of Altex. I don't know if you saw that or not. But that is the type of acquisitions that we're contemplating. It's a good example exactly of what we want to do, bolt-on acquisitions in an area where we have competence, where we have capabilities, immediate returns, great fit. So we will continue to look at those types of things. As Drew pointed out in his presentation, we will be looking at M&A CapEx and returning money to shareholders, whether through share buybacks or dividends on kind of an even level. They have to compete with each other and of course, in the case of an acquisition like Altex, there's always the timing and strategic element as well. We could not wait until, let's say, February to decide to buy Altex, the opportunity was now and we took it. But share repurchase is part of our capital allocation strategy, and we will aim to maximize shareholder value and that is part of it. So we are not looking at this as a lower bucket. It's an equal consideration.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then in terms of the strategic alternatives for the sugar business. I guess, how long should we expect that process to go on for before you make a decision?
Soren W. Schroder: I don't want to put a timeline on this at this point. I think the important message to you and to others is that we got our eyes open. We are aware of the challenges of the industry. We're going to be active, and we'll take our time and make sure that we end up with a thoughtful conclusion on this in the fullness of time.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and then just turning to agribusiness, do you expect to benefit -- I know you talked about protein margins. But I know there's been a lot of wheat put into feed rations over the last few years because of the price narrowing relative to corn, but now that you've got that gap opening up again, do you expect that to benefit meal demand and be a positive for you guys next year?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, that's a good point. In fact, wheat prices are -- have moved back to sort of bread prices. In other words, moving out of feed rations in most places of the world, which is a good thing. So it should mean that, everything else being equal, that protein demand for soybean meal should increase on the back of this. And the impacts are a little different depending on where you are in the world but, overall, it is not an insignificant impact. So it's a positive.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then just my last question, I'll get back in the queue, but can you talk about what you're seeing in terms of farmer selling in the U.S. regarding corns and soybean and how that impact volumes?
Soren W. Schroder: I think as we've gotten into the harvest year, yield reports have continued to improve, and we are looking at a very large harvest, no doubt. Farmer selling, I would say, has been modest so far. Prices in corn, as you know, have come down significantly from where they were a year ago, and so I imagine many farmers are hesitating a little bit. We're buying what we need, but I would say it is not a willing sellout to the extent that you've seen, for example, in South America earlier this year. So a little bit of retention is probably the right way to express it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So what was the catalyst to make you reconsider your efforts in sugar?
Soren W. Schroder: There's no particular catalyst, Ken. We've been thinking and analyzing this for a while, and sort of with the benefit of a fresh look from myself, have really spent some time with the team here over the last months and sort of digging into the industry dynamics. And thought it was important that we expressed our sort of unbiased and neutral view, and this is what we are.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. You have $1.5 billion of cash on your balance sheet. And you started talking about that returning capital to shareholders as share repurchases is an important part. That's really never been part of the Bunge story. Can you talk about the timing to which you expect to deploy cash towards share repurchases?
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Ken, we're still going through the valuation of when we do that. It's very much on our agenda, but we haven't made a specific determination. I think the one thing I would point out with the cash is most of that cash right now is the fertilizer proceeds of which we have targeted the debt reduction to get ourselves at a strong, stable BBB rating. We have not gone and paid down that debt yet because we want to do it in the most cost-efficient way, and we need to be able to move the cash to debt repayments at the right timing. So we expect that will happen in the fourth quarter. And as we get to the end of the year and these crops are finished, we're going to get a lot better idea of what our cash flows are, et cetera, but we are actively looking at when it would make sense to make a move in that direction.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Would it be fair to say that by the end of the fourth quarter, you will relay that message to Wall Street, is that fair?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. Maybe the first quarter call, Ken, to be precise, but yes.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Exactly, that's what I expect. If you guys know by the end of year quarter, you don't report till after the quarter. No, that's fine. That's what I was implying. And then in terms of Argentina, I guess, my question there, and this is my last question, is how is the selling going there? What is the crush outlook? Because it seems like everywhere else around the world, things are humming really nicely, and that's the only issue probably in your crushing and logistic issue. Can you just talk to that and when you think it will be resolved and how you think things are going to play out in Argentina?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, farmer retention in Argentina is very strong, and we don't actually expect that to change anytime soon. It's a hedge against inflation, the expectation of a devaluation. We've seen it before. The Argentine farmer has the capability of carrying over large amounts of soybeans from one crop to the other if that feels that is the best way of hedging the economic exposure to them in Argentina, and that's exactly where we are right now. We do expect a significantly improved crop next year. So with that, as of March, no doubt we will see loosening up of farmer selling and movement to the ports and the crushing industry. But in the near term, don't really see any change. On the other hand, you can also say that part of the effects of this retention and the reduced crush rates in Argentina is actually what's benefiting North America and, to some extent, Europe as well. There's no question that quite a bit of yield demand has been shifted from South America, Argentina specifically, to the U.S. and will be executed over the next 3 to 4 months and is leading to what we believe will be an export pace that will be as good as last year's. So it's -- for Bunge, this is not altogether bad.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Maybe we can touch a little bit more on the recent acquisition. How should we think about the potential incremental EBIT for 2014 from that business? And as we look out longer-term, it seems like this is going to be an area of focus on the M&A side. What size of a business do you want to grow this to over the next 2 or 3 years?
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, well, in the case of Altex in Mexico, that's probably what you're referring to, I would expect that the EBIT contribution for this business next year will be somewhere around $35 million, maybe a little bit more. It will make Mexico an important part of Bunge's North American portfolio. Added to La Espiga, which we acquired a year before last, it really gives us a very nice national position in Mexico, makes us a leading wheat miller with the best assets. It's a business that has steady EBITDA margins. It is very much linked to agribusiness. Our ability to procure and manage risk around wheat flows is strong, and it fits our focus on B2B customers in North America and globally as well. So this is a very nice acquisition that fits what we're good at, and yes, we would like to proceed -- pursue more of the same kind. We are actually quite optimistic that we can grow significantly the run rate earnings of food & ingredients quite substantially over the next 2 to 3 years. I don't want to put a number on it, but our ambitions are not small.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay, and are there any other regions where you see the opportunity, I guess, near term to backfill your footprints, I guess, both on the edible oils and milling side, how should we think about that?
Soren W. Schroder: We have a very strong position in Brazil that we want to protect and enhance. So you will see activities in Brazil that will cement our position and our strong position there. I think in North America in general, we have a strong milling presence and would be open to add whether that is in rice, whether that is in wheat or whether that is in corn. There are other parts of the world that we are looking as well, I don't want to get into those details at the moment, but we're actively scanning for these types of opportunities in growth markets and, again, where they have close linkage to our B2B customer base and agribusiness.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matthew Korn from Barclays.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just want to ask a little bit, could you talk maybe a little bit more about downstream kind of food product demand as you're seeing it, all the drivers of demand for oils and margarines and corn flour? Because we hear a lot about the economic uncertainty in Latin America, just kind of want to see your take on whether the buys and staples have shown any kind of signs of weakness.
Soren W. Schroder: No, we don't actually. In Mexico, let's say, Mexico and Brazil in particular, which is where we really have insight to this, demand is strong across all the categories. I'd say, Mexico in particular, one of the reasons we're so excited about the Altex acquisition is because Mexico really does have some of the more important growth dynamics and trends of the South American economies. But both in Brazil and Mexico, we feel good about both oil and flour consumption, and we are coming from relatively low levels per capita consumption. So plenty of room to grow really.
Matthew J. Korn - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, as the new crop soybean here in North America harvest has progressed, have you seen the opportunity for kind of tick up utilization of your North American crushing plants? I mean, there's been scattered reports of pending restarts throughout the Midwest. I kind of wanted to see if those are in fact getting brought back online.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, well, all our facilities are up and running and running essentially at full speed, and we believe that, that will be the way they'll run for at least the next, I will say, 4, maybe 5 months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Wong from Piper Jaffray.
Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups. Just wondering for the agribusiness, when you see year-over-year growth in volumes with supply replenishing, is it in the fourth quarter this year, more into next year? Just kind of a little more detail on that.
Soren W. Schroder: I think it starts this quarter, yes, in the fourth quarter, and then it will continue throughout the South American harvest season and probably into the tail end of the summer next year, given the size of the crop in South America. But it starts now.
Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Great. And then just another one on sugar & bioenergy, your expected loss for this fourth quarter, how does that compare to third quarter? Do you see it more or less pronounced?
Andrew J. Burke: I think at the end of the day, that is going to depend a little bit on how much we can crush here and during into the rainy season in Brazil. So it's a matter of when the rainy season comes and how much ends up being crushed. But order of magnitude, range, around the third quarter number it seems reasonable.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, that's right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I could just ask, Soren, are you sort of philosophically opposed to -- let's assume hypothetically that you find a great way to exit the sugar business. Are you philosophically opposed to Bunge just sort of being the core agribusiness operations, as well as the sort of the existing food & ingredients business?
Soren W. Schroder: I'm not philosophically opposed to anything that's right for shareholders. So we'll consider all reasonable alternatives as we said in the fullness of time. But I don't want to prejudice any outcome at this point.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, I just asked because the sort of -- the history was you got out of fertilizer, you got into sugar, and it just didn't seem like at the time that the direction of the company was just going to be status quo with a lot of return of capital, so I was just curious if your review was different. I just have a couple of quick ones. Can you tell me how much debt is allocated to the sugar business today?
Andrew J. Burke: We tend to manage our debt profile on more of an overall basis, Vincent. To give you a feeling for the sugar business and how you would like to allocate it, there is about just under $2 billion of fixed assets, property, plant and equipment in the sugar business, plus some working capital which isn't that large. But it's not small, maybe another $500 million.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And in terms of where U.S. crush utilization rates are, it sort of was masked a little bit over the last couple of years with the tough crops. And if you go back several years ago, we were in a period of oversupply because new capacity have come online. Is your expectation that in 2014, utilization rate in the U.S. will be, let's say high 80s, low 90s, or do you have any sense of where it's going to be?
Soren W. Schroder: I think next year will not be so different than this one actually in that we'll probably have a very strong Q1. And then because we have essentially a record pool on soybeans again this year for export, chances are that we'll be limited by soybean availability again sometime late spring, early summer, and so the summer rates of crush will be low. Maybe not as low as they were this year, but they will be seasonally lower than usual, and then rebound strongly again in Q4 2014. So on average, I would say utilization rates will be better than last year, but not by a large -- they will be very seasonal. So strong Q1, not so strong Q2, probably a weak Q3 and a strong Q4 again.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, I know you didn't disclose the purchase price of Altex. But over the years there have been a number of acquisitions sort of with undisclosed financial terms. Can you give us a sense of sort of where your head is on the sort of risk-adjusted return requirements for these types of deals?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I mean, the returns obviously have to cover fully our cost of capital, and they do. And our hurdle rates are set accordingly. So this is a very accretive acquisition. It is an acquisition that is also in the space where we feel very comfortable. So we consider the risks in achieving those returns to be very modest. That's really the best way I can answer your question.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And what's the timeframe in terms of achieving cost of capital plus return, is that immediately, in a year, 2 years?
Soren W. Schroder: Within the first 2 years, for sure, maybe even sooner.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: By the way, if the stock continues to trade flat today, I think that might be the first time it's been flat on an earnings announcement in about 6 years. So I guess that's neither good nor bad. But I wanted to know, Soren, if you would take a look at ADM's experience with Gruma in relation to entering into the Mexico wheat milling business, Gruma's not exactly the same kind of business but their investment didn't end quite so well. And I just wanted to know, as you looked at assets there, why this and why not others, and what do you think the risks are of operating in the market?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, we have studied all that. Believe me, we've been studying Mexico intensely for the last several years. So this wasn't a quick decision that we reached. We've been able to absorb and look at the Mexican flour milling industry through the eyes of La Espiga for a number of years. We've been -- we were partners there first for well over 10 years, and so understanding the Mexican flour milling business, I think, we got from the inside, that's what gave us the confidence to acquire the majority in that business a couple of years ago. And based on that and some, I think, very diligent and thorough work on the industry itself, we reached the conclusion that the collection of assets that Altex represents really would be the best way for us to expand. It is quite a different business than Gruma, as you correctly pointed out. So I don't think you can really compare them, but I would give you confidence or comfort that we've studied this, and we think we know what we're doing.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and as you -- is one of the reasons that you're putting more effort into M&A in this kind of area to reduce the volatility of the overall portfolio? Is that part of your consideration?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, that certainly is one of the considerations. Stable businesses, more stable margins, nice complement to our agribusiness upstream. There's a very strong linkage between agribusiness and this kind of a food business and, all else equal, should lead to more stable returns and ultimately a better multiple.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
Cornell Burnette: This is Cornell Burnette, on the line for David. Just wanted to quickly talk about the current environment for agribusiness. So soy crush margins on the Chicago Board of Trade are very strong, and you actually confirm that you're seeing this. You also said that your U.S. soy crushing plants are running at full capacity and throughout the Northern Hemisphere, including Europe and China, crushing margins are very good and benefiting from less competition from Argentina. In addition, we have a very big crop in the Northern Hemisphere which should drive volumes higher. My question is, when I look at this, it seems to be one of the best environment, I would say, for agribusiness that we've seen in quite some time. I wanted to know if you agreed with that assessment of the situation, and if you thought that could potentially help drive something like record profitability in your agribusiness segment in the fourth quarter because currently, things look very strong.
Soren W. Schroder: That was a nice summary. I think we share the positive outlook for the fourth quarter. I wouldn't draw the line to records at this point, that's too early. But it does look like it's a very favorable operating environment in general in North America in crush, and certainly in Europe. China, as you know, can change quickly. It is better than it has been. Certainly, it's better than it was last year, but it's very, very volatile. So it's probably a little dangerous to draw too many conclusions for an extended period of time there. But it does feel like it is a very, very constructive operating working environment, with profitability really across the chain extending into the meat sector, and clearly, demand for protein is up across the spectrum. So you're correct in being optimistic about the fourth quarter, especially as it relates to crush.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, and then secondly, just looking at things going a little bit further out, you had mentioned that the pace of utilizations and crushing operations in the Northern Hemisphere will kind of look similar to the way they did last year in that will be very strong crushing in the first part of the season but as we get into the summer, things will kind of be below normal, I would say, given that -- where the crop sizes are at. But I would say, do you think that overall on the agribusiness segment, one of the things that's different this time relative to last year is just that overall, we have a much bigger crop in the U.S. with corn and so forth and wheat. And so when you look at your merchandising volumes in the second half of the year or over the summer months, do you think that there's the possibility that they'll be much better than what we saw this year?
Soren W. Schroder: I think the overall agribusiness operating environment in the U.S. in particular this coming year will be better than it was last year. Soy is unique in that while we have a decent crop, a nice crop, we will run into a constraint in availability sometime in Q2 and Q3. But for corn and wheat, it should be sort of more normalized merchandising volumes and handling margins. So the U.S. soy is unique. Europe is a big difference to last year in that we will have ample seed supplies in both rape, canola and sun to crush at full rates and most likely with reasonable margins, all the way through the year, which was not the case last year.
Operator: Our final question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I wanted to ask sort of a more of philosophical question, and I missed the first part of your call, so I apologize for that if this has already been covered, but could you just talk about where you are in terms of the 2014 budgeting process? And then, obviously, the commentary this morning is more about allocation of capital than I think we've ever seen, and I think, Soren, that's sort of your focus, new on board here. So can you just talk about how do you tease out better operations just because of a better operating environment versus this is a business line we should be in because over the longer term, the returns are superior to, say, something else we could potentially do with our capital? Because I think it's clear that the coming 12 months are going to be a pretty good operating environment for agribusiness and obviously sugar, you're sort of taking a second look at. But I just -- because it's kind of a new stance for you and I just want to get an idea about sort of how you think about that and then kind of how is it playing out in the budget you're setting for 2014.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Diane, there are 2 streams that you're referring to here. One, we're in the middle of finalizing our forecast process for '14. That at this point is mainly impacted by the asset base we have in place and how we optimize and maximize the returns from that asset base. And there's capital allocation decisions around where we want to invest working capital because that's still flexible at this point and will clearly deploy the working capital to the highest-return areas. So when you come to the budget process, that is the case, and we continue to look at performance management in that and where we can improve margins, where we can reduce costs, et cetera. So the normal things you would expect us to be doing, we're doing around '14. When we look forward on the capital allocation process, we are always looking at the macro environment in all of our industries. As you know, we're in agribusiness and basic foods. Those are heavily driven by population and income growth, so we look at which markets are going to be the consumers on that basis, and we see very good growth in a lot of markets across the world, Mexico, obviously, being primarily one of them, when you look at their income and population growth and put it out in the future. But in the last few years, we've invested a lot of money in the various countries in Asia. We've done a lot in China, we've done a lot in India, Vietnam, in those -- what countries that fit that profile. So we're looking for places that have the right long-term macroeconomics and that we believe long term will have a strong margin structure. And the year-to-year margin structures in our business fluctuate as you know. But if you look through our agribusiness through the cycles, on an annual basis, it actually turns out to be pretty steady profit. So if you're in the right markets that have the growth, that have the consumption, if you're right in origination markets, which we emphasize a lot, where you know the crop volumes will grow and you know the opportunities are there in ports and logistics and distribution, over the long time, agribusiness will be very successful. And we look to add on with the food business wherever we can, particularly if we can integrate it with agribusiness. You have the wheat milling business, that is a perfect example. We have a market like Mexico that imports wheat. So we can use our origination and logistics capabilities in Canada and the U.S. to supply the wheat to Mexico and gain competitive advantage. And we can use the excellent skills of our food team to build out the downstream profitability in that business. And if you look across margarine, mayonnaise, oil, it's really the same. How do we bring our complementary skills together, how do we have a strong supply chain, and is it at a market where our food team can create the necessary margins and growth for the future. So those are the 2 priorities internally when you talk about business planning. When you look at where the returning funds to shareholders fit in, in what we're saying is we always have to look at the value that returning funds to shareholders is going to create and compare it to whether or not that we have internal investment opportunities that are going to create even greater value for shareholders or not, and then we allocate the funds to where the return to shareholders is best.
Diane Geissler - CLSA Limited, Research Division: I appreciate that, but I guess, a follow on and I think this sort of touches to what Vince said earlier, which is basically to me, when I look at the sugar business, it seems like a comparable business to agribusiness. It's growing crops and processing them and making food items that you sell to the same customer base. So I guess, I'm just a little confused as to like why you can make it work in agribusiness but why it's been so difficult to bring that same skill set into sugar.
Soren W. Schroder: I think we are bringing that same skill set into sugar, but there are a couple of pieces of the sugar equation that are very difficult to manage risk around. One is the agriculture itself. We are farmers, and so this past season is a good example of just how volatile it is. So the agricultural aspect in sugar, we don't -- we are not exposed to in agribusiness. And the second thing is really government policy on pricing, particularly pricing of gasoline, which knocks on ethanol. So those are 2 additional variables that really determine the outcome that are difficult, if not impossible, to manage. And so that would be the defining difference between agribusiness and sugar as we see it today.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing comments.
Mark Haden: Great. Well, thank you, everyone. This completes the call.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer and Director Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2013 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Dawn, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Dawn, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2, and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Soren Schroder, Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Soren.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Mark, and good morning to everybody. The first half of the year came in generally as we expected, and we're anticipating a strong second half. In the second quarter, our Brazilian agribusiness operations generated strong results, executing record volumes under challenging logistic conditions. We navigated the choppy agri markets well, but faced some challenging structural conditions in North America, Europe and Argentina due to the continued effects of last year's poor oilseed and green crops. In sugar & bioenergy, we can clearly see the positive impacts of our improvement efforts in the industrial operations, but also in global risk and trade flow management. And food & ingredients delivered a record first half of the year due to improved volumes, margins, service levels and close work with customers on procurement strategies. Group demand and big Northern Hemisphere crops should drive robust commercial activity, asset utilization and growth and global trade in agribusiness during the remainder of the year. Sugar & bioenergy will enter the peak milling season. And in food & ingredients, we expect continued strong performance in both milling and edible oils as we launch new consumer and B2B oil products and continue to improve the total supply chain efficiency. We're optimistic about the long term as well. Our markets, while competitive, are growing steadily. Bunge has a solid foundation. We are leader in key markets. We have an excellent team and a strong financial position. We're excited about the future, but it's also clear that success has to be defined by stronger financial performance and consistent value creation for shareholders. Growth has to be balanced with compelling returns. Our improvement plan for sugar & bioenergy is an essential part of elevating overall returns to above our cost of capital, but we can do more in other segments as well. We're enhancing our global performance management system, which will facilitate a more granular management of business unit performance, then intensify our continuous improvement on operational excellence efforts. We're also adjusting our capital management investment approach. We're reducing our 2013 CapEx by $200 million and commencing a review of 2014 plans. We're prioritizing projects with short paybacks, many of them aimed at improving productivity and we're postponing some growth projects which will allow us to improve capacity utilization of our existing asset base. We're reviewing 2014 in the same spirit. We will, however, still look to fill important gaps in our global network for opportunities, strategic and returns compelling. Again, our intent is to balance growth opportunities with a requirement of improving our returns. We look forward to sharing more details with you in the coming months. Now I'll turn the call over to Drew, who will provide greater detail in the quarter and outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Soren. Let's turn to Page 3 in the earnings highlights. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $239 million versus $404 million in the prior year. The prior year included certain gains of $121 million related to the sale of our interest in the Solae joint venture and to the acquisition of a controlling interest in a Mexican wheat mill where we previously held the minority interest. On a year-to-date basis, our adjusted EBITDA, $499 million, is 3% higher than the prior year, $483 million. The improved result was driven by improvements in our sugar & bioenergy and our food & ingredients businesses. Agribusiness year-to-date performance is below prior year, mainly due to the impact of past weather events on our businesses in North America, Europe and Argentina. Our Brazilian business has performed well. In the quarter, agribusiness adjusted EBIT was $170 million versus $301 million in the prior year. Brazil was the primary driver of results in the quarter. European results were negatively impacted by tight sunflower and rape seed supplies and a follow-on impact of more grain crops in the Black Sea. Similarly, North America was negatively impacted by tight grain and oilseed crops. Our sugar business recorded a loss of $3 million in the second quarter compared to a loss of $28 million in the prior year. This result exceeded our expectations as all 3 businesses performed well. As a reminder, the second quarter was seasonally weak for our milling business, and it marks the beginning of the sugarcane harvest in ATR levels or at their lowest. We are beginning to see the results of our productivity improvement and planting programs. There is sufficient cane in the fields for us to produce at capacity. Our crush volumes were 25% above prior year, ATR levels are trending towards historical norms and our production costs are lower. These lower production costs combined with higher ethanol prices more than offset the impact of lower sugar prices. Our merchandising business performed well due to strong export volumes and margins, combined with strong rich management. Biofuel results were higher due to improved margins in our U.S. joint venture. Food & ingredients adjusted EBIT was $63 million versus $10 million in the weak prior-year quarter, as both edible oils and milling reported improved results. In edible oils, North America, Brazil and India performed well, and Europe showed improvements as margins were better despite strong competition and higher raw material prices in certain markets. In milling, our Brazil wheat milling and North American corn milling businesses performed well. Results in Mexico wheat milling were higher, reflecting our increased ownership. Our net income per share from continuing operations diluted and adjusted was $0.74 versus $1.15 in the prior year. In calculating this quarter's net income available to common shareholders, $17 million or approximately $0.12 a share is allocated to the holders of a redeemable noncontrolling interest. This allocation is primarily related to an Eastern European oilseeds joint venture, where our partner has a put option with a fixed minimum price. The joint venture occurred a loss in the quarter primarily due to the poor oilseed crop last year, and our partner share of this loss is assigned to our common holders. The business is expected to turn profitable with the new harvest later this year. On a year-to-date basis, EPS adjusted and diluted was $1.89 versus $1.97 in the prior year. Let's turn to Page 4 in the cash flow. Our cash flow used for operating activities was $513 million. It is comprised of funds from operations of $664 million which primarily represents net income of $270 million plus depreciation, depletion and amortization of $270 million. We had an outflow in changes in assets and liabilities of $1.2 billion, primarily due to a seasonal increase in accounts receivable and prepayments to farmers. The seasonal increase in working capital is much lower than prior year due to a significantly lower inventory build. Our liquidity situation remained strong. At June 30, we had $2.8 billion of credit available under committed lines. Let's turn to Page 5 in the outlook. We expect a strong second half. In agribusiness, we expect demand to be strong in North American and European supplies to be replenished by large harvest. Customer inventories are lean, following a period of high prices, tight supplies in the Northern Hemisphere and logistical delays in South America. At the same time, meat economics are good, increasing demand for both grains and oilseeds. A combination of refilling pipelines and good underlying demand should result an increasing global trade volumes and higher oilseed processing utilization, especially in the Northern Hemisphere as the new crop supplies become available. In sugar & bioenergy, we are entering the seasonally stronger second half of the year. Our cane planting and productivity programs are yielding positive results. We have adequate cane to run our plants at full capacity, and both cane yields and ATR are improving, resulting in lower unit production costs. Ethanol pricing has improved, but has been offset by weaker sugar prices. We continue to expect to be solidly profitable this year. Our foods business should continue to perform well, and we expect increased profitability in the second half. We will continue to focus on increasing our operational efficiency and customer service levels. The upcoming harvest should be supported for margins in Europe. In fertilizer, we continue to expect to close on the sale of our Brazilian business to Yara in the third quarter. As Soren indicated, we are reducing our 2013 capital expenditures by $200 million to $1 million. In summary, we expect a strong finish to the year. Agribusiness margins in the Northern Hemisphere should widen with the arrival of large crops, sugar & bioenergy should continue to improve and begin to demonstrate its earning potentials and food & ingredients should continue its upward trend in earnings. I will now turn the call back to the operator, and we will take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Two quick questions. First on the CapEx budget, can you speak specifically to what you are not going to do this year that you're otherwise going to do? And then secondly, I guess maybe the same question for '14, what exactly are you looking at?
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. I don't want to get into the specific project details, but it is a combination of postponing certain growth projects so that we time that better with what we believe will be a nice growth in demand and allows us to operate our existing capacities and higher rates. And then it is a reprioritization of what I'd say projects that have shorter paybacks and are more related to productivity. And that will -- that is how we got to the reduction this year. Next year, we'll look at it in the same light. We'll come back with more detail. We haven't completed the analysis yet, but it will be in the same spirit.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is there a target level of growth CapEx you're looking to get to?
Soren W. Schroder: I will say that what we are doing in general is reducing growth CapEx for the time being and focusing more on things that are related to direct productivity improvements. But I wouldn't, at this point, be in a position to give you a target on what the number is.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then last question is just can you talk a little bit about how the mixes of the second half should play out in terms of earnings contribution? I'm assuming 3Q will be smaller than 4Q potentially because you won't necessarily have the North American harvest until late in 3Q, early 4Q?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think it'll be loaded towards Q4. That is correct from a tendency point of view. But I think all segments should have very strong Q3s and Q4s, agribusiness for sure. Sugar were entering the peak months, Q3, and the beginning of Q4 will be the strongest month for sugar. And seasonally -- and I think also because we feel so comfortable about the improvement plans we have in our food & ingredients business, should have a very strong finish to the year. So it's really across all 3 segments but heavily weighted towards -- are weighted towards Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ann Duignan from JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just thought on the 2 businesses, sugarcane, ethanol, are there opportunities in sugarcane, ethanol for exports to the U.S. as we go forward?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, there will be a continued flow to the U.S. for Brazilian ethanol, partly to meet the advanced fuel mandate in the U.S. And the volumes remain to be determined. They are largely dependent upon the amount of biodiesel that's produced in the U.S., which is at a strong clip at the moment. So it will be a mix between those 2 that fill the majority of that advanced fuel mandate in the U.S. this year and next year. So the flow will continue.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then on the agribusiness margins, can you give us any help breaking out the contribution to the margins from Brazil versus the U.S. or North America?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, from a tendency perspective, I say we have very good margins in Brazil. So very strong quarter, good volume, but also very good margins. And in Northern Hemisphere, particularly in soft seed crush in Europe, margins were very poor. That's the only way to put it, sunseed in particular, but also rape seed. In the U.S., margins in oilseed crushing were on paper, probably better than you might have thought they would be. But capacity utilization was very low, so the fixed cost per ton were very high. And the grain handling volumes were just bad because of last year's drought. So Brazil outperformed, I would say, but Europe and North America wasn't able to compensate.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And when you say very good margins in Brazil, any chance you can define very good?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, better than last year. No, I can't put a number on it. But there were solidly good margins with good returns, good [indiscernible] and then obviously, very good execution, which is a big piece of the equation in Brazil the last 2 quarters. We locked in good margins and we executed them. That's really the -- I think that's a good story in Q3 in Brazil. There were plenty of opportunities to lose a good margin in logistical snags, and we didn't, and we feel good about the next quarter as well. So good margins, and we kept them.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just a follow-up on Ann's question. If you look at the Brazilian margins, is there any -- how are you competing for beans with the demand around the world so strong for soybeans and exports up so much? How are your plans operating there on the crush side?
Soren W. Schroder: You mean within Brazil?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Yes.
Soren W. Schroder: All our plants were operating, and the crush margins have generally been good in the last quarter. Export product [ph] beans, of course, is also been very strong. Brazil has exported an all-time record amount of beans over the last 4 months. And in the case of Bunge, we made sure that all the beans that we had for export were directed to our own plants across the world, whether it's in China or Europe. So because the crop was so good and generally speaking, the farmer was a more willing seller as we got into the end of the quarter, we've been able to accommodate both our crush plants in Brazil who put margins and also feed our overseas in-house demand.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And as you look around the world, at global demand for beans versus processed products, has there been any notable changes? You talked about how the pipeline had been drawn down obviously. But curious how you're looking at demand, specifically for beans but also for meal, as you look at your exports.
Soren W. Schroder: Well, I think you can say that pipelines in both meal and beans have been extraordinarily tight, very, very tight over the last several months. Oil has been a bit of a different story. But for protein, for soybean meal and soybeans pipelines at destinations have been very squeaky, very tight. Demand for both has -- is still growing and will continue to accelerate in growth the last half of the year as we now get into a different price -- we expect to get into a different price level. But I'll say the bean tightness and the meal tightness at destination is probably about similar. In China, early on in the quarter, margins were good and soybean supplies very, very tight. That is now changing a little bit. Arrivals into China with beans out of Brazil, we had delays early on, but soybeans are now arriving in China at a steady clip. So that pipeline is being refilled. But there are still many parts of destinations, whether it's in Europe or Southeast Asia, where the meal supply pipeline is very, very tight. And will probably remain that for another -- that way for another few months.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Cox from Piper Jaffray.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: With the larger North America crop coming and now these port issues basically resolved in Brazil, can you talk a little bit about your volume expectations for the back half of the year in agribusiness? Can you frame it up for us, if you could?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. The overall agribusiness volume should be up the last half of the year. Northern Hemisphere, U.S. in particular, not Bunge, but in general, should have a -- should experience a significant uptick in exports compared to last year for sure. We will have a very, very strong bean export program. And corn, although it will compete with both Brazilian and Ukrainian corn should have a nice increase compared to last year as well. Wheat exports will be solid, led by both Chinese imports and also Brazilian imports. So overall, we expect volumes to improve the last half of the year, and a lot of it shifting towards North America.
Michael E. Cox - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then in terms of profitability in sugar & bioenergy, you commented just a couple of times about being solidly profitable there. And I was just wondering if you could comment or frame up your expectations relative to the $8 to $10 per ton level that you've talked about considering where sugar prices are today.
Andrew J. Burke: When we look at the $8 to $10, we've talked about achieving that in the next year. So for 2014, when we look at the different variables that go into that equation, we are where we thought would be as far as our productivity and our production cost, and we continue to make significant improvements along those lines. If we look at where the pricing levels are today, sugar is weak and below where we thought it would be. We've gotten some of that back because of the weakness in the real. So the real prices sugar versus our cost is a little bit more in line. So the impact isn't as big on the headline reduction in sugar as you would might expect. You put all that together, and I think we'd probably need a price increase of about 10% to 15% range to get us to a point we're at $8 to $10 next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from BMO.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So Soren, you're going to have, call it, an extra $200 million of CapEx -- reduction in CapEx, you're going to have $750 million and then you're probably to going have a downward curve in soybeans, so your working capital means should be a lot less. Can you talk about what your priorities to cash are? How they will change? And where your shareholders stand in the priority in the pecking order here?
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. You outlined it very well. We will between the Yara proceeds, the CapEx reduction and also the reduction in working capital that will come either as prices decline or our cash cycle improves or both have some flexibility as we get into the last half of the year and as this deal closes. Our priority is to keep the balance sheet in good order, maintain our BBB credit rating. That's number one. But it's clear that we have room beyond that to consider whether it's acquisitions or whether it's returning money to shareholders. All that is within the realms of possibility, we have the flexibility to approach both.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So what do you plan on doing with your flexibility, I guess, is the question. Is [indiscernible] right?
Soren W. Schroder: I think it'll be -- yes, that's right. Let's close the Yara deal first. That's something -- that's the first step. And as we gain confidence about the working capital levels and we see the reduction in CapEx over the next couple of months, and will become more concrete about how we pick the next steps. It's too early to call it now.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. You talked about Argentina, I mean Brazil starting to release soybeans. Can you talk about the Argentine environment? Where do you guys stay on that? It's still a pretty big part of the South American presence.
Soren W. Schroder: It is absolutely. I'd say, Argentina has -- it's a complicated market environment. On the grain side, the poor wheat crop and the cancellation of wheat export licenses earlier on this year was not an easy thing for the market to digest. But we've had a good export program in corn. And while farmer retention has been high on the bean side and most likely will continue to be, we've had decent crush margins but with low volumes. So it's a challenging environment. Margins are reasonable, but volumes are lower than we would like.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my last question is just a clarification. You said that the food will be stronger in the second half. Is that relative to year-ago levels or the first half? I just didn't understand that if you [indiscernible]
Soren W. Schroder: That's relative to the first half.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think it's actually both, Ken.
Soren W. Schroder: It probably is both, I think. But it is relative to the first, and yes, I believe if you go back a little bit with the numbers, I don’t have them in front of me, but I'm sure it is relative to both.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions. The first one is maybe just -- in apologies, I'm not sure if you'd say this. I'm joining a little late. Your call overlapped with another one of our covered companies. But wanted just to ask a little bit about kind of the quarterly performance. You wrote in the press releases that this was kind of in line with your expectations, but yet it's down quite considerably year-on-year from second quarter 2012. So I suppose -- maybe it's my mistake for not understanding you guys on the last call, but it just was anything but clear that you would see this level of decline from the year-ago period. And then Soren, maybe kind of a corollary to that particular issue, I suppose I just want to know philosophically, when the Northern Hemisphere has problems and given the absolute massive size that you have in South America, why does it seem that it just doesn't work that, that business down there would see outsized profitability to more than offset difficulties in the Northern Hemisphere?
Soren W. Schroder: Okay. But maybe I'll take the last one first. It's really a matter of balance. I think what we had this past year really was a problem, not only in the U.S., but also in Europe. So you've got our European crops business, particularly the soft seed business, but also the grain handling, as well as North America running into a very well-advertised supply shortage. I mean, we've talked about that since last November, that at some point in time this spring, both of those regions would face structural problems. And combined, they're large. Brazil was -- Brazil, although it performed very, very well, simply wasn't able to compensate for that. That's the short story. I would also say, David, that we navigated markets well, we manage risk very well this past quarter, but it's a complicated market environment. So it was perhaps a more conservative approach than we would have taken last year at same time where the impacts of the evolving U.S. drought were more clear, and you can see how choppy the markets are. So our approach has been a bit more conservative perhaps. But the balance issue really is what you're referring to. And the combination of Europe, as well as North America, the structural negative margins, particularly in crush, just couldn't be compensated by what was a really good quarter in Brazil.
Andrew J. Burke: David, I also might add, we didn't have the normal balance coming out of South America because it was a complicated quarter in Argentina. You had slow farmer selling so you had lower volumes, you had the wheat crop down there. It wasn't very good, so you didn't have the normal wheat coming out of Argentina. So it's not as if all South America were sitting on all cylinders. While Brazil was, we didn't get the pickup we'd normally would get [indiscernible] in that quarter.
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, that's a fair point.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Can I -- and from my point of view, I think that probably is the key piece of it, and I would only say that from the outside, of course, as an analyst following the company since it IPO-ed, it is difficult. When you -- if you really do have an expectation that it'll be down materially in -- within a 3-month interval, I would just simply strongly encourage you to just be as clear as you can about these things. I understand your desire to not give guidance, but some very strong directional indications, especially on short-term stuff, is appreciated.
Soren W. Schroder: Okay, David. All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Drew, just a quick question, following up on your comment that we would need to see another 10% to 15% increase in prices that start getting to that $8 to $10 EBIT ton level, it seems like you've been talking about the need for this for several quarters. What do you think exactly does need to occur, either in Brazil or in the export markets, for us to finally start getting that 10% to 15% increase? We've seen the blend mandate go from 20% to 25%. People are talking about 600 million-plus gallons of exports out of Brazil. Just trying to get a sense of what type of sensitivity you're looking at in projecting out a 10% to 15% increase?
Andrew J. Burke: Okay. I think we -- obviously, to you're talking about sugar and ethanol separately. So if we take a look at the sugar balance sheets or supply and demand, we refer to them as balance sheets here. If we take a look at the sugar supply and demand in pricing history, pricing hit a very high point in sugar, I don't know, maybe a year ago. My timing might be off a little bit. But for a couple of years prior to that, and that brought a lot of marginal production around the world into the market as a lot of nontraditional origins increased their production. They typically work on a shorter cycle than you have in Brazil as far the planting cycle, so I would expect that a lower sugar price, you would see some of the supply come down. The second factor is we do expect ethanol demand to continue to rise in Brazil, and as that rises, you will see product being reallocated or production being reallocated from sugar to ethanol, so it would be supportive of sugar prices. So we think sugar is just towards a low point in the cycle and will naturally come up than we think that surplus in sugar will naturally be used up between those 2 factors. So we think there is a possibility that sugar prices will improve over the near to mid term, but markets are always hard to call or answering what the situations are that would make it happen. On the ethanol side, we have seen movement by the Brazilian government in the gasoline price. We've seen policies that are friendly towards ethanol or in terms of taxation. But even when all of that is factored in, there is still a problem for the country of having a fuel deficit, they are fairly large importer of gasoline and they are incurring losses on those imports. So the situation still is not sustainable, and we expect that sometime the government will have to address that. And if they would increase the gasoline price, it would have a follow-on impact on the ethanol price. So those are the factors that would lead you to believe that we're in a situation where prices are more likely headed up and down. But as always, it's hard to call exactly when they will flow through to the markets. But those will be the reasons we would expect that it's reasonable to assume in the future that price movement will be upward.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just shifting gears. Soren, I don't want to jump the guns since it's your first quarter, but we have seen some of your competitors being maybe more aggressive in outlining cost savings and CapEx improvement. Obviously, you've highlighted some of the reduction for growth CapEx. But just framing this up, should we start to start thinking about some of these initiatives that maybe you'll start looking at over the next coming months? And what type of buckets, as you're reviewing the business, should we expect that you'll be focused on?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, that's a fair point. The headline is absolutely focused on returns. And so the CapEx is part of that, SG&A is part of that. The whole performance management approach that we are now implementing at Bunge is aimed at improving returns. And within that approach, there are several buckets. There's an industrial bucket, there's an SG&A bucket. In fact, you can see some of those improvements already. They will accelerate throughout the year. There is a financial bucket and there's a commercial bucket. And as we become a little bit more advanced in our implementation, we can perhaps start talking about some of those elements more specifically. But our performance management program really covers all of those 4 buckets in quite some detail. And it focuses in on the business unit itself, which is the building block of Bunge's performance. It looks at performance gaps to best in class, whether it is within Bunge or whether it is externally. And it establishes targets based on those performance gaps and actions to get there, all aimed at improving returns. So as we roll this out in more detail we've just started, I think we'll be able to talk about it in some more detail in upcoming quarters.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Great. We look forward to it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler from Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess just a follow-up on the CapEx. Can you talk about how that impacts your ability to grow over the longer term in terms of volumes and EPS targets? And even more specifically as it relates to I think you guys have point to target of doubling share capacity, how long should we expect CapEx to remain at a lower level?
Soren W. Schroder: Well, the discipline around CapEx will remain. I think the impact of what we've just outlined is going to be very minimal, really believe that we'll be able to bring our existing asset base and system up at a higher level of utilization. And I think that's, generally speaking, an industry issue. There is no behind the [ph] capacity that needs to be consumed over the next couple of years as the markets grow. And then we will schedule growth projects in an appropriate fashion so that we can maintain our market share and our presence in the important parts of the world beyond that. So I don't think that our reduction or rescheduling of some of these CapEx growth projects will have negative impact on our results short term. We'll simply utilize what we have better. But don't misunderstand this either. We are still looking and we are still able to pursue important strategic growth opportunities when they come about. We haven't stopped that. Our industry is growing, Bunge is still growing. But for the next while, we really believe that Bunge and the industry, maybe at large, has an opportunity to use better what already exists.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And I guess does that mean that maybe there are some opportunities for acquisitions given the overcapacity in certain areas and where Bunge be interested in?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, I think that's a good point. I think we would be more interested in pursuing acquisitions, especially in markets that have overcapacity than adding capacity, that's clear. So we are looking at acquisitions as well.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, on the last quarterly call, you mentioned that you expected the business to earn above your cost of capital this year. Do you still feel like that is consistent?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes. I mean, we've said that we will get to cost of capital this year, and we believe that's still the case.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Soren, I wanted to ask you like over the past several years, commodity prices have gone up quite a lot just -- and I think they're higher to stay. I had always thought that Bunge would earn higher returns in an environment like that, because I thought that your company and other processor logistics providers would get a higher return for taking on the risk of taking on all that inventory, and -- both from your customers and your suppliers. And it hasn't paid -- it hasn't played off that way. And I'm wondering if -- what your point of view is as too why that is. Is it the farmers who have maybe gotten more negotiating power in that interaction? I doubt it would be your customers. So do you have a view on that?
Soren W. Schroder: I think the ability of farmers in key markets to hold crops is part of that, no doubt. But I think the overriding issue is that capacity utilization in most important markets has actually gone down. There's been more capacity addition than there's been demand growth in this period of high prices. So that's one part. And in reality, margins just haven't expanded in a proportional way to make up for the increase use in working capital. So it comes down to a capacity issue at the end of the day, and I think that is really the biggest challenge.
Operator: I will now turn the call back to Mark Haden for closing comments.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Dawn, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer of Bunge North America
Analysts: Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the first quarter 2013 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Brandon, and I'll be the operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn it over to Mr. Mark Haden. Mark, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Brandon, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer; and Soren Schroder, who will become Bunge's CEO on June 1. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. It was a solid first quarter. I'm especially pleased by the way Sugar & Bioenergy performed. It shows we are on the right track. Agribusiness results were good. Our team performed very well, managing risk in a volatile market environment characterized by tight global supplies and challenging Brazilian logistics. And Food & Ingredients continued its strong performance from the second half of last year. Looking ahead, I remain confident about 2013 and beyond. Agribusiness markets are transitioning from one of tightness to more comfortable supplies. Customer inventory pipelines are lean and in need of restocking so demand should remain strong. Farmers in South America responded with a record production and farmers in the Northern Hemisphere are expected to respond similarly. The logistics congestion in Brazil was improving, but delays will continue to persist until the U.S. harvest later this year. We see positive signs in Sugar & Bioenergy as the weather in the center-south of Brazil has been ideal for cane development, and early readings of ATR, the sugar content in the cane, are on track to return to more normal levels. We also expect Food & Ingredients' results to continue to improve throughout the year. Now I will turn over the call to Drew, who will provide greater detail on the quarter and outlook. Later, also, Soren will participate with us on the Q&A.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Alberto. Let's turn to Page 3 in the earnings highlights. Total segment EBIT in the quarter was $323 million and included a $63 million gain from the sale of certain legal claims in Brazil. Adjusted for this claim, total segment EBIT was $260 million versus $200 million in the prior year. Our Agribusiness EBIT was $175 million versus $197 million in the prior year. Despite the reduction in volumes caused by low crop availability due to the prior year's droughts, our volumes increased 3%. This growth primarily reflects strong origination volumes in Brazil and higher utilization of our Pacific Northwest terminal. Soybean processing results were above prior year in all regions. Sunseed processing results were below prior year due to weather-related supply shortages and slow farmer selling. Our grain merchandising results were below prior year due to weather-related crop shortages in the Northern Hemisphere and Argentina. Our Brazilian grains business performed well. Our Sugar & Bioenergy business produced an adjusted EBIT of $23 million versus a $33 million loss in the prior year based on a strong performance by our trading and merchandising business and a better-than-expected performance in our milling business. Merchandising and trading profits were driven by a combination of strong volumes, higher margins and good risk management results. Trading and merchandising volumes were 1.9 million tons, twice the prior year levels. During the first quarter, the milling business was in the inter-harvest period, which meant our mills did not start off until the last few weeks of the quarter and we sold product carried over from the prior year. The improvement in performance from the prior year results from lower inventory costs and higher ethanol prices. Our Food & Ingredients business had another strong quarter with adjusted EBITDA of $59 million versus $48 million in the prior year. Both edible oils and milling performed above prior year. Edible oils exceeded prior year primarily as a result of higher margins and volumes in Brazil. Prior year volumes were lower than normal due to an SAP implementation. Milling benefited from a stronger performance by our Brazilian business, which was also impacted by the SAP implementation in the prior year and the results of our weak milling business in Mexico. Our continuing Fertilizer business had an adjusted EBIT of $3 million versus a $12 million loss in the prior year. Our Argentine business and Moroccan joint venture both showed improved performance. Our net income available to common shareholders is $171 million versus $84 million in the prior year. Earnings per share from continuing operations on a fully diluted and adjusted basis is $1.15 per share versus $0.81 in the prior year. Let's turn to Page 4 in the cash flow statement. Funds from operation in the quarter were $296 million, primarily reflecting net income plus depreciation of $121 million. Cash provided from operations was $103 million versus cash used by operations in the prior of $302 million. Capital expenditures of $224 million were in line with the prior year and plan. Our liquidity position remains strong. At March 31, we had approximately $3 billion of borrowing capacity available under committed credit lines. Let's turn to Page 5 in the outlook. We remain confident about 2013. As a reminder, our results should be more oriented towards the second half of the year due to the seasonality of our businesses, particularly Sugar & Bioenergy. This is more the case this year as Agribusiness earnings in the Northern Hemisphere will be constrained by the crop available until harvest begins in the third quarter and commercialization in South America may be slower than historical trends. In Agribusiness, we still have large crops to be handled and processed in South America, and we are expecting large crops in the Northern Hemisphere. If the crops meet expectations, supplies will move from tight to more balanced and near-term demand will increase as the pipelines are restocked. South America will be the primary origin for exports through September. Additionally, our large Brazilian winter corn crop will provide opportunities for export business and support elevation margins. Oilseed processing margins continue to be good. With the new large -- with the large new crop, Northern Hemisphere volumes and margins should improve. Oilseed processing margins in China are currently good due to tight supplies. We expect this to continue through the second quarter and potentially longer if supplies are being stay in balance. Near-term demand may be lower due to food safety concerns, but we expect the demand impact to be temporary. Oilseed processing margins are above prior year. Please turn to Page 6. In Sugar & Bioenergy, positive signs are emerging. The new harvest has started and we expect to have enough cane to crush at full capacity. Importantly, both sugarcane yields per hectare and ATR, the sugar content in the cane, are higher than last year. This combination will result in a significant reduction on our unit costs. Also, recent policy decisions in Brazil have created a more positive environment for ethanol. The government has moved to increase gasoline prices, which has a follow-on affect to ethanol pricing and demand. They have increased the blend rate of anhydrous ethanol into gasoline from 20% to 25% and earlier this week announced the reduction of taxes on ethanol, which would also be supportive to the industry. Accordingly, we see ethanol profitability improving. Sugar prices have declined and are below our expectation for this year. If this persists, it may offset the improved economics of ethanol. We still expect to be solidly profitable in our Sugar & Bioenergy business this year and we continue on track to achieve our targeted $8 to $10 EBIT per ton goal. Food & Ingredients should continue to perform well. Our base businesses are solid. Our recent acquisitions are performing well and we have several new investments coming on stream later this year, including the Kandla refinery in India and the Decatur, Alabama refinery and packaging plant. We expect our continuing fertilizer operations to be profitable, and the sale of our Brazilian fertilizer business is on track with closing expected later this year. I will now turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] From Cleveland Research, we have Christine McCracken online.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on, in terms of demand, you did allude to the fact that there's been this recent disruption in China on the bird flu side, I believe. But have you at all looked at the downturn in the hog industry? And what looks to be a rather sizable liquidation in that herd? And as it relates to soy mill demand, aren't you at all concerned that, that demand growth will flow for longer than the short term?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, this is Soren. Let me try and tackle that one. There's no doubt that short term, there is a negative impact on demand in China. A lot of it also simply coming from the fact that pipelines are so thin. But we believe that as we get through the next 2 or 3 months, all that will rebuild and certainly, the second half of the year, we'll be back to the growth rates in protein demand in China that we've enjoyed so far. So for the year, we don't really see it as a big flag.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And then just in terms of the color around the -- sorry, the ethanol, the changes in the ethanol tax rate and the increase in the blend, is there any way to quantify what that could mean in terms of incremental pricing opportunities and better returns on the sugar side?
Alberto Weisser: It's too early, Christine, because the devil is in the details, so we are still trying to digest because it's a tax reduction that is partially among the millers, partially among the distributors. There's a credit also to the millers and producers so we need a little bit of more time. But it's clearly a positive sign of more support from the government in direction that they realized the profitability of ethanol needs to be higher for millers to invest. So we feel good because we have single-mindedly focused on reducing our unit costs, and you can start seeing the results. But for the industry as a whole, for the whole country, more is needed.
Operator: From JPMorgan, we have Ann Duignan online.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the costs in Q2 from the delayed startup of the mills in Brazil? Can you quantify that in any way so that we can sort of get our models right?
Andrew J. Burke: That number is not small, but it's not that significant. What I think we would say is, we do expect to be profitable for the first half of the year. If it's typically the case, we probably will have a small loss in quarter 2 and maybe a little bit bigger than normal because the shifting in course. But the way I think of it is we'd be break-even to positive for the first half of the year.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on a more strategic note, Soren, can you talk a little bit about your role as CEO? Would you anticipate a review of this -- the portfolio and where you want to take this business for the next 5, 10 years once you take over as CEO?
Soren W. Schroder: You know what, at the moment, my focus is really on the transition, which is going very well and I'm super excited to continue to grow Bunge in the path that we already have established. But we review our portfolio on an ongoing basis and so we will be -- we'll continue to do that. But at this point, I can't really comment on anything more than I'm excited to continue the path of Bunge.
Operator: From Morgan Stanley, we have Vincent Andrews online.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Can you just help us sort of think sequentially from 1Q to 2Q? A lot of moving parts, clearly. You just discussed sort of where sugar was. But do you think Agribusiness is going to be about flat or do you think it'll be up at all sequentially?
Alberto Weisser: I think, Vincent, that the quarter-to-quarter is very different in our business, as you know, because you move through -- as you move through the harvest cycles, each quarter performs differently. So I don't think looking at it sequentially is the best approach. From a historical perspective, I think what we're trying to say is the earnings -- some of the earnings opportunity that are normal in a quarter or 2 might appear later in the year and there's a little bit of weakness in the Northern Hemisphere crops. As you know, we don't give specific guidance so I don't want to put a number around it. But that's how I would think about it broadly.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, and just as a follow-up for Soren, do you have any particular views around use of capital whether it's CapEx or dividend or share repurchases that you can share with us at this point?
Soren W. Schroder: All of those options are open to us, and we review them on a regular basis. We have many opportunities that meet our hurdle rates to continue to grow our basic core business. And so that's clearly something that we're focused on and our CapEx policy, I think it's been exposed or explained clearly in the past. That's not changing. But all the options that you mentioned are available to us. Very importantly also, that maintaining our credit rating is absolutely essential. So that is part of the -- part of the consideration as well.
Operator: From Miller Tabak, we have Tim Tiberio online.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: When we assess, I guess, all the puts and takes in the timing issues in the Agribusiness, Drew, do you still feel that this is an environment in 2013 where you can still earn your cost of capital or even better in this environment?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, no question about it.
Andrew J. Burke: It certainly is that type of environment. And as you know, exactly how the euro play out depends a lot on what the Northern Hemisphere crops are. But as the year lines up right now, we see -- clearly see the potential to earn our cost of capital.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay, and as a follow-up question on the biodiesel side, obviously, we have the mandate being increased year-over-year. But we also have very tight ethanol RIN credits from what I understand. From what you're seeing in that market right now, do you see the potential for us to maybe go a little bit higher than that mandate and provide some demand on the soy oil side in the second half that we're not currently seeing in Q1?
Soren W. Schroder: Yes, this is Soren. I'll take that one. I think we feel that we will most likely exceed the mandated level of biodiesel production this year. Margins are there and the RINs are clearly needed. So in all likelihood, that will continue to mean a drawdown of soybean oil stocks in North America, in the U.S. in particular, which we're experiencing. So a tight oil balance in the U.S. is likely to be the result of all this as the year progresses, certainly until September.
Operator: From Bank of Montréal, we have Ken Zaslow online.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Soren, you have $750 million coming to you some time in the fall. What do you expect to do with that?
Soren W. Schroder: We will make that decision when we get there, Ken. The options I just outlined, I would say that making sure that our balance sheet stays very strong and in line with our credit rating, current credit rating, is absolutely a priority. So that probably would be the first place we look.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Well can you talk about things that you won't do with it, maybe? Like, will you put any extra assets towards sugar or anything like that? Or can we think that you might be thinking about giving it back to shareholders? Or can you just frame it a little bit for us?
Soren W. Schroder: As I said, the priority really is to make sure that we stay within our ratios, balance sheet ratios, so that we maintain the strong credit rating that we have and everything else will be considered and decided when we get closer to it. So I don't want to exclude anything at this point other than maintaining that first point. That's the priority.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Then my second question, in South America, can you talk about the logistic challenges and how they're easing or not easing over the next couple of months or if we've seen any change in that over the last couple of months? And then also, the crush margin outlook in both Brazil and Argentina would be helpful.
Alberto Weisser: Okay. Maybe we start with the crush margins first. Q1, we had good margins, good crush margins, in soya in Brazil in particular, also in the U.S. but in Brazil in particular. And Q2 should be fair for both Argentina and Brazil. So second quarter, we should see fair margins in both South American countries. As far as the logistics are concerned, the first quarter clearly has been a big challenge for the industry as a whole. It has also been for us, but we've navigated well and our results in Brazil show it. We came out of the first quarter looking good in both our grain origination and export activities. And part of the reason for that really is that we control more of the infrastructure maybe than the market as a whole, be that the overflow buffer storage we have in the interior, the control of the trans-shipment points, which is what we connect from truck to rail. The fact that we rely more on rail trans-shipments to the ports than the industry as a whole, roughly 20% more is used by us in terms of rail and truck. And that we have a very good global planning process. We don't put vessels in that we can't load. And that means that we also avoid not only the congestion at the origin, but make sure that we supply our destination crush, and China was a good story for us in Q1.
Andrew J. Burke: Plus the terminals.
Alberto Weisser: So the terminals, yes, we have the 8 terminals and so forth. We control our destiny to a larger extent than the industry, probably in Brazil, and I think it's reflected in our results. Q2, the challenge continues. So it's not over. I would say it's going to take us well into probably June, maybe even July before we get rid of the backlog in Brazil both in the interior and in the -- in line-ups at the terminals. But I think we feel good about our ability to navigate through that as we did in the first quarter.
Operator: From Piper Jaffray, we have Brett Wong online.
Brett Wong - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: My question actually just got asked, but I'm just wondering if do you see any impact on margins in your Agribusiness from the logistical issues down in the second quarter?
Alberto Weisser: Well clearly there, the industry experienced higher cost of transportation as a whole and we did as well. The margin structure, however, compensated for that. In Q2, it is possible that there will be a slight shift of income from Q2 into Q3 as we execute through the programs, but I don't think it will be dramatic. I think we feel comfortable about our ability to execute the current book in Brazil through Q2. The amount of new or fresh farmer selling is a little bit difficult to judge at the moment with lower prices and then all these logistics headaches, farmers are not as active as they have been and that could be a bit of a flag. But in terms of execution, we feel good about where we are.
Operator: From Itaú BBA, we have Giovana Araujo online.
Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division: Going back to the logistics in Brazil, we heard from industry that the total logistics losses in Brazil to be recognized by the trading companies will slightly to amount close to BRL 2 billion, which implies a reading that trading companies will pay the bill in the first moment. Do you agree with that? If yes, how do you recognize these losses? As you sell or at once?
Andrew J. Burke: You clearly saw with our results, Giovanna, that we did not recognize these losses. So the higher costs because we were able to recover along the chain. So -- but I do not have a view on what the loss are for the industry. This number probably means the higher cost of freight. So -- but at the end, this is being borne by, mainly, the farmers with lower prices. So the results speak for themselves in our case.
Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division: Okay. My last question is about crushing margins in Brazil. We are a little bit concerned about the fiscal sin [ph] tax exemption on food passing its products on crushing margins in Brazil. Is that a concern to you? How these affect your crushing margins?
Andrew J. Burke: Are you referring to the new [indiscernible] law that was recently issued?
Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division: Exactly.
Andrew J. Burke: As you know, that law is still provisional and there are a number of amendments being proposed. So with the impact would be on us, we'll be highly dependent on those final amendments as it works its way through the Congress and we're continuing to evaluate it. Based on what we've seen so far, if we look at our overall margin structure throughout all our businesses in Brazil, we don't see a major impact.
Alberto Weisser: Because they're going to be also offsetting measures.
Operator: From Citi Research, we have Dave Driscoll online.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Alberto, I joined the call just slightly late. Is this call your final call or will you also join us on the -- on next quarter's call?
Alberto Weisser: If you're nice, I join you. But officially, the next call is at Soren. He's the CEO as of June 1.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I understand. Well I certainly want to wish you the best and it's been an absolute pleasure -- and a pleasure to have worked with you all these years. So -- but we do wish to be nice because we think we've got good things here. And so hopefully, we get to say our goodbyes again. But what I'd like to ask about is, risk management and certainly in the fourth quarter, there was just tremendous, tremendous discussion about risk management in kind of what happened. But now you're coming to the first quarter here and things look markedly better and then perhaps the outlook on the year is quite good just given the global tightness in grain supplies and given the difficulties that customers have geographically to source adequate products for the times that they needed. So could you spend some time and talk about risk management in terms of how you navigated through the quarter? And then what I really care about is your opinion on risk management activities and what their capabilities can and should be for the full year.
Alberto Weisser: Dave, we are very proud about our risk management, our framework, our team. I think we have done very well. Many people forgot that last year, we had the best year ever in Agribusiness. So when you look at it as a whole year, overall, we got it right. So the fourth quarter, we didn't get it perfectly right, but overall, the year was fine. And when you look at the first quarter, that is the continuum of a positive trend. So I feel very good about it, but let me ask Soren what his -- your take here.
Soren W. Schroder: I feel very good about it too, Alberto. Now, I mean, I think the bottom line is that the process and the approach to risk management this quarter is no different than it was last quarter or has been for a while. It's a strong process. It's a good approach and it's the same really solid team that's driving these results. As for the quarter, I mean, it was a transition quarter, David, from clearly super tight, high prices to now what looks like it's something different. And we obviously navigated that transition pretty well. Too early to call the year, as it is typically this time of year, but the outlook is good.
Operator: From Bank of America, we have Ryan Oksenhendler online.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up, I guess, on Agribusiness and digging a little bit more detail. I guess, for the full year outlook, it is, I know you talked about it on the last quarter conference call that you expect this year to be a record year and I know that there's some timing shifts going on. But is your outlook lower for Agribusiness for the full year than it was 3 months ago because of the timing shifts?
Andrew J. Burke: I would say, Ryan, first, we don't give guidance, so I can't give you a specific answer. But the timing shifts wouldn't change our outlook. The potential is still there for a very good year. And a lot of it really depends on the pace of farmer selling in South America to see if they come in to any -- how much competition they do get, give the Northern Hemisphere when the Northern Hemisphere comes into play, and the size of the Northern Hemisphere crops and our ability to process and move those. But if you look at the situation, you do have a lower price environment anticipated but with much larger crops, and that should allow us to perform well. But again, we have a long way to go to know how the year plays out and particularly, how big the North American crop actually is.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Because I guess, I thought like the whole key to this year was that North America would be the sole supplier in the first quarter and then you had really good -- South America really the only supplier in the second and third quarter, and you wouldn't have much of a tail, I guess, that South American crop to North American crop and so I guess, so the fourth quarter should really be a North American story and margin there should be pretty good. But if you're going to have this overlap now, I guess, why are you so confident in the back half of the year where you actually could have some competition between North America and South America?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that is a potential headwind. One of the things we'll watch is to see how that plays out and how delayed the commercialization of the South American crop really is. The other thing that is happening is supply chains are very thin to the destination markets so there'll be some stock refilling. But for all those variables, that's why we hesitate to give specific guidance because to come down at this point, to tell you the size of the North American harvest when it starts, how long the South American tail is, and when those supply chains get filled, is a lot of variables that are put together. And that's why I said the potential is there for a very good year. We feel good about our year, but we need to see how well these variables play out as we move through the year.
Operator: From CLSA, we have Diane Geissler online.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Hey, I wanted to ask you about the livestock industry in China. It just seems that they had a particularly tough first quarter between the dead pigs and the river floating into Shanghai and then all the problems [indiscernible] had with its supply chain, the chicken feed issue. Are you seeing an acceleration of commercialization of that -- of those industries in China? I know Tyson's been trying to build out some vertical integration in its operations, but I'm just -- what are you seeing from the feed side from China? What are your expectations for the full year?
Alberto Weisser: Well, as I said earlier, we do see a slowdown now and it will stick with us probably for another couple of months but certainly, the second half of the year, we expect a strong pull from China in protein, primarily soybeans, obviously. But there's no doubt that it's having a negative impact as we speak. But going back, looking at previous periods where similar things happened, it's always been remarkable how quickly things have rebuilt. And I believe that will be the same thing this time.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Well, I guess my question is sort of like the larger issue of what they are doing with their industry in terms of trying to be -- in terms of food safety and trying to be more -- and have a more professionalized feed ration? Is that something that you're noticing in particular? I understand bird flu and the demand issue in the near term, but...
Alberto Weisser: Oh, we see it very, very much. There's a dramatic change in what we call more commercial operations. So it used to be more of these backyard type of operations especially in the hog industry. This is dramatically changing that's why we are also investing in feed mills to attend to this additional market and that's why you also see this very high mill demand. It's 9% worse versus the meat consumption is increasing only at 3%. So there's quite a way to go as all these operations become more commercial. So these kind of outbreaks only make the trend even stronger. So these are, I think long -- mid-long-term are very positive trends continued to being -- for our industry.
Soren W. Schroder: I would agree with that.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then, I think you said that you felt like you were better positioned vis-à-vis the logistics. I guess "logjam" is the best word to use kind of coming out of Brazil. What are you doing in the next 1 to 3 years to improve your positioning there in terms of -- are you continuing to build out your grain storage capabilities? I mean, where do you -- when you look at your portfolio of assets in Brazil, in particular, where do you think you're a little bit weaker than you want to be, just in -- I'm just trying to get my head around kind of, do you think you need more port facilities, do you think you need more transportation assets, where do you see spending money on that in the future?
Alberto Weisser: Well we will have another new port coming into play at the end of this year, ready for -- in 2014 harvest in the North of Brazil, the northern corridor, not in the Amazon, but the northern corridor, and supplied partly by truck, partly by barges. It is the frontier of Brazil. And we are investing, continuing to invest in those growth regions in the right areas. The other part that we continue to invest in is really the transformation from the farm to the port and that means investing in trans-shipment facilities even increasing our reliance on rail, which is clearly the most efficient way of getting product from the interior to the ports. We've got long-term contracts. We'll continue to build on those. And overall, just focusing on really turning the equipment fast and with predictability. So Bunge will continue to invest in infrastructure in Brazil in a meaningful way and just keep optimizing our existing operations. Don't forget we already have 8 ports and running those as efficiently as possible is already a big thing.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, and I apologize, I missed the first part of your call. Did you gave out a CapEx number for this year?
Andrew J. Burke: No, we didn't, Diane. But I believe the guidance we've given is at the beginning of the year was $1.2 billion.
Operator: From Credit Suisse, we have Robert Moskow online.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I had a question about Argentina. I think you said in your prepared remarks that farmers weren't selling in Argentina and I wanted to know how long you think that will last. And then secondly, given cargo's results weren't so great. Would you argue that you had a competitive advantage in Brazil because of your logistics and your strong asset platform there in terms of getting beans out?
Alberto Weisser: I think in Argentina, we're starting to see some more farmer selling now as it moves more into the crop, and so that has picked up. But for a long -- for last few years, the Argentine farmer is a reluctant and slower seller, but eventually, that crop moves and we expect the same this year. But the pace has picked up somewhat on that. We think we have a first-class logistic system in Brazil. We think we're best in class, but we don't want to get into a detailed comparison of Cargill or any of the other competitors in particular.
Operator: From Cleveland Research, we have Christine McCracken online.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: I just have one quick follow-up. On your move to anhydrous and shifting that mix from hydrous, I was wondering if you could update us on kind of where you are, if those -- if that transition has kind of maxed out? And then in terms of your cogen capacity, when that's expected to come online?
Alberto Weisser: Anhydrous, all anhydrous production is 60% up versus last year and we will be producing everything we can. And cogen, if I'm not mistaken, we said it's 350 gigawatt hour the production of this year, also up 100 gigawatt hour versus last year. So that's on track to continue growing.
Operator: And we have time for one final question. From Bank of America, we have Ryan Oksenhendler online.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I guess, Drew, just going back to your comments in regards to your earlier answer. You'd asked -- I think you said you had the potential to hit your cost of capital this year. Was that just for Agribusiness or was that for the company in whole? And what is your cost of capital?
Andrew J. Burke: That would've been for the company as a whole and our cost of capital is about 7%.
Operator: Mr. Haden, I'll turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden: All right, great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us for this call. Talk to you next quarter.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer Soren W. Schroder - Chief Executive Officer of Bunge North America
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Ellen, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mark Haden, Investor Relations. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Ellen and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer; and Soren Schroder, CEO of Bunge North America. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. Let me start by addressing the news of our leadership transition, which we announced this morning and is effective on June 1. I will then provide some insight into our results. Drew will provide details on the notable items, the quarter and our outlook. And Soren will say a few words and we will transition to Q&A. This transition is a very positive step for Bunge. With Soren, we have a great leader who has built a track record of success in various roles within Bunge. He helped build our global marketing and trading unit, established our Agribusiness franchise in Europe and the Middle East, and since 2010, has led one of our largest operating companies, Bunge North America. In this role, he has overseen the full breadth of our oilseed and grain value chains. In addition, he has deep understanding of our industry, markets and customers. He lives on our business, having spent his entire professional life in it. For all of these reasons, he has my full confidence and that of the board. Soren's selection is the combination of a deliberate and thoughtful process. We have a robust and ongoing succession plan in process at Bunge for the CEO and other management positions. The board and I started working on this particular issue a couple of years ago and established a specific board committee last year to manage the final steps. As part of the process, we have allowed the time and resources to ensure a smooth transition. For the next 4 months, I will continue as CEO and Soren will focus on running Bunge North America. During that time, Soren will gain exposure to additional parts of the business and meet with employees around the world. As investors, you will see more of him as well. In the second half of the year, I will serve as Executive Chairman, and in this role, my priority will be ensuring that Soren has what he needs to succeed. I will be there to provide support, input and perspective. So in short, this is the right choice at the right time. That is true for Bunge and for me personally. 2013 is my 15th year as Chairman and CEO. That's a good number. It's right time for me to move on and to hand the reins to the next generation of leaders in our company. Now let me touch upon the quarter and the year. As mentioned, 2012 ended weaker than we expected, but looking at the full year, we had a record performance in Agribusiness and very solid results in Food & Ingredients. We believe both of these businesses are very well positioned for continued growth and positive returns. We are confident in the long-term potential of Sugar & Bioenergy as well. Clearly, this business is not producing the results we expect or demand. Poor weather conditions and low Brazilian ethanol margins continue to be a challenge. That said, we are making progress to realize the full earnings and returns potential of this business. Our primary goal is to lower unit production costs. Increasing capacity utilization is a big part. Last year, we reached our planting target of nearly 70,000 hectares, which should allow us to operate at full capacity in 2013. We are making operational improvements to lower costs as well. This include improving industrial planting and harvesting efficiency. Lastly, increases in yield of both cane and ATR, from the low levels seen today throughout the industry will also benefit margins. In fact, I would like to remind that in 2011 and 2012, these yields, both tons per hectare and ATR, were the lowest in the last 20 years. 2012 was also a year in which we improved our portfolio. We took the important strategic step of agreeing to sell our Brazilian fertilizer business for $750 million. We will continue to provide fertilizer to farmers as part of our grain origination program. This will be a streamlined activity with lower price risk that acts as a strong complement for Agribusiness operations. We also made important investments in key markets, including India, Mexico and Africa, among others. Looking to 2013, we see a robust Agribusiness environment. Demand remains strong and farmers are working hard to rebuild stocks. Forecasts call for record harvests in, and strong export flows from, South America. In this environment, we expect Bunge's asset network and team will provide compelling service to farmers and customers and produce strong results. We also expect a strong year in Food & Ingredients, building on the momentum of the latter half of 2012. As you saw, the fourth quarter also contains several notable accounting adjustments. Drew will tell you about them in more detail, but let me make 2 points. First, goodwill write-down in Sugar & Bioenergy is the result of our annual impairment test. It's a noncash and does not change in any way our positive view of this business or its potential. Second, the charges in Fertilizer are part of the divestiture of this business. We expect some offset later this year in addition to the cash gain when we close the transaction. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will provide greater detail on the quarter and our outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Alberto. Our results in the fourth quarter include noncash after-tax charges of $683 million. The major components of these charges are shown on Slide 3. Our Sugar & Bioenergy business, we have recorded an after-tax goodwill impairment charge of $327 million as a result of our annual goodwill impairment test according with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, which is based on the fair market value of the business on the test date. At the test date, the sugar industry was under pressure from the effects of adverse weather and low ethanol margins, and merger and acquisition activity was low, making it difficult to benchmark business values. Given that, it was prudent to conduct the Step 2 testing required by the accounting standard. That standard requires you to perform acquisition accounting based on the current fair value of your assets and liabilities. Replacement value of our assets has increased significantly, so the calculation resulted in the impairment of our goodwill. While the value of our agricultural and industrial assets has increased, we cannot recognize this increase in value of the assets for accounting purposes. We continue to believe in the future of our Sugar & Bioenergy business and our ability to create significant shareholder value. We have made the necessary investments in sugarcane planting to allow us to run the plants at full capacity. We continue to expand our production capabilities at our current facilities, increase our agricultural industrial productivity and invest in cogeneration. The recent policy and pricing moves in Brazil is supportive to our business, and we believe pricing will continue to strengthen. During the fourth quarter, we signed an agreement to sell our Fertilizer business to Yara for $750 million. Accordingly, the results of our Brazilian fertilizer operation are shown as discontinued operations and the assets of that business are classified as assets held for sale. In the fourth quarter, we recorded 2 charges related to this business. We recorded a valuation allowance of $266 million on the deferred tax assets related to our net operating loss carryforward, as our ability to use these losses is uncertain because of our exit from the retail industry in Brazil. We also recorded a $32 million after-tax provision against our long-term farmer account receivables balance, as we believe the sale of our business will negatively impact our ability to collect those amounts as many of these receivables are with farmers who grow crops that we do not handle in our Agribusiness operations. We expect the transaction to close in mid- to late 2013, and we expect to record a gain on the sale. During December 2012 and January 2013, we sold certain long-term tax and legal claims in Brazil for approximately $91 million in cash. And in relation to these sales, we recorded a loss in the fourth quarter of $73 million, and we will record a gain of approximately $60 million in the first quarter of 2013. Let's turn to Page 4. Total segment EBIT for the quarter is a loss of $414 million. When you add back the impact of certain gains and charges, total segment EBIT was a profit of $149 million versus a prior-year EBIT of $295 million. A complete list of the gains and charges is shown in the schedules attached to our press release. On a full-year basis, adjusted segment EBIT was $1.1 billion versus the prior year of $1.15 billion. Agribusiness recorded an adjusted quarterly EBIT of $134 million versus $199 million in the prior year. Volumes in the quarter were slightly lower, reflecting the drought's impact on North American grain volumes and South American oilseed processing volumes. For the full year, our volumes increased 13%, primarily reflecting higher grain export volumes from the Black Sea region and our new terminal in the Pacific Northwest. North American [indiscernible] processing had a strong quarter. These results were offset by lower oilseed processing results in our European soft seed and Asian businesses. Our grain trading and merchandising business benefited from export programs out of South America and Eastern Europe. Our North American Grains business performed slightly better than the prior year, but came in below our expectations due to lower export volumes and margins. In general, risk management performed below expectations in the quarter. On a full-year basis, Agribusiness reported a record adjusted EBIT of $1,038,000,000. Full year's results were driven by strong performance in our grain and merchandising business, as our full value chain approach worked well. Strong South American grain origination, coupled with a global distribution network, drew strong volumes and margins. Oilseed processing performed well in North and South America, while soft seed processing results in Europe were lower. Sugar & Bioenergy reported an adjusted EBIT loss of $49 million in the quarter versus the prior-year EBIT profit of $3 million. The loss reflects the continuing impact of the weather on total recoverable sugars and the fact that hydrous ethanol margins were negative in the quarter. Our sugar planting program for 2012 was successfully completed, and we plan to have sufficient cane available to crush at our full capacity in the 2013 crop year. Our productivity programs continues to achieve positive results, as shown by a 15% decline in our unit production costs during the fourth quarter. Results were also impacted by weakness on our trading and merchandising and North American ethanol businesses. On a full-year basis, our Sugar & Bioenergy business recorded an adjustment EBIT loss of $118 million. This reflects the impact of reduced total recoverable sugars on our revenues and costs, and depressed ethanol margins in our industrial business and low margins in our trading and merchandising business. We crushed approximately 17 million tons during the year versus our capacity of 21 million tons. As previously mentioned, we expect that sufficient cane available to crush at our 21 million-ton capacity next year. Our Food business reported an adjusted EBIT of $49 million. Within that result are provisions related to Brazil value-added taxes of $22 million. If you add that back, you come to a profit of 72 -- $71 million, which is in line with prior year and our expectations. Our edible oils and wheat milling businesses performed well in the quarter, while corn and rice milling results were below prior year. On a year-to-date basis, our Food & Ingredients business reported an adjusted EBIT of $166 million versus a prior year of $235 million. The shortfall was primarily due to low results in Brazil in the first half of the year related to challenges within ERP system implementation that resulted in lost sales opportunities. Those issues are behind us and those businesses performed better in the second half. Our adjusted earnings per share for the quarter was $0.57 versus $1.80 in the prior year. On a full year basis, adjusted earnings per share was $4.62 versus $5.96 in the prior year. Let's turn to Page 5 and the cash flow summary. Our cash flow provided by operating activities in the quarter was $2.4 billion, comprised of funds from operations of $161 million and an inflow of $2.3 billion from changes in operating assets and liabilities. Funds from operations are primarily comprised of our net income, excluding the noncash charges, and depreciation and amortization. The change in operating assets and liabilities primarily reflects lower inventory levels and commodity prices. On a full-year basis, cash used by operating activities was $455 million, comprised of an inflow of $1.1 billion from funds from operations, offset by an outflow of $1.6 billion from changes in operating assets and liabilities. The increase in operating assets and liabilities is mainly due to the increasing commodity prices between year end 2011 and 2012. Our capital spending for 2012 was $1.1 billion and in line with our plan. Let's turn to Page 6 and the balance sheet. Our balance sheet and available liquidity remains strong. The working capital increase primarily reflects an increase in inventories due to higher commodity prices. The higher debt levels are primarily due to the higher working capital balances. At December 31, we had $3.4 billion of liquidity available under our committed credit facilities. Let's turn to Page 7 and the outlook for 2013. We expect a stronger performance in 2013. In Agribusiness, the market is anticipating record crops in South America, and they are needed to rebuild global supplies. Our strong position in these markets, particularly our logistic import networks, will allow us to source increased volumes and distribute them through our global network. The main South American export season will be from March to September. After that time, new crop will become available in North America and Europe and trade is expected to shift to these regions. As the new crop is harvested, we expect good South American oilseed processing volumes and margins. Both domestic and export demand should be strong. Near-term margins in North American are good, but they will weaken as oilseed supplies decline and the South American harvest commences. We expect stronger margins, again, in the latter part of the year, with the arrival of the new crop. In Europe, margins are mixed. Rapeseed margins have improved while sunseed margins have weakened. Asia margins improved towards year end and demand for meal is strong. Please turn to Page 8. In Sugar & Bioenergy, we expect to see significant improvement. Our 2012 planting program was successful, and we are now in a position to operate our plants at their full capacity of 21 million metric tons of cane. Our productivity improvement programs are yielding positive results, and we should see a further 15% reduction on our unit costs in 2013, and we expect to see continued productivity improvements into 2014. We also expect that total recoverable sugar in the cane to move back towards historical norms. This would have a positive impact on both revenues and costs. The remaining headwind is the ethanol price and its impact on margins. On this front, we are encouraged by the recent developments in the Brazilian ethanol market. The blend rate of anhydrous ethanol into gasoline will increase from 20% to 25% on May 1. This should increase demand for a profitable product, and we have taken the necessary steps to be able to supply higher quantities. Additionally, the gasoline price in Brazil has increased approximately 6%. This results in increased ethanol prices and is a move towards bringing Brazilian gasoline prices in line with global gasoline prices. Given the above, we expect our Sugar & Bioenergy business to be solidly profitable in 2013. However, to achieve our target of $8 to $10 EBIT per ton of cane crushed, we need to see prices increase to levels that reflect global gasoline parity on ethanol. To summarize, we are continuing to accomplish the actions that are under our control. We are planting sufficient cane or have planted sufficient cane, to operate at capacity. We're moving towards higher value products. We're increasing our productivity, and we're adding cogeneration capacity. Carrying these improvements through to 2014, along with the 10% to 15% increase in ethanol pricing, should enable us to achieve our financial targets. We would also like to note that the sugarcane milling business is seasonal and the profits will be weighted toward the second half of the year. In Food & Ingredients, we expect the performance in the second half of 2012 to carry into 2013. Our underlying edible oils and milling businesses should perform well, with increased contribution from our wheat milling acquisition in Mexico and our edible oils acquisition in India. We will be starting up a new multi-oil refining facility in India and a new refining and packaging facility in Alabama. We will be also be starting up our new crushing and refining facility in Altona, Canada, which will benefit both our Food and Agribusiness operations. We will have continuing operations in Fertilizer, comprised of our Argentine fertilizer business, our port operation in Brazil and our Moroccan joint venture. We expect these businesses to be profitable. Turning to Page 9, we would like to note that we expect 2013 depreciation, depletion and amortization to be $575 million, our full-year tax rate to be between 17% and 20%, and capital expenditures of $1.2 billion. I would now like to turn the call over to Soren for a few words.
Soren W. Schroder: Thank you, Drew. Alberto summed it up well. We're optimistic about our performance going forward, and he and I are committed to working together for a smooth transition. It's truly an honor to be selected as the next CEO of Bunge, and I approach the job with great humility and optimism. The future is bright, and we have a lot of work to do. Fortunately, I'll have the benefit of an outstanding global management team and the dedication of 35,000 Bunge employees around the world. Following Alberto requires stepping into big shoes and is also a great opportunity. His 20 years at Bunge, first as CFO and as Chairman and CEO, has literally transformed the company. When he started, Bunge was a regional conglomerate. And today, we are a leading, global, focused ag and food company with an unique culture and an approach that Alberto fostered. This was no small feat. It required vision, determination, judgment and great leadership, all of which Alberto has in quantity. It was the reason why I was attracted to Bunge when I joined 13 years ago. So we stand on a solid foundation with an excellent team, leading positions in key markets and a strong financial situation. I look forward to building on that foundation and guiding Bunge to its next era of growth and success. So Mark, with that, will you take us through the Q&A?
Mark Haden: Yes, Ellen, could you please open the phones to questions?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Could we talk about, I guess, what happened in the quarter in Agribusiness, just starting on the oilseed side, on the processing side? You stated in the prepared remarks that North America, South America were offset by lower Asia and Europe processing results. Now when I look at your capacity, North America and South America dwarfed Asia and Europe and when I look at the margins in North America particularly, you had $0.80 crush margins versus $0.40 a year ago. You had the highest utilization rates in years. What happened there that the profitability wasn't that much better?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that Europe and Asia is relevant. It's probably around 40% of our processing capacity now. We have been expanding it, and we had particular issues in 1 or 2 areas. And in rapeseeds, we had some issues, especially in Germany, and also on sunseeds in Eastern Europe. And China was tough. At the end of the quarter, it improved, but overall, the comparison versus last year, versus '11, was negative. And in South America, obviously, it's the end of the season, so it's comparable to the way we performed in '11. So in North America, we have more or less 35% of our processing is North America. That was not enough to make the big jump that we needed.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then on the risk management side, where you said the strategy there were not as profitable as expected, could you be a little more specific? Was it something to do with logistics, with the Mississippi? Were you buying beans, I guess, over the summer before you saw the crop come in bigger than expected? Can you give us a little bit more detail around that and whether or not any of those issues will impact or flow into the first half of the year?
Alberto Weisser: Look, first of all, what happened in the fourth quarter stays in the fourth quarter. So it was a reasonable quarter, but it was not as good as we hoped. Let's not forget it was a record year in Agribusiness. Now what did not work so well for us was that we, similar to what we did in South America, we geared up ourselves for a very tight situation, very tight markets in North America that ended up not being so tight. So we probably had more inventory and more positioning that do not -- did not work so well, so -- but that's part of our business. I feel very good about it, the way we have performed, a record year, and from time to time, we will not get it perfectly and has absolutely nothing to do with '13. '13 we look at extremely positive.
Operator: The next question comes from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So [indiscernible], how much was the risk management loss?
Alberto Weisser: It was not a loss. It was -- obviously, we have a very large infrastructure, and we have a lot of costs, but we did not generate the margins that we expected to generate.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Could you put some context on what you would have generated if you were on the -- give us some context to it.
Alberto Weisser: It's very difficult to say. We thought it would be a much stronger one. I think also in addition, we probably had a little bit more trouble with the grain business. We have to remember that the farmers -- as prices started to come down, farmers were more reluctant sellers so margins was squeezed as well. There were also some logistic issues. So not everything worked that well.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay, and then can you talk about the outlook for each of the regions on the crush margins? Like which -- where do you think that there'll be the greatest improvement in margins throughout the year? And where would you think that there might be a little bit more risk in the margin structure going forward?
Alberto Weisser: We believe that we will see an improvement. The South American crush margins should be very strong. We are looking at a very, very large crop, and we think we are very well positioned. We also expect a very strong fourth quarter this year in the Northern Hemisphere. We believe that we will see a better soft seed crop in Europe. So overall, we look at a positive environment. The first quarter will be a little bit softer because obviously, it's the end of the North American season and at the same time, we also see improvement in the processing margins in Asia.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then in terms of the Sugar business, what exactly are we rooting for in terms of -- do we want a big crop so we have a lot of volume or do you want a smaller crop so you actually have higher prices? And if you can kind of do that, and I don't know if, Soren, you want to actually comment on your position on the Sugar business, not that it [indiscernible] clear, but what your position is over time. It seems like this business is abundantly struggling every year.
Alberto Weisser: I would not see it like that, Ken, because you have to remember a couple of things. First, let's deal with what we can deal with internally, and that is, get the costs right. So we have reduced in '12, the costs already, the unit cost by 15%. This year, we will reduce it another 15%, next year, in '14, something 5% to 10%. So we can -- more than half of the issues we have to get to our targets, we can solve it internally. If you have 2 years in a row, '11, '12, with the lowest yields in tons per hectare and sugar content in 20 years, it's very tough to get the volumes through your plants. And therefore, we can't utilize our capacity. So in addition, just think about if we run at capacity, we are talking about 3 to 4 million tons more processing of sugarcane. At a contribution of 40 million tons, it gives you an idea. It is not possible to make money in an environment when you are not running close to capacity. So we have to see this year. This year will be key and obviously, we're optimistic. Having said that, it is obviously also important that prices are right. So we know that the, as Drew mentioned, ethanol prices are below what they need to be, especially hydrous. We have increased our anhydrous production this year by 60%, so nearly half of our ethanol will be anhydrous. That's profitable. Sugar also needs to be a little bit higher, so that is why we have this excess production, especially adding from Asia and we should -- we expect that during the year, we should slowly seeing a reduction in inventory. And therefore, prices should also come up in sugar. Therefore, we need a more -- when you look at it all -- when you put it all together, we will get to our target margins mostly by reducing our own cost, but we do need some 15% higher prices in ethanol. Soren, do you want to add one comment?
Soren W. Schroder: I'm optimistic about 2013. I confirm what you said. It's the first year, really, in the last 2 or 3, but we have a chance to prove that our asset footprint in Brazil, with a good crop, can yield results. And several factors are moving in the right direction.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Want to touch on a few points. You've already commented a little bit on this, but Alberto, first, you said, maybe I take a little bit of an issue with your comment that you felt the quarter was reasonable. Given the setup for the quarter and even given your comments back in October, then I feel like this quarter was a flat-out disappointment relative to the Bunge that I've known since you came public. And the risk management here seems to be the issue. I agree with your comment on the full-year basis that it did well, but looking at ADMs and cargo results, I mean, the results from Bunge today are much, much weaker in Agribusiness than anything we would have thought. And again, just going back to your own comments in October, I don't -- it doesn't seem to me like it's reasonable to point at crushing margins in other regions, that it's got to be risk management that was the culprit. I'd like you to make a comment on that one and then critically, just talk about how that then affects 2013, because so many people who invest in your stock, they get so worried about this risk management issue and that from one quarter to the next, people have a hard time having any visibility on it. So I really think you need to provide some comfort and context around what this means for '13.
Alberto Weisser: First, perhaps the comment about crushing was not precise from my side. On OPD, on oilseed processing, we did better in '12 than we did in '11. So I was just qualifying that we did not do much better, because we have large footprint in Asia and South America didn't contribute much, and we had some issues in Europe. But overall, oilseed processing was better. Areas where we did not do well, and I agree with you, Dave, it was not a good quarter in Agribusiness. It was in grains in North America, because of the issues of the crop, but also in risk management. Now having said that, I'm very, very proud and very comfortable with the way we approach it. And our risk management has shown over the years, over the last 6 years, it is rock solid. Now you can't get it always right. There are so many moving pieces. We are talking with weather. We are talking about all kind of different things. We got it absolutely right in South America. So when you look at, on average on the year, we did well. It was a record year. Quarter, okay, I'm also upset. It was not what it was supposed to be.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then can you make that comment, though, about 2013, the implications from the fourth quarter rolling into '13? Do you have visibility that your risk management strategies are going to already, right now here in February, they are already back on track and producing the results that we would otherwise expect from the very tight crop environment?
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely. I think this issue was more related with the month of October and I feel very, very comfortable. This is, in the quarter stays in the quarter. I think the way we are looking at 2013, as we said it in different ways, we look at it very optimistically.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One more question, if I may, very important. Drew, can you comment on your ability to achieve your cost of capital in 2013 given the environment that you've laid it out for us? That's always helpful and you've often in the past made those comments. Can you update us?
Andrew J. Burke: I would be happy to, Dave. I think when you look at our agriculture -- Agribusiness and Foods and look at those 2, we'll be above cost of capital. I think yet in '13, Sugar will not be at a point where it's above cost of capital. And that will probably take out to 2015 to get there at our current projections. So we see a steady ramp-up towards cost of capital for Sugar, but not yet in '13.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But given the size of Sugar versus all the other 2 businesses, it would sound to me like then the whole, entire business is right there, right at cost of capital.
Andrew J. Burke: It's right around cost of capital.
Operator: The next question comes from Diane Geissler with CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask on Sugar and your comments about to reach your normalized range of $8 to $10 a ton, you merely needed to see a little bit more pricing coming from the gasoline market, and I'm assuming that's the ethanol market. Can you talk a little bit about, if prices sort of stay where they are today, and I appreciate we'll see an increase in blend rates in May, but if things sort of stayed where they are today, where do you think that margin would come out for 2013 based on your expectations of 21 million metric tons? And then also on the Sugar business, could you comment a little bit about your expectations? You replanted a lot this past year and the year before. So agronomically, what are you doing with your current acreage base and are you increasing that for 2014? I'm just trying to get an idea of where that business goes from a volume perspective over the next couple of years.
Alberto Weisser: Okay. In terms of what we need, in terms of pricing, today, hydrous ethanol, which is half of the ethanol we sell, is negative. So what we need is that the gasoline prices in Brazil go up. They don't need to go all the way to international parity. But they need to probably go up something like 15% to 20% hydrous. Anhydrous is okay. Obviously, cogeneration is okay and sugar prices need to be a little bit higher as we expect them to go -- to get to our target margins. But the real issue is hydrous margin. And what we are doing is, obviously, all what we can to reduce our unit cost, and we mentioned 15% last year, 15% this year and 5% to 10% next year. So more than half of the problem we will solve ourselves, but we will need to get to the target margins. We need an uplift from the gasoline prices and therefore, also the hydrous ethanol prices. Now what is happening is that, in Brazil, is that the industry is shifting to -- sugar is shifting to anhydrous and exporting. Brazil exported 3 billion liters last year. So who is taking the burden of solving the problem in Brazil is Petrobras. You have been seeing the kind of losses they are taking because as the millers are not producing more hydrous ethanol and there's less and less, Petrobras has to import more and more gasoline. And they are losing probably something like $0.20 per liter on each of these transactions. So I think it is very clear to the Brazilian government now that it is in the interest of Petrobras, of the country, that we need higher prices to solve this gap. Brazil probably needs something like 20 billion to 30 billion liters until 2020, and that is going to be served, either through hydrous and anhydrous ethanol, or it will be import gasoline. So the situation is pretty clear of which direction to go. And we see very clear signs that the government is going in the direction of allowing the prices to go up. So we are reasonably optimistic. This change with a mandate to May 1 to anhydrous, the increase in gasoline prices, are all indications already. Regarding the planting is the heavy lifting is done. So with the 70,000 hectares that we planted in '12, the catch-up is done. So we will obviously have to continue improving it. So this year's program is 60,000 hectares planting. So we will need to invest less money in '13. What we want to do is always have something like 10% more than what we need in case of weather issues that normally happen. So from now on, the increase in planting will be in line with our expansions of our mills. So we have learned our lesson. We will do first the planting and then expand the mills.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, so just on the normalized margin then on a per-ton basis, if you don't get the pricing this year, where -- how much below the low end of the normalized range do you think you might be?
Alberto Weisser: Drew, come to the rescue.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Diane, we've gone through this the last couple of years, and we learned that there's a lot of variability in that number depending on weather and what happens in the pricing environment. We will have a very clear, or not a very clear, but a much clearer view on the crop and the quality of the crop as far as the sugar content, in the spring, when we start to run the plants again, and I think we would want to wait to that time before we would give a precise estimate, I think what we would say today is we do expect to be profitable, but we won't get to the $8 a ton.
Alberto Weisser: Diane, also for the first time, we can say the weather has been right for the last couple of months. So after so many -- now, we had probably 24 months where everything was wrong. The last 6 months have been -- the weather has been right.
Operator: Our next question is from Ann Duignan with JPMorgan.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you address the logistics and port issues that you might anticipate given the record crop we anticipate in Brazil and other regions? Is there any risk that we have a record crop, but we can't get it to market?
Alberto Weisser: I think there will be issues. The crop is going to be a record crop. And we believe there will be issues, both in ports and on the rails, but also especially in the inland logistic, and will create some issues. But let me tell you, we feel quite strong the way we have positioned ourselves. Remember that Bunge, we have an origination program and logistics program and merchandising program that is larger than the second and third competitors combined. And we have done a lot. In ports, we operate 11 terminals in 8 ports. We have made -- prepared ourself for this year with expansion in storage, inland storage. We have worked very hard to improve efficiencies in the ports. We hope we have the right contracts. I think this is a little bit of a situation that will be trouble and unfortunately, who pays for the trouble? Normally is the farmer. But it's also a question of how well you are prepared vis–à–vis the rest of the industry. And we have focused all our attentions to get it right.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: If you had to rank trucking, rail or port, rank order where you see the biggest risks, would it be on the trucking side, just getting the crop to the port, or do you think bigger risk is actually getting the crop out of the ports?
Alberto Weisser: Trucking is the biggest risk. That's also one of the reasons we have expanded our storage, which means that first we want to get it to the storage and let the peak freight rates of the harvest pass, and then at lower rates, move it to the ports.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then as a follow-up, could you address -- you noted that you had some problems with rapeseed in Germany. Is that related to the European Union's change in biofuel standards or was it just a once-off? If you could just give us some...
Alberto Weisser: No, it is much more a localized issue. Size of crop, margins, it is -- that was the issue. It's much more localized, competition.
Ann P. Duignan - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And do you expect that to improve going forward or is that something that will overhang...
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we expect '13 to be better, both in sunseeds and in rapeseed. The whole soft seed sector should be better in Europe.
Operator: The next question is from Tim Tiberio with Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Last quarter, Alberto, you had stated that you didn't think that low palm oil prices would have much of an impact across the overall oilseed complex. I'm just wondering, based on your comments around some of the underperformance in Asia, whether that kind of developed the opposite direction over the last few months. Is that some of the problem there or is there something else going on that we should be aware of?
Alberto Weisser: The issue in Asia is that we have excess capacity, processing capacity in China. So the margins have been tight. We have -- that was the issue in the fourth quarter. So we have, in previous quarters, we have sailed relatively well through it because of our extremely well-located plants and rightsize and low cost, but we were not immune in the fourth quarter. Now margins have improved at the end of the quarter. But it's not related to palm oil. It's really a competition, overcapacity situation in China.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And as far as, I guess, corn supply right now in Brazil, how is that looking, towards the end of the current season? Is availability really tightening up from your perspective?
Alberto Weisser: We are in the middle of the crop and soon, we will have the softening [ph] of the winter crop. So I think we are going to see very large, a very, very large harvest in South America, especially in Brazil.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Moskow with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I did want to ask you, though, about your comment on risk management. You said that over the last 6 years, you think risk management's been rock solid. We tend to put a lot of focus on the missteps more than the successes, and I just wanted to know what kind of process do you have internally to kind of go back and see the decisions that were made, what was the rationale for making them? And then maybe comparing versus your peers, over those 6 years, here's how we did versus our peers.
Alberto Weisser: I feel very, very comfortable, Rob, how we compare vis–à–vis the competition. And now, you have to look at it always on an annual basis because there are so many moving parts. These are millions and millions of contracts. There are millions of tons that are moved. And all the time, things change. Look, I think we all came in, including the USDA, with a view of how the harvest would be, but we were surprised how much better it was, especially in soybeans, than we thought it would be. So I think we have an extremely robust process internally of how we do this and how we look at it, very strong research, very -- a lot of significant -- this is extremely institutionalized. We are nearly 200 years old, and we have been doing this for a long period of time. So I feel very strong about it. When you look at our volatility of our earnings in Agribusiness in over the last 6 years, it is not a lot. So you have sometimes quarters where you don't get it exactly right. But I feel very good about it the whole year and I feel also very good about the whole team. Now have we made a mistake? Yes. Have we learned from it? Yes. Are we going to come stronger out of it? Yes. So I hate to see the way we did it in the fourth quarter, but I feel very good about next year, about -- I mean, about '13.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I appreciate the comments. And just a question on the balance sheet. Debt levels are over $1 billion higher than they were last year. I imagine that's partly due to readily marketable inventories being higher as well. Can we expect 2013, all else being equal, to be a positive cash flow year?
Andrew J. Burke: The tricky part of your question, Rob, is all other things being equal. If all other things are being equal, we'll have a little bit of business growth. So some of our balances would go up, but I would think our earnings growth would offset it. So I think your comment is fair. The problem is we're very influenced both by what commodity prices are and what the structure of pricing is in the commodity market, how much of a carry or an inverse you may have in the market. But if we assume that's all the same, I think your comment is very fair that it would be positive. And that's what we plan for. We plan for, actually, for neutral cash flow after investing.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Drew, the cash would go towards debt reduction, the excess cash, if there is some?
Andrew J. Burke: If it's the case of us freeing up working capital, that's what we do with it, yes. And separately, we look at new investments we want to make, but it is not driven by changes in commodity prices, and those shifts in working capital levels and debt levels, how much we feel we have for investment, will be determined based on our long-term outlook for cash flows and our overall balance sheet position.
Operator: The next question is from Giovana Araujo from Itaú BBA.
Giovana Araujo - Itaú Corretora de Valores S.A., Research Division: My first question was about logistics. Alberto already addressed it perfectly well. So my second question is about risk management. And so basically, I would like -- if you can comment, Alberto, how challenging is to do the risk management if the market's more on a spot basis, and how challenging is it to do the risk management in a market that is no longer in a carry situation?
Alberto Weisser: I would say in the spot market, there is no risk management, but -- because you buy and sell. But overall, it doesn't matter if it's in a carry or inverse. Risk management, that's exactly the science to manage it correctly so that we serve our customers right, let the volumes continue growing and make money. That's exactly what we know how to do. So we don't mind if it is -- how the structure is of the futures. And also, if it's a large crop or short crop. Obviously, you saw we got it right in the South American crop. We didn't get it so right in the Northern Hemisphere crop. But in the year, we did very well, it was a record year.
Operator: That is all the time we have for questions today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mark Haden for closing marks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Ellen, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the Fourth Quarter 2012 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Cornell Burnette Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2012 Bunge Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Kim, and thank you, everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited's Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website, bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. We had a good third quarter. Agribusiness results were solid, and I'm especially pleased because it was a very balanced performance, with contributions from all geographies in all product lines. We now have 6 years of strong growing consistent performance in Agribusiness as a consequence of our approach to growth, which has focused on expanding in 3 areas: geographies, portfolios and value chains. This approach is one that has made the business balanced and resilient through changing conditions and difficult market environments. I'm also pleased that Food & Ingredients and Fertilizer showed improved performance from the challenging first half of the year, and results in Sugar & Bioenergy, on a comparable basis, were higher than last year, but below the potential of this business. Our continued sugarcane planting and other cost reduction efforts, which will result in increased sales volume and lower unit cost, will help us realize this potential. We are making steady progress and remain optimistic for a strong performance in the 2013 crop year. Regarding the continuing effects of the U.S. drought, the current market environment has been and will continue to be volatile and complex for everyone who participates in our industry, including farmers, processors and the livestock industry. Stocks of corn and soybeans are tight, and as a result, the world is adjusting to typical trade flows. Bunge's role is to help farmers and customers manage through this environment by providing market access for crops and delivering the right products when and where they are needed. We have the core strength, geographic balance, a diverse product portfolio, an experienced team and a strong balance sheet that will enable us to fulfill this role effectively and profitably. The world needs record crops to rebuild stocks, and today's high prices are sending a strong signal to farmers, especially in South America, to plant. Early indications are that soybean production will be at record levels. And as new crops are harvested, we should see a more balanced supply/demand situation, which will be good for consumers and for the market overall. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will take you through the quarter and our outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Alberto. Let's turn to Page 3 and our earnings highlights. Our total segment EBIT for the quarter was $441 million versus $191 million in the prior year. This result was driven by a strong performance in Agribusiness with the third quarter EBIT of $406 million versus the prior year of $149 million. Earnings were strong across all geographies in both our oilseed processing and merchandising businesses. Oilseed processing results were good in all regions, with significant year-on-year improvement in North America, Europe and Asia. Grain origination results were particularly strong in South America, and our distribution business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa performed well. Our Agribusiness volumes continue to show growth with a 15% increase over the prior year quarter to 35.8 million tons. On a year-to-date basis, volumes have grown 19% to 101 million tons. This growth has been primarily driven by our investments in North American grain handling and port assets and our European origination and distribution businesses. Our Sugar & Bioenergy business recorded a loss of $47 million in the quarter. This amount includes an impairment charge of $39 million related to a U.S. corn ethanol joint venture. Without this charge, the business recorded a loss of $8 million as a profit in our industrial business was offset by a loss in our merchandising business, where we didn't generate sufficient gross margin to cover our operating costs. Both of these businesses performed better than the prior year. Our continued focus on increasing capacity and utilization and reducing costs is producing results. According to UNICA, the Brazilian sugar association, mills in the center-south have seen a reduction in cane milling volume of 8% through September 30. By contrast, the Bunge mills have increased their production by 13%. We remain on target to crush between 17 million and 18 million tons this year. Our results in the third quarter were negatively impacted by lower sales volumes caused by port congestion and by the continued impact of this year's crop low level of ATR. ATR is the total recoverable sugar in the cane. The reduced ATR results in reduced production output and increased unit costs. Our Food & Ingredients business had a quarterly profit of $59 million. This is higher than the prior year result of $52 million. Last year included a $6 million gain on the sale of a facility. Both our Edible Oil and Milling businesses performed at a higher level than the prior year. Our Fertilizer business earned $23 million in the quarter versus a prior year of $33 million. The reduction was due to lower margins in our Brazilian business. Our net income in the quarter was $297 million, excluding the impairment charge on the ethanol joint venture. It was $322 million versus a comparable prior year number of $134 million. Earnings per share, excluding certain charges, was $2.08 in 2012 versus $0.86 in 2011. On a year-to-date basis, our earnings per share, excluding certain charges was $3.99 versus a prior year amount of $4.15. Let's turn to Page 4 and the cash flow statement. Funds from operation generated $950 million of cash flow. Our working capital usage has increased substantially. 2012 has been a year of high and increasing commodity prices. In such an environment, our work -- our operating working capital naturally increases as the higher prices are reflecting in our inventory and accounts receivable balances particularly in Agribusiness. This is reflected in the cash outflow of $3.8 billion to fund operating assets and liabilities. In such an environment, we focus on ensuring that we receive an adequate return on the higher level of working capital investment. Our Agribusiness performance in the quarter demonstrates our ability to generate the necessary returns. We also take steps to ensure that we maintain sufficient liquidity to conduct business at the level we deem appropriate. We have been able to do this throughout the year and have $3.1 billion of committed and available credit at September 30. Let's turn to Page 5 and our balance sheet. Our September 30 operating working capital was $9.5 billion of which inventories represented $8.1 billion. As noted earlier, this represents a significant increase from December 31. Our debt levels have increased to fund these higher levels of working capital. Let's turn to Page 6 and the outlook. The business environment for Agribusiness remains positive for the remainder of 2012 and into 2013. With tight global supplies, our ability to source product from diverse geographies and supply the necessary logistics and risk management expertise will be essential. Soybean inventories in South America are diminishing. The U.S. is becoming the main supplier of beans, meal and oil to domestic and export markets. While the drought has reduced the size of the North American crop, there will be adequate supplies to fulfill this role into early next year. Processing margins are expected to be good. Once the U.S. crop is reduced, South America will have to become the primary supplier. Farmer economics have been good, and they have responded by planting large crops which are expected to be record in size. With our network and scale in the region, we are well-positioned to handle and process this crop. In Europe, Oilseed Processing margins are strong, and they are improving in Asia. Considering the tight supply environment, global grain demand will continue to met by a variety of products from different geographies. With our global network of ports and elevators, our grain merchandising operations should continue to perform well. Our capability to quickly react and move crop from where it is produced to where it is needed will be critical. Turning to Page 7. We expect our Sugar & Bioenergy business to continue to improve in the fourth quarter, but will be faced with the continuation of lower recoverable sugar in the cane and margin pressure if ethanol prices do not increase from third quarter ending levels. As we look forward to the next crop year, we are optimistic. We're on pace of plan at 73,000 hectares of cane, which should allow us to produce at or near our full production capacity of 21 million metric tons versus the 17 million to 18 million tons we expect to crush this year. Additionally, the total recoverable sugar in the cane should recover to closer to historical norms. If this happens, we will be able to produce approximately 20% more sugar and ethanol combined. As this is a high fixed cost business, the additional production adds significantly to profits. Our Food business had a strong third quarter, and we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter of 2012 and into 2013. Fertilizer is in a seasonally strong period in South America. Large crops are being planted, and farm economics are strong. This favorable environment is tempered by tough competitive pressures in certain markets. Overall, we expect a solid finish to the year and a strong 2013. We will now open for questions. Kim?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on this port -- continued port congestion issue, it's been a problem getting fertilizer in and sugar out. I'm just wondering, with all of the disruption and congestion already and then some of the damage that's been done to some of the ports, how are you going to move this record crop out of South America? It's already a problem when we're dealing with smaller issues.
Alberto Weisser: I would say that this year was unusual because we had these 2-month strike of many federal agencies that only made it worse. So we had planned for a certain behavior. But the strike made it really worse. So as we look into the new crop, I'm sure there will be some issues. But at the same time there are more and more new avenues of exports. So especially, there's more of the products flowing north through the rivers of the Amazon out and through Victoria through San Francisco do Sul. I think there will be an issue, but assuming that there is no strike from any agencies, we should see a logistic flow that is okay.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And isn't there a strike every year, though? It seems like, at least, over the past several years, it seems like we've had one? Is it just longer?
Alberto Weisser: This one especially unfortunate because it was in the high season of fertilizer, the high season of the sugar movement. So I hope there's none when we export soybeans and corn next year.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think, Christine, it's going to be difficult on the industry and the country to move all the product. Brazil is, as you said, is subject to congestion. I think you hear our confidence because we have a pretty good interior network, as well as a network at the port. So we have not only the logistic channels that we can rely on to move the product, we also have pretty good storage if we have to hold product a for a little while. So I think when we look at our overall system, we think we've prepared well to handle it. But as a country and an industry, there's no doubt there'll be some difficulties.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just one follow-up, on ethanol they've been exporting quite a bit of ethanol out of Brazil into the U.S. I'm curious if now that the government looks like they're going to move that blend back up to 25% in the spring, if that changes in your view.
Alberto Weisser: Overall, the prices for hydrous ethanol worse than the anhydrous. So the changing of the blend will be positive. Now the exports also anhydrous, so what will happen is whatever -- wherever the price is more attractive, I think everybody will start shifting more from hydros to anhydrous. So if the export market is more attractive, you will see more export, and if -- with a blend. If the domestic one is more interesting, we will see more local sales. So the good news is this -- both of them are positive.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I know you don't want to give guidance, but can you just sort of talk about the level of performance particularly in Agribusiness this quarter? And as a lookout over the next few quarters, is this about what we should expect within sort of a normal range of sensitivity for your business?
Andrew J. Burke: Vincent, as you said, we don't give guidance. I think what we would say is as we look out the next 6, 9 months, which is where we have the most visibility, we do see a very good macro environment for Agribusiness. As we said, it will shift from market to market and probably will move earlier in the next year from North America into South America then it's typical because North America's going to add a short crop, and it's really going to have to step up here in the fourth quarter and the first quarter to handle the shipments. So when we look at the overall environment for Agribusiness, it feels very good, and we expect Agribusiness to continue to perform well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And you're not seeing anything on the demand side because of the high prices in any of the markets that's, at all, concerning?
Andrew J. Burke: No. I think we factored it all to into our plans. I -- You know as well as we do that there's been a little bit of a decline in meat production in the U.S. over the last months. But that seems to have flatten out a bit, and the demand out of Asia remains pretty strong. So overall, we don't see a big shift in demand, unless there something happens in the macro environment that would change the situation dramatically. But right now, demand seems to be reasonable and to be continuing.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just last question, on the volume increase, particularly maybe the port and some of the new infrastructures, is there anything different about sort of the unit economics or the margin opportunity with the port asset relative to a grain elevator sort of what we consider to be sort of your core business? In other words, is it a higher-margin sale? Is it -- are those margins less variable? Is there anything we should know about this volume growth that you're bringing online?
Andrew J. Burke: No. I think the 2 -- the biggest one coming online now is the PNW terminal in the West Coast in the United States. And that comes with both grain origination business in the interior, and it comes with port elevation. So you have 2 sources of income, you get the origination margin and you get the elevation margin. But I wouldn't say there's anything special about that. And you've had the same kind of development in Eastern Europe where we now have the port of Nikolayev and are doing more origination in the country. So I wouldn't say there's anything special, but it gives us a chance to provide a full chain worth of services and make money across the chain.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you get to double-dip on the same bushel basically?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. But if I understood your question correctly, obviously on merchandising, the whole origination, elevation merchandising, the margin per ton is slightly lower than processing because you also have less investment in assets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montréal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In terms of the quarter on the Agribusiness side, can you talk about what the key drivers and kind of -- I know you won't quantify exactly, but kind of at least rank or give us a little idea of what were the key drivers. Was it with the crush margins in the U.S; that you had good ownership of soybeans in South America; that you had exports out of South America? Can you just kind of give us at least a qualitative -- if can you give us quantitative, that would be fantastic. But what can you tell us a little bit more about this quarter?
Alberto Weisser: It really was an excellent quarter in the sense that every region and every product line performed well. So we had good performance in South America with processing and origination. We had good improvement in margins in the Northern Hemisphere. So North America, Europe performed well. So it was everywhere. It is not one silver bullet. It was -- everything was doing -- was performing well, the merchandising business, distribution, origination. So I'm sorry to tell you, there's not one answer, it's many. So I think that's also the power of what we have built over the last many years, that it is very well-balanced.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Did you have -- did you participate in the corn exports out of Brazil? Was that a big part of it?
Alberto Weisser: Very important component, yes. We're a large player in that.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And how long did that continue through?
Alberto Weisser: It's ongoing.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So that should continue into this quarter that we're in right now? [indiscernible]
Alberto Weisser: Yes, and -- yes, that's correct.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And then the ownership of your soybeans in South America, are they kind of dwindling down and now it's really going to be a U.S. crush margin environment in terms of going for the next quarter?
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely. And now -- the next 2 quarters is mainly the Northern Hemisphere. It starts in Northern Brazil, the harvest in early January, but the volume of the business now is the Northern Hemisphere. We are processing what was harvested, both in North America and Europe.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: How long will the North -- can you give us a relative idea of like historically, how long do you get the good crushing margins out of North America, and how much do you expect it to be this year?
Alberto Weisser: It's all about the -- the issue is going to be the demand. We are surprised how strong the demand from the meat sector is. But obviously, the supply is tight. So the question mark is going to be how -- at the end of the first quarter, where is the demand going to be?
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then are you going to sell the Fertilizer business?
Alberto Weisser: We don't comment on these kind of things.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And my last question is gross profit. Can you talk about gross profit dollars on merchandising business? How it's actually trended for the last couple of years, and have you -- do you think that you've actually reached more of a steady state at this higher level?
Andrew J. Burke: I think the overall answer to your question is yes, Ken. We've continued to expand the volumes we've done, and we've got a network that can produce good margins. I would also, though, just add that it's never straight line in Agribusiness, as you know. So you always get a little bit volatility quarter-to-quarter and where the margin is in the train. But I think we've continued to expand our capacities and our capabilities. So I think if you look at the underlying trend in our merchandising business, it's very positive, and the growth is there, and we expect it to continue.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Right. I would just -- Ukraine, are we -- is there any worries that they have the exports? Do you guys have any problems with having too much wheat that can't exported? Are there any issues in Ukraine for you guys?
Alberto Weisser: No, it was pretty much expected. The market expected it. It was overall very well coordinated. So we don't -- the volumes were as expected and good, and the transition to the reduction in exports, there's no real surprise here.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
Cornell Burnette: This is Cornell Burnette calling in with a question for David. And then if I'd start off here, I'd like to ask about Agribusiness. You obviously did very good in the quarter in crush margins and grain merchandising. I think a lot of that's driven by the opportunities that you had from just tight global supplies of grains. Alberto, can you talk about what happens, I think, early in 2013, when the U.S. crop starts to dwindle a bit and globally, supplies really tightened from where they are today? Does that give Bunge the opportunity to get maybe even more kind of special opportunities relative to what you had in this quarter?
Alberto Weisser: The situation will allow Bunge to play its strength because of our large presence in South America. And we have been very active in filling our pipeline so that we can start earlier than usual with the production and exports from South America. So if necessary, if the North American supply dwindles earlier because of strong demand, I think we can kick in with the South American supply. So we are preparing for this situation. So it should be a good transition, and we should play an important role here.
Cornell Burnette: Okay, very good. And on Fertilizer, you guys are profitable, but maybe considering that you -- we've got tight global grain supplies and high grain prices, it would seem that maybe you could have done even better than what occurred in the quarter. Can you give me any color on maybe why results weren't better? And then moving forward with the fact that you're expecting record -- a record crop, and we really need a record crop coming out of Brazil, is there the opportunity to get material increases in profitability in Fertilizer on a sequential basis as we move into the fourth quarter and into the first quarter next year?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that the main reason is that the quarter was very complicated with the port issues. And there was significant longer delays to unload the ships. That created really a havoc because this is the most important time of deliveries to the farmers. In addition, some of competitors got nervous and unloaded inventory faster. And so it was a very complicated quarter. So volumes were lower and also margins were lower. And we do not expect this to be repeated. So we expect this to stabilize.
Cornell Burnette: So do we think that maybe you could see some profit potentially shift between the third quarter and into the fourth quarter in Fertilizer?
Alberto Weisser: The fourth quarter is an important quarter, but it's also the end of the season, so we expect it to be well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Healy from Scotiabank.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: First question I have is for you, Drew. Just a comment that you made at the Investor Day last month. In Agribusiness, you were indicating that volume growth in the second half of the year would slow significantly from the first half. I think you gave an 8% as an approximation. And that was from 22% growth in the first half. So you had a great quarter this quarter. Volumes, I think, were higher than what people expected. Should we expect margins to fall off in the fourth quarter, or has your view changed since your Investor Day?
Andrew J. Burke: I think our business has stayed pretty strong. I think we will have volume growth in the fourth quarter because we'll have PNW for the full harvest this year, so that will help somewhat. The reason we -- what I was trying to say at the Investor Day, I don't remember exactly what I said, to be honest, the exact words, is in the first quarter in earlier in the year, we had that 19 type -- percent type of growth. We were somewhat, because of our activities and our new investments as a major part of it, it was also partly because you had a drought in the Black Sea region in the year before, and there was additional quantities were there this year. So part of the 19% came from there, and I think we are trying to set the expectation we couldn't continue at those 20% rates. But as you can see, our volumes have been stronger than I said on that, the number you were quoting. And I think we'll have strong volumes in the fourth quarter. I don't want to get into predicting any fact that's...
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: That's fine. That's just what I wanted to know. And then on the same lines in Fertilizer, you said that you expect the segment to recover first half losses in the second half. Is that still the expectation? Because I think with Q3, that would require Q4 to be quite a bit higher.
Andrew J. Burke: It's -- that would be a stretch to get there at the moment. I mean, the business is moving the right way, but we're a little bit lower the third quarter than we'd thought. So with that, I don't know that we're going to recover all of that this year.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Okay. And just the last question, can you guys talk about, I guess, what regions would you focus on growing in grain origination? What are some of your focus areas that you'd be looking at right now?
Alberto Weisser: We continue expanding in the regions we are present as you have seen in North America, in U.S. with the EGT, the Pacific Northwest terminal, which also meant that we expanded our grain origination in North America. The same we are doing in South America, in Eastern Europe. So we are growing organically. What is new is we are expanding both in Africa and in -- we are making investments in Australia and also expanding now our grain origination in Canada. So the business continues growing in geography and in products.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Markets, Research Division: Alberto, you knew someone had to ask you the question about Australia, so that is a market that you're interested in growing in.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We have been present without assets, but now we are moving.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: I guess my question is on oilseed demand, we're hearing reports that China may be stepping in and ramping up imports of palm oil with the recent decline in prices. How should we look at that? Is that a risk for substitution between soy oil and palm oil on the demand side, or is it just the fact that across the overall oilseed complex, supplies are so tight that this is really not going to become potentially a substitution issue over the next few quarters?
Alberto Weisser: I would say generally from an impact on Bunge, it's not that relevant because we operate in all the oils. And on soybean, we have to remember that one of the soybean meal pod is even more important than the oil side. So these kind of movements happen from time to time. We also have a shorter rapeseed crop and canola crop. So you have movements in which oil is more abundant than others. So at the moment, we have one which is the palm oil. So you see different flows, and it's reflected on prices. But remember, we work on margins in general. So we can -- mix had changed some of the oils we work with, should not have a significant impact on us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler from Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Alberto, just in regards to a previous question, you answered about growth in origination. You talked a lot about it sounds like greenfield projects, but there's been a lot of consolidation in the industry, and it seems like there's more to come. So I guess, one, do you feel like there will be more consolidation in the industry? And then second, where does Bunge stand in terms of M&A opportunities?
Alberto Weisser: I do believe that we have more consolidation because we have shown that the market has shown that it is necessary to have large companies with a significant geography spread and strong balance sheets to operate and serve the markets in these volatile times. And so we expect them to continue. And we are part of it, but at the same time we have shown we are disciplined operators. So when we do acquisitions, they have to meet our hurdle rate. If they are too expensive, we will not move and then we prefer to do either greenfield over a longer period of time. So just remember that over the last 15 years, we have increased 10x in size. And that was a lot in terms of acquisitions as well. But if it's too expensive, we will pass.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just in terms for ethanol, how much shifting can be done from the industry from hydrous to anhydrous? Are there any limitations on that?
Alberto Weisser: There are limitations because you have to do investments. And so there have not been a lot of investments. So we have done some, but anyway, it's also signal of pricing. So I don't expect a significant move there...
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So you don't expect to see a significant shift.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We will because we have made investments in the past, but the whole industry will have very little shift.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And then for next year in terms of pricing for ethanol and sugar in general, I know you guys are planting a significant amount. But are your competitors -- and if not, then do you see a possible increase in -- or decrease in supply or an increase in pricing for next year?
Alberto Weisser: Overall, we all are expecting an increase in supply next year. And obviously, some more, some less. We probably are the ones that have, on a relative basis, have the biggest increase in planting. And we really -- our focus is to become profitable and getting close to our cost of capitals, even with this kind of environment, these kind of prices. Hydrous ethanol prices are a little bit too low at the moment. So all we can do is reduce our unit cost, and we are doing this as fast and focused as we can. So that is our focus.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last one to follow-up on Ken Zaslow's question. I guess how long will the Brazil corn exports last? And I guess how much supply is there?
Alberto Weisser: To be honest, I don't know the details, there's something left, but very soon you will have the summer crop starting. So...
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. The winter crop will probably be -- the exports will probably be completed in the fourth quarter is my thought. But again, I don't know the precise date.
Alberto Weisser: And now is the time for the Northern Hemisphere. We have -- interesting, we are starting -- we are also exporting corn from Ukraine, which is a new one, something new.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Horowitz from Topeka Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First of all, can you give us a little bit of an update on the situation in Argentina with the cereals registry?
Alberto Weisser: There is no relevant change. This grain registry is not a significant impact for us because it's more about domestic trading. So which we are not an important player. So there's no significant change.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Alberto, there seems to be kind of a discrepancy between what you guys are accounting for in terms of exposure to this issue financially and what the Argentine government is saying that you are kind of -- are on the hook for. I'm sure that there's going to be some sort of kind of sit down and come to an agreement. But just maybe some indication of how this process may work in terms of getting to some sort of agreement. Will this be something like that's going to happen over time and sort of step functions or will there be...
Andrew J. Burke: First of all, I think our accounting for this is absolutely correct, and we've made all of the disclosures around this issue in our SEC filings. So we've disclosed what has happened. We believe that the tax positions we've taken are absolutely correct, and we plan to defend those position vigorously.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you talked about in the press release a little bit of weakness in the edible oil market in North America. I think that's how the sentence read. Can you just give us just a little bit more color on where that weakness was either in the processing chain or in geography?
Alberto Weisser: It is nothing unusual, but I would say it is a couple of things mainly around food service. And -- but it is not something that we are worried about too much. It's also our ramping up of our margarine production. We shut down one plant from the acquisition we did in the past [ph] -- C.F. Sauer's plant, and we moved it to another one. So these are small -- how should I say, nothing structural. This should change.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one last question, you talked about, still in oilseeds, the benefits from acquisitions. If you strip out acquisitions, can you comment a little bit more on the performance of the legacy business?
Andrew J. Burke: Are you referring to the Edible Oils business that we mentioned the comments on?
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, absolutely.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. It's the Food acquisition.
Alberto Weisser: You -- there's one -- obviously, we had the benefit last year of a sale of a plant in Canada. And this year, all the acquisitions are contributing, the ones in India and Brazil and even in the U.S. So all of the acquisitions are contributing and are delivering as expected in year one. They are not yet at full run rate as you ramp up acquisitions, it takes time, integration. So onetime's item, but they are in line with our expectations.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Right. I guess understand that. What I'm trying to kind of figure out is the business, if you kind of look at Edible Oils without the acquisitions, were you seeing significant market penetration?
Alberto Weisser: They were -- excluding the gains on sale of assets, they were improved versus last year.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think our underlying Edible Oil business is performing well sequentially. Both Brazil and in Europe had a good third quarter and have shown improvement. And they were not -- you have those -- those results were not driven by acquisitions, but major contribution from the acquisition was in India and then somewhat from the tomato business in Brazil. But the core base Bunge business has performed -- or traditional Bunge businesses performed well in the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just wanted to follow up on these heavy rains in southern Brazil and Argentina. Curious how you think it will impact the timing of the harvest and whether or not there'll be kind of some -- is that's good for you to have it delayed in some way or is it immaterial? And then generally what you think about wheat -- the wheat quality out of Argentina as a result of the rains?
Alberto Weisser: I would say it's immaterial and as expected. So these kinds of things happen. So let's say it for a lot of rain is perhaps, not so good for wheat, but it's ideal for soybeans. So the weather market is too early to talk about it. Weather in South America really becomes more relevant, January, February. So at that moment, there's no concern from our side.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And not on wheat quality either?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. On wheat, yes, but if you have change in wheat, that will have an improvement for soybeans. So these kind of things happen. South America, remember, is a little bit different than North America. You have much wider geographies from North to South and from East to West. So we have -- every year, we have some issues somewhere. So at the moment, we are not concerned.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: You'll have to forgive me if someone touched on this already, but I noticed that chicken egg set data in the U.S. is tracking down again. I would imagine there's going to be reductions in the pig herd as well. I wanted to know if you're seeing anything, any signs of that in your forward sales to livestock producers. And then also perhaps a little color on -- your crush margins look pretty good right now. And is that just a reflection of an easy comp to a year ago or is it more rational behavior in the industry?
Alberto Weisser: So the first question is we are surprised how strong the demand to the livestock area business is. We expect that somewhat a stronger drop. And we are planning for next year a drop in demand in U.S., not worldwide. Worldwide, it will be expanding. So we could see a reduction in demand as we end the first quarter. But at the moment, we don't see too much of it. In terms of crush margins, I would say it's a mixture of both. Crush margins are good, and it's rational behavior, but it's also solid demand. So the structure of the business is good.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And at this time, we have a question from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Alberto, the question is going to go back to the logistical operations down in Brazil. I mean, one of the strengths that I've always thought was true for Bunge was the significant port investments that you guys have made over the year. And then specifically, I thought that, that advantage would translate into really significant advantages in logistics out of Brazil when the infrastructure gets tight. So I know you mentioned about a strike and I know that, that would be above and beyond these comments. But can you develop this line of logic a little bit, and maybe for everybody listening, explain kind of how this plays through into next year as we would be anticipating an incredible surge of product that needs to get out of Brazil?
Alberto Weisser: Look, we think that we probably have one of the best logistics in the industry with a very wide and large network of silos, which is very important if there's congestion and high freight rates that we can hold back and wait for better rates, and which has a positive impact on margins. I think we have also developed very good contracts and relationships and traditionally, being a very good customers of the railways. So we probably use more rail than others. And combined with our ports that we operate in different parts of Brazil and continue to expand, we think we are very well-positioned. So if there's one port where there's an issue, Paranaguá, we could ship it through San Francisco, Victoria, Santos and more and more through the North as we continue expanding through the river system in the North. So we look at it, as you said, if there is no other disruption like strike, we feel that we are very well-positioned.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So maybe just to go back over that one more time, just to be super clear, so next year, I anticipate that your logistical advantages will really come through in the results. Am I overstating the case?
Alberto Weisser: I hope you are right.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. Well that's then not perfectly clear. So Drew, one final thing, you made some comments about 2013 numbers. Is there any suggestion that you can give right now for us in context of today's results and it's the best quarterly result we've seen in, I think, 7 or 8 quarters. Again, I know you don't give any mathematical guidance, but is there any context here you can really lay out for us?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I still feel very good about 2013, as I've said at a conference earlier this year. And I've said at our Investor Day, I think the people inside Bunge are much more optimistic about '13 than the people who are on the outside I think we see continued strength in Agribusiness and Foods. With -- '13's the year we probably going to put everything in place for sugar should perform at the level at its potential and what we expected. So yes, I still feel real good about '13. I think it's setting up to be a very good year for Bunge, and we're excited about it.
Operator: At this time, this concludes the time that we have for the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Mr. Haden for closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Kim, and thank you for everyone joining us this morning.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q2 2012 Bunge Limited Earnings Conference Call. My name is Larissa, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Larissa, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to revise -- to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. Before Drew offers details about Bunge's performance in the second quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year, I would like to start by discussing conditions in the agribusiness market. Weather is always an important variable in the agribusiness and food industries, but this year it's particularly significant. Global stocks of corn and soybeans are already tight, and severe drought in the U.S. has lowered expectations for replenished supply this fall and driven commodity futures prices to record levels. As the world adjusts to these developments, we are likely to see a tempering of near-term demand among commercial customers, the emergence of nontraditional trade flows, both within regions and globally, as well as a massive planting by farmers in the Southern Hemisphere. Large crops next spring from farmers in South America will help provide relief to a stressed market. We expect Bunge will have a strong second half of the year, not only because we are confident in our business and our approach, our global presence in agribusiness, our investment in sugar and our downstream and fertilizer businesses, but also because we are confident that the role we play as a company is both meaningful and valued. In times of tight commodity stocks and price volatility, farmers depend on a trusted outlet for their crops. Commercial customers rely on a responsive supplier, and the world requires flexible trade that can move products smoothly and safely from where they are to where they need to be. Bunge's strong balance sheet, efficient operations, diverse product portfolio and global asset network enable us to provide these services in the most challenging of times. Of course, record commodity prices spark concern for the food security of vulnerable communities. However, while corn and soybean stocks are low, global stocks of other key staples, including wheat and rice, are at more comfortable levels. The availability of these crops, combined with rational approaches by governments to domestic food, agriculture and trade policies, fast response from aid agencies and cooperation from industry, should help the world respond quickly and effectively to potential issues. I will now turn the call over to Drew, who will take you through the quarter and our outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Alberto. Let's go to our earnings highlights on Page 3. We again achieved strong volume growth. Total volumes were 40.6 million tons, a 14% increase over the prior year. The volume increase was driven by Agribusiness, as volumes went from 29 million to 35 million tons. This increase resulted from increased grain merchandising business in Europe due to increased supplies in our new port in the Black Sea and in the North America as our Pacific Northwest port and related great origination facilities were in operation. Oilseed volumes also increased. The second quarter of 2011 volumes were negatively impacted by the 2010 drought in the Black Sea. Our total EBIT for the quarter was $403 million. Included in this amount are gains of $85 million related to the sale of our minority interest in the Solae joint venture and $36 million related to our purchase of a controlling interest in a wheat milling joint venture in which we previously held a minority share. Excluding these gains, our total segment EBIT was $282 million. The comparable prior year number was $336 million. Our Agribusiness EBIT, excluding the gain on the sale of the minority interest in Solae, was $301 million. This was higher than the comparable prior year amount of $271 million, which excludes a gain on a sale of our share of a European oilseed joint venture. Agribusiness results were driven by strong performances in oilseed processing and grain merchandising in South America. Our European business, which includes our new Ukrainian port operation, also performed well. Sugar & Bioenergy reported a loss of $28 million. While the second quarter is the weakest business seasonally, we had expected a result around breakeven. The shortfall versus expectation was caused by an unusual level of rain in June, which resulted in lower crushing volumes and higher unit costs. The prior year result of $18 million benefited from unusually high ethanol prices related to a tight supply situation in Brazil. The lower sugar volumes in the quarter were attributed to our merchandising business. Food & Ingredients reported a quarter result of $46 million. This amount includes a gain of $36 million related to our purchase of a controlling share of a Mexican wheat milling business in which we previously had a minority interest. The adjusted 2012 result of $10 million compares to a prior year result of $52 million. Our edible oil results were lower as volatile raw material prices in the quarter resulted into reduced margins, and we recorded impairment charge of approximately $5 million related to the closing of a European margarine plant as part of a facilities consolidation program to improve efficiency. Our wheat milling results were lower than expected due to combination of lower margins and continuing challenges related to the implementation of an SAP system that impacted volumes and margins. Core milling continued to perform well, but results were slightly below a strong quarter last year. Our Fertilizer business reported a loss of $1 million in the quarter versus a profit of $12 million in the prior year. The prior year amount is adjusted for $17 million of onetime charges. Volumes increased over the prior year, but margins continue to be affected by high cost inventories from earlier in the year when international prices decreased. Our tax rate in the quarter is 19% compared to 11% in the prior year. The higher rate was due to our earnings mix and the gain on the sale of the minority interest in Solae. The net income attributable to Bunge was $274 million, and our earnings per share, excluding the gains of -- on transactions, was $1.20. Let's move to Page 4. We have indicated that we have been consistently investing in our sugar plantations that have the ability to produce at full capacity. This chart compares the performance of our cane fields and mills to the center south industry as a whole. The comparison period is crop year-to-date at June 30. Cane milling volume for the industry has declined by 28% from last year's crop to this year's. At the same time, our cane milling volume has increased by 10%. A similar result is seen in sugar production, and in ethanol the variance is even larger. The only area where we show a decline is in total recoverable sugar. This reduction was due to the rains in June, which reduced the concentration of sugar in the cane. As with the other measures, our performance is better than the industry's as we showed a decline of 2% versus 4% for the industry. In 2012, we are continuing to invest significantly in sugarcane plantations. We will plant approximately 70,000 hectares. As a result of these investments, we expect to have enough cane available to produce at full capacity next year. Let's turn to Page 5 in the balance sheet. Our balance sheet remains strong. During the quarter, our inventories increased $1.6 billion reflecting higher crop prices and increased inventories in South America following the normal pattern during the harvest season. Our debt level increased by a similar amount. At June 30, we had $2.1 billion of available and unused capacity under our committed credit lines. Turning to Page 6 in our cash flow statement. Our funds from operations for the 6 months ended June 30 were $401 million, primarily reflecting our net income of $355 million plus the gain on the Solae and wheat milling transactions plus depreciation, depletion and amortization of $264 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities of $3.1 billion primarily reflects the increase in inventory levels. Our capital expenditures to date are $473 million, and we are on track with our full year spend of $1.2 billion. Let's turn to our full year outlook on Page 7. We continue to expect the strong finish to the year. Agribusiness should perform well. In oilseed processing, we expect good margins. North American soy crushing will benefit from export demand due to tight supplies in South America. Our Canadian canola and Eastern European sunseed margins should be strong as crops are large and demand will benefit from the tight global soybean supply. European soy margins are also good, while rapeseed margins remain under pressure. China crushing margins are expected to improve as high soybean inventory levels are drawn down later in the year. However, the higher crop prices we are seeing will cause demand to slow down. The corn balance sheet is particularly tight as a result of North American drought. The world's grain needs will have to be served by nontraditional trade flows, and our asset base and logistic network are well positioned to meet that need. Our strong balance sheet and risk management capabilities are essential in the current high price, volatile environment. Let's turn to Page 8. In sugar, we are entering the seasonally stronger half of the year. As the harvest progresses, we have greater visibility as to the crop size, and we continue to expect to mill 17 million to 18 million tons of cane. However, for the year, we expect results to be below our prior estimates. While we should be able to recover the million volume loss during the second quarter, we are not expecting to be able to make up the entire earnings shortfall from the second quarter. As mentioned earlier, we are on track to plant about 70,000 hectares of cane this year. The development of this cane was helped by the June rains, so our confidence is increasing that we would be able to operate at full capacity next year. We expect our Food & Ingredients business to return to its previous level of profitability in the second half as prices align with raw material costs. Please turn to the next page. Fertilizer is entering its peak season. Farmers are profitable, and the market needs a large South American crop. This should translate into strong volumes for our business. We are now forecasting a tax rate for the year of 17% to 20%, driven by our earnings mix and the Solae transaction. As we approach the end of 2012 and the beginning of 2013, we are confident our businesses will perform well. Our global footprint, strong merchandising and logistics capabilities and risk management skills position us well in the current agribusiness environment. The expected large crops in South America next year should support our continued growth. Our food business should benefit from having an integrated supply chain with our agribusiness operation. Our investments in sugarcane planning are starting to pay off and should be reflected starting -- in our profits starting in the third quarter and thereafter. We'll now be happy to answer your questions. Larissa will lead us through that process.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets is online.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So I wanted to talk about the Brazilian crush outlook. And can you just talk about -- so the fact crush margins for Brazil are obviously not that great. Can you talk about your ability to actually own the soybeans versus how you can sell it? And can just help us out what the outlook for your Brazilian crush margins would look like for the next, call it, 3 to 6 months?
Alberto Weisser: Ken, the fees -- the crush fees of South America is fully in swing. Obviously, we have already bought most of the beans that we need to crush. Crush margins are okay, so they have been quite good and we feel comfortable where we are.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So would you think that, that would be better year-over-year or in line with year-over-year? How do you kind of think about it going forward like that?
Alberto Weisser: Obviously, the structural margins have been better in South America vis-à-vis last year, and we expect it to continue being strong until the end of the season.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then in terms of the inventory levels, year-over-year it's about $1 billion bigger than it what it was last year. Is that comprised mostly of volume or pricing?
Alberto Weisser: I would say it's mostly price, but we have expanded somewhat our market share.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And then with the Safrina crop coming out, does that change the logistic opportunity that you would have given the tightness of the supply in the U.S.? And how does that work out? Obviously, it's supposed to be much bigger than last year. Does that create a -- somewhat of a bridge to offset some of the U.S. crush margin outlook?
Alberto Weisser: Well, the Safrina is related to corn and so the margins here also have been very strong and -- for domestic and export businesses so this has been -- in fact, this is not Safrina anymore, it's very large Safra [ph]. So we have good inventory, good forward business this year and margins are structurally strong.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So I guess relative to your outlook in the first quarter, would you say that the composition of your earnings in the Agribusiness is going be stronger or weaker than you expected? And what is the composition based on crush margins versus logistics?
Alberto Weisser: Look, we feel as strong as we felt in the last quarter. For the rest of the year, I think we are very well positioned, and South America is performing extremely well. And so if there is some weakness, perhaps in crush margins in Europe like rapeseed and in North America, it's offset by the stronger performance of South America. So our outlook is as robust as we thought about in the last quarter. Obviously, it's a little bit different because the harvest is looking different, but we feel very comfortable about the second half.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And my last question is on capital projects. Can you give us an update on how you think the return characteristics of certain of your capital projects will go from the Northwest port to some of the smaller projects? How does that all play out relative to your expectations going forward?
Alberto Weisser: It's -- the good news is that many of the investments that we launched are now in full swing like Nikolayev in the Ukraine and the Pacific Northwest, the -- some of the Vietnam plant and so on. So they are performing as expected. So -- also, the acquisitions in the food sector in India and in Brazil. So we are comfortable with how they are performing in terms of returns as expected. Obviously, some a little bit better or some a little bit less good, but we are very comfortable the way they are moving.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So I guess I lied when I said one last question. Are you more optimistic, less optimistic, or dissimilar? I can't really figure out which way you're feeling relative to last quarter. It sounds like you're kind of more optimistic but not really sure. I'm just trying to take your temperature on that. Are you feeling better about the next 18 months or not as strong?
Alberto Weisser: I feel, at least, as strong as in the last quarter. Let's -- we obviously are quite worried with the shorter crop in North America. But the way Bunge is positioned with a very strong global asset network logistics, I think we will be able to participate and help the customers to feed wherever it is needed. So we feel very good even with the change in the picture of the harvest, and we have probably one of the strongest balance sheet in the industry, and we are being able to fund the expansion of the business with the higher prices. So as you see -- saw our inventory going up, we are ready. So we feel very, very well positioned.
Andrew J. Burke: Ken, let me just add to that because you took it out, how do we feel over a longer period of time into next year, right? I think we're feeling pretty good about next year. You're going to have very large crops in South America, and we're very well positioned to both process and handle the crop in that market, and I think you'll see a big harvest in South America and big volumes used domestically, but particularly for exports because the world's going to need that product.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Even that should offset the U.S. crush outlook, which is probably less good than you thought it was, but the South America should more than make up for it, I guess?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I would think so, Ken. One, it's hard to predict the U.S. because we're in a difficult weather position. So the soybean crop isn't made yet and it's under some stress. But I think the feeling is that the fourth quarter will be -- third and fourth quarter will be okay in the U.S. but they'll run out of product earlier -- early in the first quarter of next year that there won't be a whole lot that can be exported out of the states, at which time the Brazilian crop will come in. So I think on a net-net balance, yes, we do see the opportunities for us in the future of Brazil outweighing what we might give up because of the smaller U.S. crop.
Alberto Weisser: We feel very good about the next 18 months. Also, Sugar & Bioenergy will start showing the results, and we are seeing it already the way it is performing in July. So we are comfortable with the next 18 months, the outlook.
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler from Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Drew, can you just talk about the shortfall or the magnitude of the shortfall, I guess, in terms of EBIT margin for sugar? I think the last time you -- or last quarter, you'd pointed to slightly below the normalized range of 8 to 10. I guess, can you point to what it would be this year?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, we can. I think it'll be a little bit lower again, Ryan, because what's happened is in the second quarter, we lost crushing volume. And we still have the same crop. We have 17 million to 18 million tons. So as long as there's nothing very unusual in the Brazilian weather pattern, we'll be able to meet our crushing targets for the year. But the other significant thing in the sugar business is how much sugar you recover in the cane. Storing the cane we produced in the second quarter, the total recoverable sugars were lower than historical levels because the cane was wet, in effect, from the rain. So that piece of the profit, we're not going to be able to earn back over the rest of the year because that crushing is done and that sugar is gone or was never there. So I think it will be slightly below than we thought last time.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I think -- I mean, I guess, can you just talk about where the improvement from 2Q to the back half of the year? So I look at your milling volumes, you already milled -- you did, I guess, 5 million. I think, at most, that would be in the second quarter because you probably don't start harvesting until April. And you've got 12 or so million to go, so let's just say you do 6 million in each quarter and you're only going to pick up an extra million tons per quarter. And then the TRS from what I've been reading is that given that the rains have increased in the second quarter, that continues to drain the sugar content and TRS may not actually tick up that much in the second half of the year. So how do you bridge that gap in getting better volume -- or better margins in the back half?
Andrew J. Burke: Okay. Let's take it one at a time. And then if you want more details after that, I suggest you give Mark a call, he'd be happy to take you through it. In Brazil, we start the harvest in the second quarter. At that time, the cane is not that mature and the total recoverable sugars are lower, lowest of the season. And as you move through the harvest, the sugar continues to mature and the concentration of sugar in the cane grows higher as you move out and then it declines again. So as you enter the third quarter and the beginning of the fourth quarter, you have the highest recoverable sugar rate. So a kind [ph] of crush is not a ton of crush. Material crush from September forward -- or excuse me, from July forward, starts to have the higher total recoverable sugar than sugar recovered earlier. So that's one factor. So you actually get better yield in that period and that's why we've always said sugar is a second half business and we earn our highest profits in the second half in sugar. If you look at total recoverable sugar, they do recover during -- as the crop moves along. I think the UNICA data is showing that the total recoverable sugars are getting higher. How high they'll get versus historical has a lot to do with the weather and other factors, and that's very difficult to predict. Our projections are based on kind of a normalized ATR development through the crop cycle.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I guess just to follow up on Ken's question. I mean, it just seems strange that you -- I'm just curious how you could have such a huge shift in Agribusiness and the supply-demand balance is where you go from one of the biggest crops in U.S. history to one of the worst droughts in 25 years. And your outlook hasn't changed at all, especially with demand dropping off here. Is there a scenario where it's actually not good for you guys? Like what -- like how are both scenarios that good for both of you that your outlook is so strong for Agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser: Well, you have to understand that we are very strong in South America, and the South American harvest was a very good one. It was lower than originally expected, but I think it was the third or fourth largest ever. So -- and therefore, the world needed their products and they needed the infrastructure and the kind of assets and capabilities we have so the margins are good. So -- and when we look into next year, South America will again be a major contributor. It is a shorter crop in U.S. but it is going to be a good crop. So we will have enough beans and grains to process until the end of the year. And we have to remember also that we have expanded in the Black Sea area where we have generated significant amount of volumes, and it was not there last year. I think what you are hearing from us is Bunge is, because of its geographic breadth and also the product portfolio, we are very well positioned. That is exactly where our strength comes to play. When there are problems in some areas, we are able to compensate it with products and geographies from other areas. So that's exactly our business model.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: What -- as you look at the U.S. soy crop, where do you think the yield comes in? Are you guys closer to where USDA is? Or are you much below it?
Alberto Weisser: I would say we are where the USDA is, and there's still time, and there's quite a way to go with the soybean crop. So there are a couple of rains out there so we are where the USDA is as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Let's take this a scenario where the USDA just happens to be wrong, and they're really wrong, and the yield comes in 3, 4, 5 bushels below where they are so we're somewhere in the high 30s and soybeans go into the high teens, maybe to $20. What type of situation would that be for you?
Alberto Weisser: We are in the middle of it so we earn our spread, so what we would do is you might have -- the fourth quarter should be reasonable because we will have the availability. You might have, earlier in the beginning of the first quarter of next year, not enough beans to supply for exports. So you have to remember that Brazil starts harvesting at the very end of December already. So Brazil would have to kick in even earlier. So I would say that the scenario is tight, but it is reasonable. We think we will be able to serve our customers.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And $20 beans from a balance sheet perspective or maybe, Drew, it will be helpful if you just could sort of -- just sort of give us a little more detail about how the balance sheet is functioning. I see you still have $2.1 billion last of credit facilities even though inventory went up in the quarter. So what is the comfort level of beans going to $20? Is that -- I mean, is that fine? Or how should we think about that type of scenario in the balance sheet?
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Vincent, I don't want to give too precise of an answer because it's a very dynamic situation and what it would mean to us varies on how much inventory we decide to carry and how much of a position we have on the exchanges. What I would say is we are very comfortable with our balance sheet and our debt capacity at the moment and think we'll be okay in all the scenarios that we are envisioning for the market going forward. So we don't see that as an issue at the moment. It could be at a point in time, but right now we don't see it as something that's going to impact us in a great way.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just one question for me is can you just -- the tax rate that you guided to for the full year went up and I know your tax rate can move around for a variety of reasons. Can just help us understand what the reasons are in this case?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think the 2 in the press release, the one is very straightforward, which is we had a gain on the sale of Solae, which is tax in a high tax rate jurisdiction. So that is having straight some pressure and moving it higher. The second one and the one that causes volatility in our rates is the earnings mix. That is always difficult for us to project. We do business in, I think, over 40 countries. They all have unique tax rate and their tax rates range from very low up to about 35%. And as we've said in the past, the earnings moves throughout the chain in our business quite frequently, so we may be expecting to make it in origination and end up making it in distribution, and that transactions are likely to be in different countries. So that's what causes the volatility in getting it to move up. There are many drivers of wide increase but I would say the biggest driver in this year is the fact that we see both increased operating earnings in Brazil and we see lower financing costs in Brazil. So our pretax income in Brazil is increasing, and that is a fairly high tax rate jurisdiction for us. The other thing I'd point out is while we don't like high tax rates, if it's caused mainly by higher earnings it's not such a bad thing. So -- but we would prefer a lower rate. But when it comes to the other way, it's not. But I would actually say it's strength in Brazil pretax profits that is causing the biggest increase in our estimate for this year.
Operator: The next question comes from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Alberto, you talked about the global supplies of wheat and rice being ample. It seems like we've seen some estimates coming down here recently on those crops. I'm curious, rumors about hoarding, again, politically motivated kind of changes in policy. I'm wondering how that affects your outlook for availability, if it does at all, and whether or not you have any protection this time around? Or how it might be different if there were to be any kind of export bans?
Alberto Weisser: Well, one situation is -- one message is very clear. I think it is the one thing we don't need and would be very detrimental is government interventions about limiting exports. As we have seen in the past, this is very, very negative for the whole world and we don't have any indications. We think it is -- we have enough inventories, and we have enough ending stocks. So we feel it is comfortable. But obviously, government interventions are always tricky and problematic.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Is there anything different this time, like who controls the supply? I think that shifted a bit since we had these issues before. I'm not -- at least that's what we hear from the trade.
Alberto Weisser: I'm not so sure. I think we are having this time -- okay, we have the issue that we don't have enough feed input, which is corn and soybeans, are smaller but this is -- goes into the livestock industry. So I think that's a little bit different. But rice and wheat is available. The Chinese crop is good. I think we have enough, although a little bit lower in Europe, but we have enough production of wheat. We have enough stocks in U.S. and the crops should be okay. So I would hope everybody stays reasonable and just remember the issues with corn and with soybeans.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then with the increase in prices of seeds specifically, we're hearing about quite a bit of liquidation globally on the high cost feeds supply. I'm wondering how that changes your demand projections, if it does at all, and how you are working with customers maybe to secure physical supplies.
Alberto Weisser: We would say at the moment, the change in demand is more that we, 6 weeks ago -- 6 weeks -- or 2 months ago, we expected a higher, in fact, an increase and we are not seeing the increase, so that is the delta. And I think the live -- the meat industry and some end customers are being more careful and not expanding. So we think there is enough supply until at least beginning of next year. And physically, I think we have supply and there might be substitutions. There might be some rationalization and there might be odd trade flows, and we are working with our customers with these different scenarios. And so far, I think, obviously, the biggest impact is high price, which is obviously negative for the end consumer.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Right. And just one last question then on the Brazilian policy on the blend rate. I'm curious if you have any update on how that might go.
Alberto Weisser: We know that the government would like to increase. But as you have seen from -- also from our chart, the production of sugar and ethanol from cane sugar has not increased. So there's only so much that can be done to increase the blending rate. So first, the prices have to go up before you would see significantly more expansion of cane production and then you could see an increase in the blending rate.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: So nothing expected this year?
Alberto Weisser: We don't know. But obviously, because the country is importing a lot of gasoline, which is very expensive and obviously, they would prefer to have local production of ethanol. So the government is thinking and working on what to do to help to expand the ethanol production. So I think that would be probably the first step and then the second step would be increase the blend.
Operator: The next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: We've seen, I guess, a report out this morning that China might be pressuring edible oil producers to keep wholesale prices stable. Just wanted to get your sense of how that could potentially impact some of your commentary that Food & Ingredient business should improve on the edible oil side in the second half and Chinese crush margins have the potential to improve.
Alberto Weisser: We have very, very small de minimis business to the end customer in China. So these kind of things happen from time to time. We have seen it before, so we plan for this when there are difficulties increasing prices. Even if it's not the government, not always we are able to pass on all the increases in price to the end customers so that is why you saw also, because of the volatility of prices, you saw the drop in margins in our quarter. This does not mean, as a company as a whole, that this is automatically negative because sometimes the margin is picked up in Agribusiness. So -- but over time, we are able to pass on the prices to -- into the market. Now when I talk about improvement in crush margins in China, it's more that we see there's ample inventories, a lot was bought. And as these inventories are crushed, we see an improvement in the margins.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one last question, I guess, to drill down at your commentary on South America. Is this -- the confidence in South America, is that primarily driven by the fact that you were able to buy more beans at December, January levels and now you're essentially selling a lot of the products that you're crushing at July, August mill and oil prices? Is that really where the spread has opened up for you this year?
Alberto Weisser: I would say we -- it's obviously also how you position yourself commercially when you buy. We start buying the crop for the -- sometimes already in July, August for next year. So it depends, obviously, when you buy it and what kind of margins you can accomplish. And -- but the structure, the global structure in the world allowed for the farmers to make significant amount of money and the margin expanded for the processors and the merchandisers like us. And this is normal when you have a large crop and you do not have too much competition from other regions. So the picture is very constructive for South America this year and also for next year.
Operator: The next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Alberto, I joined the call a little bit late so apologies. The slew of earnings reports' out. Can you pull together the full year for us a little bit? And does the disappointing second quarter mean that the full year outlook is reduced? And then I've got a number of follow-ups, but can we start there?
Alberto Weisser: Overall, I would say the quarter was good because Agribusiness performed better than we thought. Now we had some issues in Sugar & Bioenergy and in Food & Ingredients. Now I would say our outlook for the second half in Agribusiness continues to be very strong, and in Sugar & Bioenergy, probably stronger for the second half than we thought in April, but we will not be able to recuperate everything, the amount we lost in the second quarter because there was more rain in June than we expected that increased our costs. And in Food & Ingredients, we think we will be able to do at least what we did last year. It should be better because we have a couple of acquisitions that came in. So we feel very good about the second half and also next year.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So then versus your comments 3 months ago and looking at the full year, this is definitively a more back-half-weighted year and it got even more so given what happened in sugar in the quarter and the expectation that Agribusiness will continue to improve in the back half. Is that a fair summary?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that's fair.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I wanted also to ask a little bit about crushing margins. So this is -- I get a lot of questions on this from clients. They see Chicago Board of Trade crush margins decline on the front month contract in a nonseasonal period, i.e. old crop beans, and we know we're running out of those. So what I'd really like to focus on here is how much visibility do you guys have on your crushing margins in the second half of the year? And then to expand on this a little bit, it seems to me that there was a very good opportunity during the quarter to lock in the board crush margins at attractive levels. So did you do this? And can we feel comfortable that the business will perform well in the back half, i.e. do you actually have business locked up rather than just an expectation that it will be good?
Alberto Weisser: Look, let me tell you the way I see generally the crush margins. They have been and are good in South America. They have not -- are not good in U.S. They are good in Canada. Soybean in Europe and sunseeds are very good. Rapeseeds are not so good, and China is improving. So the general picture of crushing margins so far this year and the outlook for the rest of the year are better this year than they are last year. And obviously, Dave, we can't tell you exactly what we did in our strategies for the second half of the year in U.S. But we feel we are very confident that the crush margins will be quite good in the fourth quarter in U.S. as well.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then one final question here on sugar. So I understand your comments a moment ago, but maybe I need a little clarification on something. So if the rains in the second quarter are good for sugar yields in the third and fourth quarter and if those are the quarters where you produce most of the product, why is it that you can't still meet your profit goals in the sugar business? Isn't it logical to think that you would produce at least as much sugar on a recovered basis as you had originally projected, if not more?
Andrew J. Burke: Dave, I think what you're going to see is the third and fourth quarters would've been stronger than what we're thinking about originally. I know we didn't publish those numbers, but that is correct because what we weren't able to crush in the second quarter, we're crushing in the third and fourth quarters. However, what we did crush in the second quarter was crushed with less total recoverable sugar. So the amount of sugar in the cane was less because when the cane gets wet, you have volume but you have less sugar there. That delta that we lost of total recoverable sugars in the second quarter, we're not going to be able to make up later in the year.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Mark Haden: Well, Larissa, thank you very much. And thank you, everyone, for tuning in today. Thank you for your appreciation, and we'll look forward to seeing you in the next call.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer
Analysts: Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the First Quarter Bunge Limited Earnings Conference Call. My name is John, and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, John. And thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited's First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website at bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those continued in -- contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto, and he'll begin with Slide 3.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. We faced headwinds in the first quarter, as expected, but are confident that we will deliver strong results in 2012. Agribusiness and Food Ingredients performed well. However, in sugar & bioenergy, lower margins for ethanol depressed results. And fertilizer results were impacted by an environment of falling international prices, as well as a non-recurring item. Looking ahead, market conditions in agribusiness are better than they were at the beginning of the year. Supply and demand in oilseeds and grains is more balanced, and export shipments in key crops are up compared to last year, which should support volumes and margins globally. Volatility should persist, but we feel confident that our risk management capabilities will enable Bunge to navigate the market successfully. In sugar & bioenergy, margins should improve significantly with the new harvest, and we are confident we will meet expectations for the remainder of the year. And in fertilizer, we expect margins and volumes to improve with the start of the traditional sale season. But we clearly have more work to do here and continue to evolve our business model to yield better returns. Now I will turn it over to Drew who will discuss our first quarter financial results and outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Alberto, and good morning, everyone. Let's turn to Page 4. Our net income for the quarter is $92 million versus $232 million in the prior year. The quarter does contain a notable item of $27 million. This charge relates to a Brazilian court case regarding an environmental incident which occurred in 1998. The charge is included in our fertilizer business. If we adjust our net income for this notable item, our net income for the quarter would be $110 million. Our earnings per share as reported is $0.57 per share, and adjusted for the notable item, it is $0.69 per share. Our agribusiness segment EBIT was $197 million versus a strong comparison of $249 million in the prior year. This result was in line with our outlook as stated during our last call. The major portion of the reduction was in oilseeds processing in the United States and Europe. U.S. margins continued to be impacted by low capacity utilization. Europe continued to be affected by low rapeseed gross margins due to the small crop. Our grains business performed well, but below prior year led by strong results in South America. Agribusiness volumes increased significantly from 24 million metric tons in 2011 to 30 million tons in 2012. This increase reflected growth in our asset base, our new oilseed processing facilities in Asia, our new grain facilities in North America and our new ports in Ukraine and the Pacific Northwest, as well as higher grain merchandising volumes in Europe, which, last year, was impacted by the smaller crops in the Black Sea. Sugar & bioenergy reported a loss of $33 million versus a profit of $2 million in the prior year. The first quarter is the inter-harvest period in Brazil, and our mills are not operating. During this period, we sold product that has been carried over from the previous crop. Due to the low harvest last year, the industry carried in ethanol inventories at a high cost. Prices did not increase to compensate for this as they were pressured by the reduction in the gasoline blend rate from 25% to 20% and the presence of imported ethanol from the U.S. Fertilizer EBIT was a loss of $74 million in the quarter versus a $1 million loss in the prior year. The loss of $74 million includes the $27 million notable item discussed earlier. The majority of the remaining loss of $47 million was due to our Brazilian business and our Moroccan joint venture. The Brazilian loss was mainly due to weak margins, primarily caused by declining international prices. While contribution margins were positive, they were not high enough to cover our industrial and selling, general and administrative cost. Our Moroccan results were also impacted by lower margins and by a plant shutdown for scheduled maintenance. Our foods business EBIT was $48 million versus $67 million in the prior year. Corn milling performed well and was ahead of the prior year. Our edible oils and wheat milling businesses performed below prior year. Both our Brazilian edible oil and wheat milling businesses experienced lower volumes as we lost some sales opportunities due to the implementation of the new SAP system. Additionally, our Brazilian edible oils business had higher advertising and marketing expenses as we invested in the growth of our brands. Our U.S. edible oils business also performed below prior year. Our new food acquisitions are performing well. Let's turn to Page 5 and the balance sheet. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong. During the quarter, our working capital increased $533 million due to a $635 million increase in inventories, reflecting higher commodity prices. Our net debt increased by $774 million -- $747 million, primarily to finance those inventories. Importantly, especially given the current market environment and the opportunities it should present, we have $2.1 billion of committed and unused debt capacity. Let's turn to Page 6 and the cash flow statement. Funds from operation were $196 million, primarily composed of net income plus depreciation and amortization. The $498 million change in operating assets and liabilities is primarily the increase in inventories due to the higher commodity prices mentioned earlier. Our capital expenditures of $224 million are in line with plan. Let's turn to Page 7 and our outlook. Overall, we are feeling very good about 2012. Agribusiness is off to a good start, and the trends are turning more favorable. Food is on pace for another solid year, and the first quarter problems experienced by sugar & bioenergy and fertilizer should be behind us. Let's take a look at each business individually. In agribusiness, global demand for grains, proteins and oils is on track. Crops in South America are coming in below expectations. But in Brazil, it will still be a record corn crop, and there will be enough soy to maintain crushing for export until the beginning of the Northern harvest. Farmer selling has picked up with the increase in prices and the weakening of the real. We expect large North American crops, good export demand and higher utilization rates in our processing and grain operations. In Europe, the rate in wheat crops may be smaller, but they will be compensated by larger sunseed and corn crops. Overall, in the Northern Hemisphere, margins should strengthen. Demand in Asia remains strong, and margins are improving. Based on the crop discussions I just discussed in the Northern Hemisphere, volumes in our grain business should be strong, and we will get the benefit of our new ports in Ukraine, which we acquired last year; and the Pacific Northwest, which began operations during the first quarter. Overall, it is shaping up to be a strong second half in agribusiness. In sugar, the key factor is the size of the sugarcane harvest. We are projecting our sugarcane crush to be 17 million to 18 million tons, reflecting our crop evaluations and the impact of some dry weather in February and March. Over this annual crop cycle, which begins in April and ends in March of 2012, we expect to hit our target of $8 to $10 EBIT per ton. However, for the calendar year, we'll be slightly below this target as we will not be able to fully compensate for the first quarter loss. It is also important to note that current ethanol prices are in line with our expectations, and we will now begin selling new crop production rather than the higher-cost product carried in from the prior year. All of our mills are operating. Please remember that our results will be heavily weighted toward the second half of the year. This happens as the cane harvested early in the harvest period, which is our second quarter, has a lower sugar content than the cane harvested later on. We are continuing our aggressive planting program to match our sugarcane capacity to our industrial capacity. To this end, we are planning to plant more than 70,000 hectares of cane during 2012. Our food & ingredients business is on track for another solid year. Over the last 1.5 years, we have made a number of acquisitions of businesses closely related to our core food businesses. They have been quickly integrated and are producing positive results. In fertilizers, the positive macro trends remain in place. Strong farmer economics and the need for large crops encourage optimizing fertilizer application. This should lead to large volumes and, combined with stabilizing international prices, return sufficient structural margins to the business. This will be primarily seen in the second half of the year when South America enters its peak buying season. We expect fertilizers' full year results to exceed 2011's. Overall, our expectations for 2012 are higher than they were at the start of the year. The increased earnings potential we see in agribusiness and foods will more than offset the first quarter shortfall in sugar & bioenergy and fertilizer. We expect a strong second half for all our businesses. We are now happy to take questions, and John will assist us in doing that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Drew, maybe you can address this. I was a little surprised at the disruption from SAP in food. And I'm just curious, maybe you can provide any color, is that a significant cost? And maybe give any detail of around where you are in the process of implementing that?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, let me start with the last thing you asked. All of the problems that we incurred are behind us. They have been fixed, and the implementation is up to date. As you know, Brazil has a complicated local tax structure, and getting that exactly right to be able to process all our shipments on a timely basis was difficult for the first weeks that we had the new system up and running. That is behind us somewhat now. It's hard to give you a precise number for the impact of what it was, because I would be assuming how much we would've slowed if we didn't have to settle down. But it could be in the $10 million range.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. So going forward, it could be, conceptually, a net benefit as things -- you actually get the benefits of the SAP system in -- and that [indiscernible] the results?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. We're actually very excited to be bringing our Brazil business onto SAP. Because, as you know, that type of enterprise management system gives you a great chance to increase productivity and make the operations better on an ongoing basis. It's just unfortunate that we had to go through some difficulties in the initial startup. But overall, we think it'll be a great addition to our business.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just on fertilizer, you mentioned that you think you can get back to, I guess, better than 2000 levels by year-end. I'm just wondering if you can provide any impact or quantification of the impact of the high-cost inventory there? Where you are generally in inventories as we head into the key selling season? Is that going to -- volumes could be obviously very good as farmer demand has been good. But if you're carrying high-cost inventory, it doesn't seem like you're going to see much margin benefit there.
Alberto Weisser: Obviously, we have worked on our model in fertilizer, and we have had a much better performance already on the risk side. But when you have crops like we had this time in many of the inputs, it is very difficult to manage it. But as we have reduced significantly our inventory cash cycle time, most of it is already through the system. We have a little bit of it in April, but that is why we -- most of it is out. So we feel quite confident for the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess to start on sugar. One thing that I'm a little confused on is the fact that the blend rate was lowered last fall, and a lot of the contracting for U.S. imports was done last summer. So, I guess, why wasn't it anticipated that the ethanol situation would be different this inter-harvest season versus last year? And so why did Bunge carry over so much inventory?
Alberto Weisser: Oh, we have the normal type of inventory. And what -- the only big difference was that at this time of the year, we expect an increase in the ethanol price. And it did not exactly happened and for a couple of weeks, because of the concentration of the ethanol that came from the U.S., there was even a drop over 5, 6 weeks. So kind of concentrating it at the same time. But it is -- more or less, we were expecting this. We were -- did not expect it to have a profit in this quarter, but it was a little bit more relevant.
Andrew J. Burke: Christina, I think the one thing I would add to that is we did not make a commercial decision to carry extra inventories in the quarter. We do a lot of our ethanol business under contracts, and what we carried into the quarter was the amount of ethanol we needed to satisfy those contracts.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And they weren't -- the contracts weren't priced, I guess.
Andrew J. Burke: No, they're non-priced. They're quantity-type of contracts that price at market.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then, I guess, just so we're clear, because I feel like this is a segment we're consistently off, so the harvest starts in April, you have lower sugar content. Are you going to be able to make money in the second quarter in sugar?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Small, but we will.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then now, when we think about the whole year, it's 17 million to 18 million metric tons in volume and then probably more. We're doing our numbers on a calendar basis more like $7 a ton in EBIT?
Andrew J. Burke: We don't give precise guidance, but that logic is correct.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, Alberto, can you talk about agribusiness? Because I know you characterize it as strong. But when I look back over the last several quarters and I think of Bunge as different today given the footprint and the additional facilities that you have, to me, it looks weak. The weakest since that kind of snafu you had in the second quarter of '10. So I guess I don't really know how it was strong. And then -- then how would you characterize strong for the rest of the year? What are the things that -- what are the drivers and how are margins, if you can kind of go around the world?
Alberto Weisser: The first quarter for Bunge is always the weakest, and we performed, on this quarter, better than the fourth quarter of 2011. That gives an indication. And so it is normally the end of the Northern Hemisphere's cycle. So crush margins were -- have improved, but they were below the long-term trends. So we've felt that our performance in the first quarter was better than we thought it would happen at the beginning of the year and as we finished the fourth quarter. So that is why we feel it was good. And the reason we feel good about the rest of the year is that it is -- there's better margins in the -- in U.S. It's also in China. There are obviously issues with the rapeseed in Europe. But also, we feel the way the fundamentals are with strong demand and a not excessive large crop in South America will allow good performance in the Northern Hemisphere in the fourth quarter. All of this was a little bit different and less positive during -- in February when we had the fourth quarter call.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Christina, the one reason -- or let me, as a reminder, going into this quarter, we didn't expect a good performance out of the U.S., which is more usually one of our stronger performance or performers in the quarter, as they're at the tail of the crop. But if you remember, the crop was not good last year. So the earnings opportunities weren't there, nor did we expect them to be there. So that's why we do feel it was a solid quarter based on what we did expect to happen. But we never expected it to be a record quarter or a big quarter because market conditions just weren't there.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And just last question, Alberto, given the situation in Argentina with Bunge-specific, the soybean industry and then the nationalization of YPF, I know you're investing in a corn wet mill. Can you talk about -- I mean, does it make sense to invest in incremental dollar in Argentina right now?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that our industry is different, Christina. It is a very competitive industry, has always invested and is investing a lot. It's competitive. And it is a very important contributor to the efficiency of this system. I think it is different.
Operator: Our next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a quick one on sugar. I get that the weather is obviously something that you can't control. I was curious at this stage in the game, as you think back to last year where weather risks also became apparent in the size of your sugarcane output. What's -- how would you frame the risks that we have, the more continued downward revisions to potential crushing output this year as we saw in soybeans across the year with sort of consecutive downward revision? Are we far enough along in terms of the pace of the harvest to have a high degree of confidence that the 17 million to 18 million tons is the right number?
Alberto Weisser: I would say yes. We have a very good level of confidence. And the difference is that 2010 was significantly drought. Just remember, there were even fires. So this was a very, very significant problem as one of these -- every 20 years time of situation. That is one situation. The second one is we already are in the third year of significant planting and replanting. And you remember, we inherited some of the plantations from Moema where it was under-invested. So the quality of the agronomics are significantly higher. So our level of confidence is continually going up.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And pointing to the low end of it, sort of long-term $8 to $10 a ton profit range, is that just a function of the fixed cost you leverage in the mill as you get lower crushing?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. If you look at the $8 to $10 range, there are a number of variables that we would have to consider. I would say, as you go up in the range from a cost standpoint, we get more effective and you move up to the upper end of the range. And at the lower part, you'll be at the lower. That's correct. But there are also inherent price assumptions in that range and a number of other assumptions that are important for the model. But for this year, we're very comfortable that we'll be there in longer-term as we move up the capacities, while our projections show us that, that range is very realistic.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And last one before I turn it over. Hearing some chatter about a potential for price caps on soybean oil in China. Are you hearing stuff along those lines? And what would be the implications for your business?
Alberto Weisser: No, we are not hearing anything like that. Now obviously, if there are some limitations, it always has an impact. We have had it before and -- but we don't hear anything.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wanted to start off, Alberto, with kind of a big picture. 1Q results are weaker than consensus expected and my expectations. And I think it's obviously, just looking at the stock reaction, it spooks people. But did I hear you guys right in saying that even with these results, you see the full year better than you did 3 months ago, and you believe that 2012 is ahead of the 2011 results in sum total? Can you discuss this just a little bit?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We feel, today, more comfortable, more confident about 2012 than we felt in February. And we think that agribusiness will offset the shortfalling of fertilizer and sugar & bioenergy. So our level of confidence has increased.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And the reason why this is so different than, say, the first quarter trend, is -- is it correct to say that the sugar business results and the Fertilizer results are largely confined to the first quarter? And then as we get that new sugar crop, literally it's old crop, new crop, the dynamic changes, the margins change significantly in sugar because of that reason; and in fertilizer, you just don't have this high-cost inventory that's going to drag your results down in the future quarters. Is that a correct statement?
Alberto Weisser: It is correct. But I would add also that the picture has improved in the area of agribusiness, which obviously is, for us, the most important division. And margins are higher in oilseed processing and the outlook for margins, both in oilseed and in grains and also, in terms of volumes, are better as we look into the year. And also, as we are deeper into the year, we have more visibility of the impacts on sugar & bioenergy and also in fertilizer.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And Alberto, I fully agree with your comments that Agribusiness is the bulk of the operation. Yet I will tell you that from the outside perspective, there's an incredible amount of searching or inspection that investors are doing on the sugar and fertilizer operations, even though they are quite smaller. So it's these things that are almost somewhat of a distraction, given the performance in agribusiness and the direction of that operation. On risk management, and specifically in fertilizer, do you guys think your risk management is performing up to par against what it should be doing in fertilizer?
Alberto Weisser: I think it is. In terms of fertilizer, you are right to see that when you think about what is the importance of fertilizer for the whole of Bunge, it is very important. But it's a very important component linked to agribusiness. But as a percentage of the whole, it is not that important. Now when you look at the drop in input prices that occurred and when you see how we performed, I think it has showed that we managed as good as we can. We have to remember that we have not found yet a solution how to hedge inventory. We have reduced significantly the cash cycle, the time, the amount of inventories we have. At the same time, we have been able to increase our volume this year. We have increased our market share. But that portion, we have not completely solved yet. And we continue looking for opportunities. But I feel it is well done, as good as it can be done. And in terms of sugar, we have to remember, let us get to our full capacity of agriculture, and then we will see it. And we feel quite confident there.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: One more comment on fertilizer. You made this statement that you expect full year results to exceed 2011. There is a lot of room in there relative to -- I believe, that the historic comments you've made is profitability in fertilizer normalized $75 million to $100 million, something like that. Being better than 2011 would seemingly be a relatively easy challenge, given what it produced. Can you be more specific? And I mean, there's too much room in here for me, I don't know what you're trying to tell me on fertilizer profitability. Is it getting close to this target profitability on a full year basis, $75 million, $100 million? Or are we still way off the pace because of the first quarter result here?
Andrew J. Burke: I think, David, we still think on an annual run rate we can get to that $75 million to $100 million type of number. We do not believe we can get to it this year, the $75 million -- $74 million loss if you include the notable item, $50 million without it in the first quarter is quite large. We think we'll be able to recover that, but not recover that and get back to the type of numbers we've given you. And so I think, longer term, our run rate target hasn't changed. The business at times has shown it can do that. This period with the drop in the international prices has set it back. As Alberto said, we continue to search for methods to hedge that, but we have not found a satisfactory method. But when our Fertilizer business is up and running and doing well, it can make the $75 million to $100 million. I think if you analyze the performance through the second half of the year, you'll get numbers up in that range, maybe even a little better.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just final question for me is back to -- some other folks are asking a little bit about this, the 17 million to 18 million metric tons in sugar. Since you are clearly into the harvest right now, I think one of the last questions, I forget who asked this, but potential for further reductions. Generally, once you're into harvest, what are the chances for further reductions? Do you have a pretty ironclad view that the 17 million to 18 million is very firm because you're actually cutting the cane now?
Alberto Weisser: Go ahead.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, when you look at it, harvest -- when you start harvest, the cane isn't finished growing. The sugar matures throughout the harvest. That is why, in the first portion of the harvest, you get the lower sugar yields. And in the later period, the yields are higher. So weather continues to remain important and can affect the crop either way. We've made reasonable assumptions on the weather. I think there's room for a little bit of downside, but there's probably also room for a little bit of upside if the weather is perfect. But the weather question isn't answered till maybe the September time period, something like that.
Alberto Weisser: You also have to remember that the long-term trend of yield is above 80 tons per hectare and all the way to around 85. And what we have seen is something in the low 70s. So there is room on that part as well on the yield side.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: If I sort of was digesting all of this conversation on fertilizer properly, what it sounds like to me is that the $75 million to $100 million of EBIT in fertilizer is really achievable only in a situation where prices are flat because of the tie-in with the agribusiness and your need to barter fertilizer for beans. You have to have a certain amount of inventory on hand at all times, which puts you at risk to volatile price movements. Obviously, this can be a good thing too, right, if prices spike. But if -- so am I correct? Let me just start there. Is that a correct statement or no?
Alberto Weisser: It's correct. So there is upside potential when prices go up and downside when prices drop. So the $75 million to $100 million is on most stabilized prices.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So then it's also reasonable to assume there would be periods of -- there'll be 12-month periods where it could be over the $75 million to $100 million or no?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, right. That's helpful. Secondly, when we think about the sugar business, there's a fair amount of debate out there right now about what the floor price for sugar is and where the breakeven cost of production in Brazil has gone. And it sounds like it's actually gone up quite substantially in recent years, I think, when you got into the sugar business in a big way. We used to talk about a $0.14 sugar price as sort of the floor. And now, we were down in Brazil, and we're meeting with people, and then people were talking about a $0.20 or $0.22 breakeven cost now. Do you have any thoughts on that?
Alberto Weisser: We share with you -- we share this with you. Same thoughts.
Andrew J. Burke: $0.20 to $0.22.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: $0.20 to $0.22. And the driver between the $0.14 and the $0.22, in your view, what's caused that increase?
Alberto Weisser: It's a mixture of exchange rate but also costs locally. Fertilizer have gone up, energy has gone up, labor cost has gone up. So it's local inflation, but also the exchange rate.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe as a last question, and I know you don't give guidance and I know this is a question that sort of can imply guidance, but how should we be thinking about your return on invested capital this year in terms of -- do you think you'll make a material improvement in that ratio this year? Obviously, there are moving parts in it in terms of what the balance sheet looks like as well. But any general comments there?
Alberto Weisser: I think we will be getting close to cost of capital.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Not above this year?
Alberto Weisser: We hope so. And we are working very hard to get above. But...
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Miller Tabak.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Can you give us an update on how the port facility in the Pacific Northwest is ramping?
Alberto Weisser: It is operating well now. We have unloaded many rail cars and loaded a couple of ships. Obviously it's early part, so we are still in the fine-tuning. But we are happy with where we are.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: And when do you think that will start materially contributing results?
Alberto Weisser: It will be very important when the harvest starts in the second half of the year.
Tim J. Tiberio - Miller Tabak + Co., LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just one final question. I had heard some discussion around Brazil potentially increasing the flex blend from 20% to 25%. I don't know if that was just a rumor going around. But just wondering if you think there is a probability of that happening this year and whether that factors into your more positive outlook for the second half?
Alberto Weisser: I think the main issue is that there is not enough ethanol in the domestic market for this to happen at this stage. So the reason it was reduced from 25% to 20% was because there is not enough ethanol. So I think there is a potential for more incentives to expand ethanol, which would mean a higher price for ethanol, and then we could see a scenario like that. But at the moment, what is needed is more incentives for expansion of production. And that is not there yet. So gas prices would have to be a little bit higher to accomplish that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow from Bank of Montreal.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a couple of questions. One is when you guys talk about the improving agribusiness environment, can we just talk about the South American issue? Because there's a couple of issues down there that seems to be kind of weighing on the outlook in [indiscernible] if you can kind of help us clear that up a little bit. First, I get that the South American Brazilian crop is going to actually get -- is coming in there for your margins is going to be higher once they come in at the typical seasonality of it. But can you talk about the duration of this relative to historical lows, right? Because the crop is actually coming in smaller. So is it possible that the positive impact from the Brazilian crop coming in will actually be smaller duration than normal? And how do you make up that profit somewhere else around the world?
Alberto Weisser: I would say the size of the South American crop is large, but it is not too large like it looked at the beginning. So it is at the right amount, so that is why we have been performing well. There is a -- we have to remember, there has, over the last couple of years, been a significant increase in domestic demand in Brazil. And so -- both in meal and in oil. So the structure has improved domestically inside Brazil. At the same time, the crop is big enough to satisfy the local and export needs. But it's not too big, that's what we are saying. If it would have been too big, it would have affected the Northern Hemisphere, especially the U.S. crop or the U.S. export potential. Now there will be business opportunities for the U.S. to export.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you give us parameters, what is considered too big and what is considered too small?
Alberto Weisser: Too big would be if it would have a long tail into the Northern Hemisphere crop.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And if it was too small -- like what would make you nervous if it got too small?
Alberto Weisser: I think we have basically harvested already Brazil, and we are at the end of the Argentine harvest. So we know what it is there. So it is enough for...
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But going forward, like for next, not for this year -- but if I look forward next year, because it seems like the crops, whatever size they are, they come in -- you kind of say, "Look, Bunge's business now has kind of worked pretty well now what the crop size is." But like -- if I look at next year or the year after, what do you consider too small? What do you consider too big? Like -- I'm just trying to figure out what your sweet spot is.
Alberto Weisser: What you have to remember, Ken, is that the world needs the South American -- especially soybeans but also the grains. So the demand is growing at 4%. So year-after-year, we need some 10 million tons more of the beans. So we should continue seeing growth there.
Andrew J. Burke: I think, Ken, it's hard to give you a precise answer to your question because it depends where the world's supply and demand balance sheets are and how much product is in stock. With the reduction in the bean crop this year in South America, as you come -- their season is going to end earlier, so there's going to be a lot stronger pull on the U.S. crop to fill that need and potentially enough of pull on the new U.S. crop that you're going to need a big South American crop, and they're going to have -- and the U.S. is going to have to stop crushing earlier because they're going to be exporting at a higher rate earlier in the season. So that could be very good for South America. And then we want a crop at least the size to get us through to the next North American harvest. So it's a very bullish scenario for soybeans and a very bullish scenario for where our assets are situated.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: But the window, though, for this crop is going to be smaller?
Andrew J. Burke: The window for the South American crop will be smaller because they won't have the product to keep exporting as long as they have. But we do think there are sufficient supplies that they can fill the export demand until the U.S. crop can come up and start running and then they will fill the gap. You won't have the overlap between the 2 crops for the extended period you had before. Typically, both are in the market at the same time. This year, it won't be precisely sequential, but it'll be more sequential than overlapping.
Alberto Weisser: And that is the reason why the margins have expanded.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. In Argentina, I guess I'm kind of more of the camp that Argentina margins don't look so great, and they don't look like they're going to go anywhere given the whole issue between Spain and Argentina. Can you talk to that? And again, how do you make it up somewhere around the world? Because I think -- it sounds like the Brazilian side of it is more debatable between you guys and us. But I think the Argentine side is probably less debatable. So you've got to make the profit up somewhere else. Can you talk about that?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that the biggest risk is in the issue of export of biodiesel to Spain. And we feel that, that drop in profitability will be offset by increase in the margins in Spain and the rest of the Mediterranean. So more or less, we expect it to be offset because Spain will need to get the biodiesel from somewhere. At the moment we are not operating our biodiesel plant in Spain. So it could start at any moment.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And the last question I had is on sugar. Look, just hearing from all the questions, it sounds like obviously the breakeven costs have actually gone up, the sugar prices have come down, your size of your crop has come down. But yet $8 to $10 margin on a run rate is kind of where you're looking -- it sounds like $7 are going to be for the year. But it's hard for me to kind of figure out how the $8 and $10 -- if the structure has gone, if the cost structure has gone up, the price did come down. How do you rectify all that? Like why is that $8 to $10 still the right bogey?
Alberto Weisser: The proof really is that the sugar prices are today at $0.24 per pound or, plus/minus, could be a little bit less. And so -- and they are not where they used to be at $9. And why is that? It's because there needs to be enough profitability for the farmer to expand. So this is what we talked earlier in the call, which is something between $0.20, $0.22 per pound. Otherwise, we will not see an expansion. And that is why -- you need to have an incentive. So there is demand in the world for the sugar. There is demand for ethanol. So there has to be the prices to justify the expansion.
Alberto Weisser: And I think, Ken, a couple of specifics. When we talk about higher cost, that -- those are costs that were carried in from last year's crop when we were in the 14 million to 15 million ton range of production. If we get back to the 17 million to 18 million where we were, I think our core structure is broadly in line with where we thought it was. So there was not a decline there. The other thing to note when you look at the sugar price as it pertains to our business price, the real price is arguably more important than the dollar price. So while you've had sugar prices drop in dollars, they have not really moved that much in reals because the reals has gone the other way. So I understand your points, but I don't think our cost structure has changed significantly, and the price point has not changed significantly. And remember, on the sugar side, we do have a hedging program in place. So we're not always subject to the current sugar price.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. And your optimism is founded in forecasting or in current fundamentals that you're seeing?
Andrew J. Burke: I think -- it's a mix of both. I mean, we're a lot surer on what our crop is for this year now. We know where our hedging programs are. We know where ethanol prices seem to settle. So it's a combination of those things that we've seen put into a forecast for the year. Right? So I'm not sure which difference you are. But -- people are trying to get at this earlier. You get your first real good look at the crop in April and then you have the finishing weather. But it's not as important as the weather probably before April. So we've got a pretty good idea on the 17 million to 18 million tons. But I can't sit here and tell you finishing weather won't affect it. We have a pretty good idea of what our costs are for the upcoming season, and we know where we're hedged. So we put all those into the model and come out to the range that we've been indicating on the phone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ian Horowitz from Topeka Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Two just real quicker, Alberto. The $0.20 to $0.22 a pound for profitability, is that both for processing as well as at the farm gate? In other words, that kind of price would -- you're saying would also promote hectare expansion? Is that correct?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, quickly, we've talked a little bit about Argentina and then -- can you just talk a little bit about this Brazil and the IOF situation? We've been hearing some conversations of extension. The change in duration of this IOF issue is going to change the way foreign investors invest in capital spending or -- as well as working capital such as sugar assets. Do you see any of that? Or can you comment at all on that?
Andrew J. Burke: We are obviously very close to that issue because it has an impact on our operations. It may change the way we do some things, but we don't expect it to have a significant impact on either our operations or our financials.
Ian Horowitz - Topeka Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Does it change the breakeven of the sugar crop?
Andrew J. Burke: No.
Alberto Weisser: No, not at all.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler from Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I just want to ask -- follow-up on the agribusiness. The change that's different from what your outlook was at the beginning of the year is that supplies in South America are a little bit tighter. Is that correct? I felt like by February, you already kind of knew that the estimates were going to be below what the USDA was forecasting. Is that it?
Alberto Weisser: Not really, because Argentina really starts at that time, the crop. And Paraguay saw the -- you really have the picture only very clear in the middle of March, end of March. That's number one. The second -- that's one part that gives us the indication. Secondly, also, we needed to see how the impact of the winter kill was in Europe. In addition, we needed to see how -- very important is how the margins performed. And margins improved both in U.S. and China. So it is -- there are significantly more factors that are coming to the picture.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. But going back to I guess Ken Zaslow's question, if margins improved in North America and China -- or I'm assuming they were probably worse in South America then. So I guess net, they were that much better than the losses or the decline you were seeing in South America? Is that the net benefit overall?
Andrew J. Burke: I think you've got processing margins, but you also have handling margins. And export capacity is going to run at very high levels, both in South America and in North America and Europe during this period. Because when they are the producing region, they're going to have to run at very high capacities, both in processing and handling. So it'll move through. I think, Alberto referred to the winter kill. If you get less wheat in the world, you're going to have higher soybean meal consumption because wheat won't be used as much in feed rations, and that is favorable for meal. So it's a variety of factors around those crops. I don't know that I would simply say a certain size crop matters. It really matters what it does to capacity utilization and the pull on our system at any one point in time instead of an absolute crop number. And the Brazilian crush margins have been fine. So I think we're comfortable and our view is changing because of the way the crops are lining up and the way it's putting a pull on our system to get the product in the places the customers need it.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then in terms of the 17 million to 18 million metric tons for cane, you're assuming that the rest of the year, there's normal weather? Drew, is that fair? Because you said there could be some upside or downside to that.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, it's fair.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. When we say normal weather, it is -- they are also -- we plan for some issues because you always have some issues. So it is all kind of -- there are going to be pockets of problems here and there. So that is why there might -- yes, normal weather.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of the planting, I mean, have you done any yet for this year? I mean, you plan to get 18-month cane right now? Or have you -- are you just starting planting like 12-month cane right now?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. The planting is going as expected, much better this year than it was last year.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So have you planted 18-month cane recently?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we have. We have been planting every day.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And I'm assuming, getting to -- you're assuming normal weather again for getting to your 70,000 -- 7,000 hectare target?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then just last on fertilizer. I've -- when you had changed that business, you had made a change in terms of -- when you took inventories, you were allowed to price your retail prices closer to the spot market and that would potentially become a pasture business and that you wouldn't have wild swings where you'd be below the normalized range or above the normalized range, going back to Vincent's question? Is that not true?
Alberto Weisser: It is. We dramatically improved it. But you have to remember that there's quite a long lead time to get the products to -- to have it in place. So they come from Canada, from Russia, from all over the place to inside Brazil. So on average, we need to have a turn, an inventory turn of something like 45 to 60 days, which is a dramatic improvement from the past when it had to be 5 to 6 months. So we did improve it. But we still have to carry the risk, the price risk for these 2 month. So we can't -- we have not found a way to hedge it yet. So that is the problem.
Operator: Your next question comes from Christine Healy from Scotia Capital.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Just a couple of questions for you. First, there's been some recent reports that Bunge is looking to expand in Russia. Just hoping, can you talk about the political climate in the country right now and how open the government appears to be with foreign investment in the ag sector?
Alberto Weisser: We have continued looking for opportunities to expand our business. We have started some -- something like a little bit over -- around 10 years ago and continue expanding. And obviously, there are issues like we have in every parts where we operate. But we have felt quite receptive. So we continue looking for opportunities to expand.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Do you know what the timing is for a decision on United Grain?
Alberto Weisser: We don't talk about rumors. And we, all the time, are looking for opportunities to expand. Organically, greenfield, brownfield acquisitions. So that's the way we look at it.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: Okay. And just a question on just the competitive environment in your industry. Glencore recently bid for Viterra, and today there's reports that Mitsubishi is interested in Gavilon. So I'm just curious to hear what are your views on what impact could be had on the industry by commodity traders moving to own grain infrastructure. Do you expect competition to get tougher? Any impact on margins? That'd be helpful.
Alberto Weisser: I think what it really shows is that the model we have been talking about is the right one. You need to have large operators with -- operating with many products in many geographies, our model. And when you see the kind of movements we are seeing, it's exactly like that. It's a consolidation and companies becoming larger. So I think it is the proof of the model.
Christine Healy - Scotiabank Global Banking and Market, Research Division: You don't expect really any overall impact on industry dynamics with these moves?
Alberto Weisser: I think it is -- long term, it's the right thing, because you need well-capitalized, large companies which has, obviously, the secondary advantage that all need to make money. So there could be a more rational -- should be a more rational behavior.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to talk about the pattern of acquisitions over the past few months. There's been announcements of an investment in Indonesian palm; edible oils in India; a bio products company in Canada, Climate Change Capital; and now kind of these talks about Russia. Do you worry, Alberto, that the company is losing some focus? And you have a sugar investment that's not paying off. Is there a risk here that, that management is getting spread out and needs to -- really should be focused on getting sugar right?
Alberto Weisser: I don't think that we are taking the eye off the ball. I think we are very, very focused. When you look at agribusiness, you can see is, is despite difficulties in the environment, the company is performing very strongly. And when you look at in detail, really, most of the growth is in agribusiness. So when you look at Food Ingredients, which is another area that has been very core of Bunge, we, today, are -- our profitability is 2.5x to 3x bigger where it was 5 years ago. So very, very, very clear focus on returns and growth. So when you think about agribusiness, we, by now, have over 60 crushing plants; over 50 refineries; operating 30 ports; very, very, focused on extracting more value on it. Now obviously, we have to look at also other opportunities. Palm is something that we have been looking at for the last 10 years, and we believe that we are doing the right move. It is small. It's a minority investment, but I think it is right in the center of our strategy. And when you look at some of the other acquisitions, the one in India is exactly strengthening our food & ingredients business in the oil sector. Now obviously, some of the -- that makes noise like we have been for many years in the carbon credit business, that is very close to what we do. So it doesn't -- it's not a major component. But if we are able to strengthen some of our existing businesses, I think that fits very well our strategy. Now coming to sugar, we feel also very comfortable and very confident where we are in. It is very difficult when you have a business that is so high in fixed costs and when you don't have -- and when you're not operating at full capacity. So the difference is going to be when we will operating at full capacity. And we are very confident that we will be able to reach our targets.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And let me ask the follow-up on sugar and -- I was listening to the explanations on what's happening on ethanol, and it strikes me that what Bunge is kind of counting on is that the rest of the sugar industry will actually increase production of ethanol, and that will help crowd out some of the imports that have come in from the U.S. But if the margins are so weak in ethanol, what's the incentive of the industry to increase production to do that?
Alberto Weisser: No, no. We don't -- that's not our view. What we -- we are going what we believe is right. There's very strong demand. We don't need to rely on others. What we demand -- we see the sugar demand growing. We see the ethanol demand growing, and we see the electricity demand growing. All the 3 areas we are in. What we are focusing is all on getting our model right, enough planting so that we can run at full capacity. And the investments we announced in the past is -- we increased to get the balance right. More cogeneration, have the mills operating at the right size so that we can get to our target of 2% points above cost of capital. I think what you were probably referring is there are moments where there are movements in the industry where, perhaps, sometimes, you have too much -- for a short period of time, there is a short term -- there was a couple of weeks where there was a lot of inventory of ethanol, and that had a short impact. I think it was 5 weeks where there was a price which was a little bit lower than we expected on ethanol. But these are normal type of things in the market. I don't know if I got your question right.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Well, what I'm referring to was the government has reduced the blending rate from 25% to 20%, right? And they're doing that because they feel that the industry is not producing enough sugar for domestic consumption. And I think that you -- from the looks of the press release, you want that blending rate to go up again. But it's not going to go up unless other companies produce more ethanol. Is that right?
Alberto Weisser: At the moment, it can't go up because there is not enough ethanol. So everybody else has to invest to have more production of ethanol. There is pent-up demand. So the situation is constructive for our industry. There's much more demand than supply. That is the reason the government had to reduce the blending rate from 25% to 20%. As the supply goes up, there is room for the government to increase again the blending rate from 20% to 25%.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So, Alberto, does that mean that, that reduction from 25% to 20%, that's not really what hurt your business in this quarter or over the last 12 months? It's just -- that has no impact on your business?
Alberto Weisser: It might have been a little bit of timing. But it's a mixture -- it's really -- I would say it's minor. It's probably more a special situation that you had suddenly, a lot of older shipments from ethanol, from the U.S., arrived at the same time. There was a -- and the prices did not go up as expected. It's a mixture of things. You remember that also, because as the crop ended up being shorter last year, so the ending cost of goods sold of ethanol was a little bit higher. So there was that movement. A couple of things that reduced the margins. But remember that we expected this to be more or less where it was. There was a little bit -- the drop in margins was a little bit more than we expected. But we expected the loss in the quarter in sugar & bioenergy.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Market sales prices were pressured by a reduction in ethanol blending rates and increased volume. The way I read the press release is that, that hurt your prices and hurt your margins.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. A couple of questions. The first one is, Alberto and Drew, what do you guys think net capacity additions are industry-wide in oilseeds on a global basis? Are we -- we've got a couple announcements of plant closures in the U.S. I know there's a few companies that are completing some plants that they had started a while ago. And maybe if I can push this question a little bit more, part of it I want to know, what is the net additions globally in oilseed capacities for crushing? And then secondarily, are you hearing anybody announce new greenfield -- making any new greenfield announcements?
Alberto Weisser: The net additions in worldwide are less than the demand. So the capacity utilization should go up over the near future. And we still have excess capacity in China, and we have in U.S. So the reductions of capacity in U.S. is still not enough to bring it completely into balance. In China, it is more a situation that the capacity addition were of very efficient plants. So the very inefficient plants have not been operating or at lower profitability. So the trend is the right one, but we do need -- especially in the U.S., we do need either more capacity reduction or stronger demand increase.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Next question is, a little one. Drew, can you give us some insight on interest expense for the year? CapEx and depreciation? And if you said those, I apologize. I -- there was a lot of things going on.
Andrew J. Burke: I don't have it right in front of me, David. But I think if you annualize interest, you'll come pretty, pretty close. Annualized net interest, you'll come pretty close to what it would be with always the chance that commodity prices, in fact, back that obviously. Where we are with depreciation is about $500 million, $550 million, $575 million, in that range. And what was the third you asked me? I'm sorry.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Capital spending.
Andrew J. Burke: Capital spending, we said about $1 billion, and we're -- $1 billion, $1.2 billion, and we're still on target for that. No big change.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Final question for me is, Alberto -- some people asked this question, but I want to be more deliberate about it, this YPF issue and nationalization. I mean, some investors just asked me, can they -- would the Argentine government ever turn around and try to do this in the grain industry? Can you give us some thoughts about this? I mean, you're awfully close with these folks and have been for a long time. Is this a realistic event that ever, we could wake up one day and find out that part of Bunge's Argentine assets are being nationalized?
Alberto Weisser: I feel quite confident that our industry is different than the energy sector. We have always been a heavy investor all the time. The best plants, state-of-the-art plants are in -- most of them are in Argentina. And it's a very competitive environment. It is -- has always been extremely well integrated with the global system. So I do feel that it's a complete different situation in our industry.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So bottom line, no, you don't -- you feel pretty strongly that this is an isolated situation outside of your business?
Alberto Weisser: I think our industry is different.
Operator: Your next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann from Goldman Sachs.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to talk about the CapEx guidance and then the commentary on growing in selective areas. Can you just talk about your internal decision-making process on putting capital to work in acquisitions? Or capital spending versus buybacks or dividends?
Alberto Weisser: Obviously, this is a very hotly debated internal subject because the industry is an industry with strong growth, organic growth. So we always have much more projects that we have funds available. So the biggest fight internally are for capital allocation. So we privileged a mixture of core business plus highest returns. And so we always look at what brings the highest net present value of future cash flows. So very simple, we do it like that. So that is the way we allocate the different businesses. And I think you saw it very clearly, the fact that we -- the way we increased our business or expanded our business into sugar & bioenergy was with new equity from the outside. We did not sacrifice our cash flow. We did focus on continue growing our agribusiness and food & ingredients business. So this adjacent component of our strategy and now is also core business, at the beginning, had its own funding. So obviously, the other component is that we have a high hurdle rate for the projects, and we have demanding targets for the projects. And the limitation of our CapEx is related to the fact that we want to be a strong BBB company. We are getting there with all the rating agencies, and that's where we think is the sweet spot of what we should be. Obviously, acquisitions have an advantage that normally, you get directly the cash flow from the acquisitions. And we have been very successful in the past with all of the integrations. But we also are very careful because there are some risks. And I think we have shown that we are disciplined in both of the areas. I don't know if that covers your question.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. And then also, do you expect to be free cash flow positive this year?
Alberto Weisser: It really depends always on commodity prices. So if commodity prices do not increase more, or if they give back some of the increases, we should be breakeven on free cash flow.
Operator: The last question comes from Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Drew, just a quick question on Agribusiness SG&A. It was a lot higher than I thought. Is that -- is this $215 million, is that the run rate now that we should be using? Because I thought the real weakened? I mean, yes, weakened year-over-year. So I thought that, that would actually provide some relief for you.
Andrew J. Burke: The real did not have a big effect on this quarter versus the prior quarter. It was pretty immaterial. I would say, our run rate will be a little bit lower than it was in this quarter. We did take some bad debt reserves in the quarter relating to some farmer financing, which goes into the SG&A line. So that pushed it up a little bit. And we have invested a little bit more money in our marketing efforts in Brazil, because we think there's opportunity there. So the run rate would be somewhat lower than it was in the quarter.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the bad debt was for farmers now? Or was this back like the '05, '06 stuff?
Andrew J. Burke: There are actually 2 that comprise most of it. One was current and more a customer than a farmer. The other one was older from '05, '06, and it involved the fact that the collateral turned out to have less value than we expected.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Mark Haden: John, thank you. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Drew Burke - Chief Financial Officer and Global Operational Excellence Officer Mark Haden - Investor Relations
Analysts: Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Diane Geissler - CLSA David Driscoll - Citigroup Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christine Healy - Scotia Capital Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Welcome to the Q4 2011 Bunge Limited Earnings Conference Call. My name is Monica and I'll be your operator for today's call. (Operator Instructions) Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now turn the call over to Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Monica, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Relations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto, and he'll begin with slide three.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. In 2011 Bunge produced strong results in agribusiness, edible oils and milling with a record full year combined EBIT of over $1.1 billion. However, results in our sugar and bio-energy segment were negatively impacted by back to back years of poor weather in Brazil that materially reduced cane volumes and hence our results. In fertilizer we made progress transitioning our Brazilian business to a standalone blending distribution business, but volumes are still behind our targets. We reorganized the team and structure of the business, improved risk management and filled gaps in our facility footprint. But we are still working on finding the right balance between volume growth and acceptable risk. We expect to get it right in 2012. Slide four, in 2011, we made important investments in new businesses and regions, and took steps to strengthen our core operations. These actions helped position us well for the future. During the year we entered into joint ventures in palm in Indonesia, agribusiness in South Africa, corn wet milling in Argentina, oilseed processing in Paraguay, and open grain handling facilities in Mexico. Slide five, in our core business we announced the acquisition of food operations in India and Brazil, acquired margarine business in U.S., acquired a new port terminal in grain handling facility in Ukraine, acquired new grain handling facilities in U.S., and expanded sugarcane planting and cogeneration in Brazil. Slide six, looking forward, we see some challenges but also see very positive signs for 2012, and expect to achieve good results. I feel very good about where we are at Bunge, we have the strongest balance sheet in decades, a superb team, strong network and strong market positions, and an ever growing geographic footprint. This gives me the confidence we will continue growing and performing well. Now we will turn over the call to Drew who will discuss our fourth quarter financial results in 2012 outlook.
Drew Burke: Thank you, Alberto, and good morning. Let's turn to page seven in the earnings highlights. For the full year Bunge had diluted earnings per share excluding certain gains and charges of $5.80 versus $4.13 in the prior year. Our segment EBIT was $1,154 million versus $3,228 million in the prior year. The prior year included a gain of $2.4 billion on the sale of our fertilizer nutrient business. After adjusting for this year’s gain, our year-over-year EBIT demonstrated strong growth driven by our agribusiness and food and ingredient businesses. Turning to the fourth quarter, total segment EBIT was $273 million versus $381 million in 2010. The fourth quarter 2010 performance was exceptional. It was driven by our grain merchandizing business which utilized its global network and origination capabilities to supply alternative sources of product necessitated by the drought in the Black Sea. Fourth quarter 2011 volumes of 39 million tons were significantly higher than the prior year and were driven by new investments coming online in our grains and oil seed businesses and higher merchandizing volumes in the Black Sea region. Our agribusiness EBIT in the quarter was $203 million versus $377 million in the prior year. Decline was primarily due to the reduction in grain merchandizing profits. Oilseed processing results were better than the prior year as higher results in Asia, Europe and South America more than offset weaker results in the United States. Sugar and bio-energy results were a profit $3 million versus a loss of $56 million in the prior year. Our industrial business performed better than prior year on increased volumes and prices. While higher than 2010, milling volumes were negatively impacted by current and prior year weather problems. Our 2011 planting program was completed in the quarter and should allow us to produce significantly higher volumes next year. Merchandizing results were slightly lower than 2010. Food and ingredients profits increased from $59 million in 2010 to $70 million in 2011. This increase was driven by our corn and rice milling businesses in North America. Edible oil results were in line with the prior year. Results in Europe improved considerably when compared to the second and third quarters of 2011 as both prices and volumes were higher. Fertilizer had a loss of $3 million in the quarter, compared with a profit of $1 million in the prior year. Market conditions were more challenging in the quarter as margins contracted. Net income for the quarter is $254 million versus $301 million in the prior year. For the full year, net income was $942 million versus $2,354 million in the prior year. The prior year amount includes $1.9 billion related to the profit on the sale of the fertilizer nutrients business. Turning to page eight and the balance sheet. Our financial condition continues to be very strong. Our balance sheet continues to strengthen and we have significant liquidity available. Our working capital usage has declined approximately $1.5 billion primarily due to lower inventories resulting from lower commodity prices and inventory levels. Our total debt has decreased $800 million to $4.1 billion. At year-end we had $3 billion of available and unused credit lines. Turning to page nine in the cash flow statement. Cash provided by operations was $2.6 billion in 2011. Funds from operation was $1,373 million primarily consisting of net income of $942 million, plus depreciation, depletion amortization of $526 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided $1, 241 million as a result of our lower working capital usage. Cash provided by operations was primarily used for capital expenditures of $1,125 million and debt reduction of $800 million. Let’s turn to page ten in the outlook for 2012. We expect another good year in 2012 but we have some challenges. Agribusiness and food and ingredient should again be solid. Sugar should make a significant step forward as our planting program allows us to operate at a much higher level and begin to reach our earnings potential. Fertilizer remains on track and should show significant improvement as we move towards the year. Turning to the chart, in agribusiness, our grain merchandising business should continue to grow as we expect strong plantings, large crops and increased global trade. Our new investments in export terminals in the Ukraine and Longview, Washington, will be fully on-stream and add to our volumes. Oil seed processing has a mixed outlook. In the near term, European rapeseed and U.S. soy crushing are facing challenges but they should see some improvement with the next harvest. On the other hand, margin remains strong in Europe for sunseeds and Canadian canola processing margins are also performing well. South American margins should strengthen with the new crop. Asia demand remains strong but conditions continue to be volatile -- but margins continue to be volatile. Turning to page 11. We expect to see improvement our sugar and bioenergy business. Our 2011 planting program should allow us to crush 17 to 19 million tons next year, versus 14 million tons this year. While that is still short of our capacity of 21 million tons, it represents a significant increase from this year and a business with a large fixed cost base. We expect demand for our products to remain robust in 2012, as a reminder the sugar business profitability is heavily weighted towards the second half of the year due to the crop cycle. Food and ingredients should have another solid year in 2012, our growth rate will be enhanced by the results of our acquisition of the North American margarine business and our Brazilian tomato business in 2011. And the Indian edible oils acquisition we expect to close shortly. We expect our fertilizer business to make significant improvement in 2012 as the actions taken in 2011 take hold. We should continue to see reduced cost and we expect increased volumes as we move through the year. This business is also weighted towards the second half of the year, reflecting former buying patterns. In conclusion, we look forward to 2012. While the macroeconomic situation is uncertain, there are reasons to expect a degree of resilience in our business due to the nature of our products. Our businesses are well positioned, our agribusiness and food and ingredients divisions have consistently performed well in a variety of market conditions, and we will have their growth accelerated by the new investments and acquisitions. Sugar and bioenergy should have enough cane available to begin to show their earnings potential. While we expect a significantly better year in 2012, we will now reach our full potential in 2013 when we should have enough cane available to crush at full capacity. Fertilizers should hit our targets in 2012. Thank you, and we are now ready to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning. I guess first question is, Drew, when you were talking about the outlook and you said the U.S. and European rapeseed margin should get better with crops. I guess it will get better but they are still below normal, right. There’s still overcapacity there. And maybe, Alberto, if you could talk about crush margins just around the world and what we are looking at in terms of utilization.
Alberto Weisser: Why don’t I start with the crush margins and obviously they were under pressure in the U.S. in the fourth quarter. And much more recently, they have improved because of the reasons is that it’s clearer that the South American crop will not be as large as originally thought because of the drought. And that is shifting some business back to the U.S. And I think there has also been more rational behavior in the industry. Rapeseed, it’s too early to say, but in Europe as the crop -- we expect it to be better when the crop comes in, the harvest. And around the world, sunseeds crush margins are very good. In China they are volatile, but they are okay. In South America the margins are, at the moment, lower because it’s -- the harvest is starting soon. But it should improve. So overall, I would say that the margins are slightly below a normal level. And they are weaker in U.S. but improving.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay, that’s helpful. And then in terms of the South American crop coming in short both corn and soybeans, what does that mean for Bunge?
Alberto Weisser: It is -- you probably have seen today the USDA report, it’s the first estimate. It’s a little bit early because February is an important month. We only will know it by the end of February. But overall, I would say it does not, it has no negative impact. It might be slightly positive because it gives us ample supply in South America but it also gives us the opportunity to start earlier in the northern hemisphere. So the change, the drought, probably doesn’t affect prices but has a better dynamic in terms of margins. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just last question. Drew, in terms of the pattern for 2012, so, seasonally fertilizer, sugar, second half weighted. In terms of agribusiness, how do we think about the weighting throughout the year there?
Drew Burke: Yeah, I think it’s going to be a little bit more second half weighted than we would normally expect. Mainly because the carry forward from the U.S. crop last year is not as strong as historically to profit opportunities in the first half of the year and we expect much more normal fourth quarter in our U.S. businesses. So I think you should look at agribusiness a little more second half oriented than usual.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow of Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thank you. I didn’t hear any commentary about risk management in the quarter and I was just watching the behavior of one of your closest peers, Cargill. Seemed to have a very weak quarter and said that it had a lot to do with the trading environment working against them. Did you make an effort here to kind of take risk off the table and did that help your results, maybe versus some of your peers?
Alberto Weisser: You might remember in the earnings call of the third quarter is when we said we did take at that time already off and we continued to be very, very conservative through the whole fourth quarter. And so that is also because the market, the whole market, was much more difficult and all the players were more risk averse. So farmers slow in selling, customers slow in buying, so we were very, very cautious in the fourth quarter.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. And as you look to 2012, and I know agribusiness is tough to forecast, I imagine that there is no change to that attitude towards risk. The way I would look at it is that means there is probably fewer opportunities for upside on the margins for agribusiness. Does that mean that we should be expecting kind of a tougher comparison year-over-year for agribusiness in general?
Alberto Weisser: It’s difficult to say. We obviously see the challenges with the global macroeconomic situation and everybody is more cautious in every sector. So originally we thought that agribusiness should, in 2012, should be higher than ‘11 because of all of the investments. So when we say we see the challenge, we are realistic, it could be at ’11, more or less.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Okay. I got you. And then lastly, just, I am trying to forecast edible oils and milling. It sounds like there were several acquisitions in edible oils, if I got that correct, because of tomatoes and margarine. Can you give me a sense of what that means to the volume in that segment of the business and is it material enough to really boost your forecast year-over-year in that segment?
Alberto Weisser: I don’t have the volumes here now. Do you have them, Drew?
Drew Burke: No, I don’t Rob. Let me come at it in a different way. I would think we had spent between $200 million and $300 million on those acquisitions in total. So if you start to think about it that way and what the return would be, you could get somewhat of an estimate where they will be. We will have the first two for the full year, and as I said in my comments, the third is expected to close shortly. We have already announced the Indian acquisition and should close it soon. So I’d rather give you kind of a hint in that direction versus trying to give you a volume projection.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Sure. And those are all in edible oils?
Drew Burke: Well, we believe right now they will all be reported in the edible oils segment.
Alberto Weisser: Yeah.
Operator: The next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA. Please go ahead.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Good morning. So, Drew, I wanted to talk to you about this -- your comments on the sugar business. And you had said, I think that 2012 you still expected it to be below, kind of optimal rates because the crush would be below your capacity. Can you just -- given where ethanol prices have gone sugar, the cogen, what is your total expected profit on a metric ton basis when you get to full capacity? And then I guess as you think about 2012, I think you’ve done some replantings in 2011. How much benefit will that be kind of on the year-over-year profit change?
Drew Burke: Thank you for the questions. I think there were about eight questions. So I’m trying to sort through it here. We still feel very favorable for the outlook on the sugar business. I think before we said at pretty high rates of production we would be at $8 to $10 EBIT per ton. Certainly, we said this year it will be 17 million to 19 million and those rates of production are high enough to be there. Obviously, embedded in any number we give you like that is just not the volume we crush, but it also has to do with where pricing is in the markets at any one point in time. So, there is a number of variables, but directionally we feel it’s still right for ‘12 and actually beyond. The projection is 17 million to 19 million tons is based on the plantings we’ve done. It is still too early to make a specific call on that crop. That will probably be some time in the April time period where we start to get a clear idea of the size of the crop. So, that will become the case. And the limitation on our ability to use our 21 million tons of capacity is the crop size. So that’s why we are below. It’s not commercial or operational reasons, it’s just how much crop we have available to crush. We have another significant planting program scheduled for 2012, and that should put us in a position to be able to crush at full capacity in 2013.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Okay. So, if we take the midpoint of both of those ranges for this year, that suggests EBIT of 160 million. Is that what you have in your plan for 2012?
Alberto Weisser: We don’t give guidance.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: But you can even run at those very high EBIT levels --
Alberto Weisser: Yes, yes.
Diane Geissler - CLSA: Even if you’re not at the 21 million metric ton range. Even if you’re just in the 17 to 19 you could still see that level of profitability given the current pricing environment?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi Investment Research. Please go ahead.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Great. Thank you, good morning. I would like to just go back to agribusiness business for a minute. So first, Alberto, I believe what you said in response to one of the questions that you think more or less the entire agribusiness segment is roughly flat in terms of profitability year-over-year 2012 versus ‘11. Did I get that correct?
Alberto Weisser: It’s obviously very early to say. We should, based on our investments, continue growing in ‘12 versus ‘11. But we are realistic that there might be -- continues to be some margin pressure. So we expect that perhaps to be more in line with ‘11.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Okay. And so my kind of comments on there is, is that we’ve seen U.S. cash crushing margins pickup. And it looks like kind of the oligopoly structure in the United States is working, I think reasonably favorably relative to the overcapacity that’s there, that we see in capacity utilization rates. So, I just want to kind of maybe push a little bit on this one and just say, why wouldn’t you think that in aggregate, profitability in agribusiness wouldn’t be directionally better? Because it is clear that you do have stronger volumes that will come through. You mentioned the grain merchandising capacity increases, with cash crush margin increases in the United States and a good South American margin environment. I guess, I’m not pulling it all together in terms of why you wouldn’t be a little bit more confident that you would see directional improvement in profits within the business segment?
Alberto Weisser: Look, Dave, it could very well be. But obviously, we are seeing the end of the northern hemisphere crop and the margins are under pressure in North America. So that is exactly what we see now and we saw it in the fourth quarter, so we have to deal with that. That’s the current challenge. But we see there is -- the picture is constructive, is positive. The demand is there. USDA estimated the soybean meal demand 4%, soybean oil in general 4%. The crop in South America is good and the way it is structured it will also help the northern hemisphere. So the picture is constructive but it is very early in the year. And you are right, at the moment the margins have improved in the last couple of weeks. You see it on the CBOT Board Crush. But it’s early. We have to be realistic. There are challenges. And the global macroeconomic pictures with the sovereign debt, so we have to be careful.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: That sovereign debt point is one I want to pick up the threat on. In the last quarter you of course talked about kind of a risk off because of the difficulties from the perturbations in the sovereign debt market which then crept into your markets, in the agricultural markets. If we presume that those types of disturbances don’t happen or happen to a much lesser extent in 2012, isn’t that also just a fundamental positive for Agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, it is. It is. And we should see much more normal pattern of buying and selling of farmers and customers and that should normalize. I think you are right.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Okay. Two more questions for me and I will pass it along. I wanted to do a big picture question. You talk a lot about return on invested capital. Obviously, the company is not returning adequate returns versus it’s expected return on invested capital -- sorry, versus it’s expected weighted average cost of capital. What I want to get a sense from you guys is, when you think about getting back to -- and I put these numbers, I put normalized numbers between $8 and $9 a share -- when you think about that kind of an area, what kind of timeframe, given the growth inherent to these markets, would you put at directionally to get back to some kind of appropriate returns? Is it a two-year timeframe, a five-year timeframe? I think people really need to hear some commentary regarding this. Because the very significant increases in total invested capital over the last five years have gone largely unnoticed when you look at earnings per share. So there is a lot of folks out there, Alberto, who just don’t understand this and what the leverage of this company is. It’s a long question but perhaps you could provide some thoughts?
Alberto Weisser: No, I understand. And it’s relatively easy to answer, because it is very much related to sugar, bioenergy, and fertilizer. When you look at the investments we have done in sugar & bioenergy, which is around $2.5 billion, and the returns are not there yet. But we know exactly why they are not there and we believe they will be there, as we ramp up the sugarcane production. So if we do the 17 million to 19 million tons of sugarcane processing, the $8 to $10 per ton in EBIT, we are closer. So we probably should be at cost of capital in the sugar & bioenergy business as we mentioned in the past in year ‘14, ’15. And we probably should be, this year or next year, in fertilizer. Hopefully, in this year we should be. Agribusiness, food and ingredients and fertilizer would be above cost of capital and we’re just ramping up sugar & bioenergy. We have to remember that when you build a new business Greenfields, brownfields at the moment we have the highest amount of investments. So, the denominator is at the highest value, highest amount and the numerator is also affected because depreciation is the highest. As these businesses season more we will get -- very soon it will be very close to cost of capital. That is always the problem when you build new businesses. But we see it very clearly. We believe in it, the returns, all the time. We analyze it exactly as we expect it, perhaps long-term even better. Because when we got into this business we didn’t think about cogeneration which is an additional interesting income stream. So, we’re very confident that we’ll get there. We’re a little bit unlucky in sugar & bioenergy that we had this major problem in 2010 of drought and fires and affected the cane field. But we had heavy investment in planting in 2010, another heavy one in 2011. We exceeded our plans and with all the plantings we have in plan for 2012, we should be there in 2013.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: So, if I bring it altogether then, it sounds like the agribusiness segment is, in 2012, it’s flat, perhaps directionally higher pursuant to the factors we just discussed. Sugar and fertilizer clearly improving and food and ingredients has just been a nice solid business, continues to be so. So then net-net, you guys (hinted) flat out sales in the press release, but net-net, earnings are up in 2012 over 2011, no ambiguity on that. Would you agree?
Alberto Weisser: I like your analysis, Dave.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: I like it too.
Operator: The next question comes from Lindsay Drucker Mann of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Could you talk a little bit about the volumes in agribusiness in the quarter, they were larger than what we were expecting. Just wanted some clarification on why you had such strong volumes?
Drew Burke: Sure. I think it came from several places. First, we’ve made significant investment in the U.S. grains business. Both in terms of interior grain handling facilities and in terms of the port on the West Coast. While the port has not started shipping, which it will do shortly, we have been originating volumes for that program. So we had the origination volumes in the new businesses, we had the volumes moving out to the port. So we had good growth in volumes in North America. We also have a much bigger crop in the Black Sea, so we have origination opportunities there. And we’ve brought our new oilseed crushing capacity during the year. So it was kind of all three of those things coming into the fourth quarter and producing the type of strong volume growth you’ve seen.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: Is that something we should -- until the next slug of investments come online, is that a good run rate to use in terms of volumes for the business going forward?
Drew Burke: We always hesitate to give run rates because it’s heavily dependent on crop sizes and other factors, other than our underlying business. But one thing I would say is, in the current year we don’t have the (PNW) export volumes and they will fully come in next year -- in ’12, they will fully come in. And that will add -- it’s about 8 million tons total and we’re 50% owner, so we get benefit of about 4 million tons there. And the Nikolayev port also did not operate with us for the full year and further, so we’d get another million tons there. And a number of the other facilities I mentioned only came on later in the year. So there is still some inherent growth out of those investments. I don’t think you could assume it will be flat until you hear other investments announced. You’re going to get the full year impact of many of these things coming on. But again, just to caution, that other things affect our volumes other than our capacity.
Alberto Weisser: But also, we continue believing that we will be growing at 5% to 7% on volume on average.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: Would 2012 be a larger volume year given some of your investments, than your average?
Drew Burke: We believe so.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Then I just wanted to clarify on the sugar business. You talked about this $8 to $10 a ton profit number. What would you think that profit number could be when you are fully loaded with cogen and all the other investments that you intend to put in place layered on?
Alberto Weisser: Well, it has to be both because just think about the -- we have to cover our returns. So if you have invested $2.5 billion and we will do some, as we are doing at the moment, expanding. We are doing expansion in planting but also in cogeneration. So there will be some more operational assets and they will have to return, at the end it will have to be 2 percentage points above cost of capital, so more or less about 10. So it gives you an idea where the EBIT per ton will be. The traditional number of $10 per ton cane is an older number from 5, 10 years ago, which was at the time when sugar was also priced at $0.10 per pound. With the environment we have today and the sugar has to be priced at $0.20 per pound for the Brazilian farmers to expand. So the number should be above 10. We will see how it evolves with cogeneration, with ethanol, with sugar. We don’t want to exactly say yet what our expectation is, but it will be above these numbers.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And then lastly, if you could just shed some light on what you are seeing in the U.S. biodiesel market, now that we have gone through the credit expiration?
Drew Burke: I think in the biodiesel market, there is a downturn in the first part of the year as people ramped up production in the last part of the year to take advantage of their credit. So we see a short-term shift down. But longer term, the mandates are in place and we think it will come back to normal volumes and follow the mandates.
Lindsay Drucker Mann - Goldman Sachs: So are you essentially seeing people cashing in on the (RINS) that they accumulated in prior -- specifically last year? And ultimately the expectation is that you will cash in on those and then in 2013 will be back to RFS levels?
Drew Burke: Yes, we think you are going to move back to the mandate levels as everything clears for the system.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning. Alberto, I think you said that it’s a little too early to tell how large next year sugar crop might be. But you have put in, replanted a lot of cane, your competitors, I think are doing the same. Wouldn’t you expect to see a pretty sizeable improvement just on productivity gains alone for next year?
Alberto Weisser: When you talk about us, yes, we have exceeded even our targets. And now the whole industry has not invested as much. So not every player in the industry has invested as much as we have even on a relative term. So it is -- there will be an increase in yield and productivity, but it is not going to be all what is necessary to cover all the demand that is out there.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. The drought that was seen here for a few years now, how much of a hangover impact then are you expecting on next year? Is cane still, maybe the overall cane crop? And is it fair to say that the sugar that you’ve replanted maybe more drought resistant and therefore perform better even if there were ongoing issues for next year?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that we are always going to have some weather issues and that’s why the target is to have a little bit more than what we really need. And we have seen -- many of you have mentioned that some competitors who have performed better exactly because of that. They have a little bit excess capacity, and that is also our target. So we always have to consider that there will be some weather issues. What was different was 2010, where it was so drastic, so tough that there were even the fires. So that one affected everybody in a stronger way. So, what we expect is that in 2013 we will be in a position where even if there are weather issues, we should be able to be producing close or at capacity.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. And then just one last question. Can you remind us how much of your cane you actually produced yourself and how much is coming from third parties?
Drew Burke: It is, I think at the moment 60% is, we produce, and 40% is from third parties.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thanks very much. Just a couple of questions. Maybe, Drew, on the tax rate, it came in, I think, below what you had sort of been talking about for the third quarter and then your guidance for next year, it’s kind of been lower as well. So, my guess is, is just to shift in geographically where you think you’re going to make your money. But could you give us a sense of what that shift is and what’s causing it and where the surprise is coming from?
Drew Burke: Thank you for the question, Vincent. I think you summarized it pretty well. In the current year, the drop in the tax rate towards the end is because our pre-tax income was lower in certain of the higher tax jurisdictions than we had expected. In our capital structuring, we said we improved about a year or two ago is providing a little bit better results than we expected. So that is why you see the drop this year and the drop and what we are seeing next year. We think that, that program is going to work out a little bit better. The increase from this year to next year is really driven by the improvement we expect to see in our sugar, in our fertilizer business as Brazil is a pretty high tax rate jurisdiction for us.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And can I ask you, on the comments you made in fertilizer was that the conditions are going to be challenging, I guess, to start things off or let’s say that’s what in the press release. And my guess would be that’s a function of some of the price movement at the end of the fourth quarter. So it’s less that you need to take an inventory write-down and more adjustments. So you are going to have to move some higher cost inventory through the system. Is that the right way to think about it?
Drew Burke: For the first quarter of next year that is -- for ‘12, sorry for confusion on the year. But for the first quarter of ‘12, that is correct. We are talking about pressure on margins in the first part of the year or maybe not even to have first half of the year, maybe first quarter. But not to the level where we expect to see any write-downs in 2012.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And when you guys first started getting big in the sugar business, I kind of remember there being a conversation around ultimately changing the mix of owned plantation versus third party purchasing. And then of course the last couple of years, from a shared crop perspective have been unique to say the least. So was that still -- can you remind us of what your thought process is and what you want your mix of owned versus third party to be?
Alberto Weisser: Our target is to get to 70:30, and we probably should be able to reach it in 2012.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then my last question is just on -- it goes back to the sort of commentary around your return profile, which I agree is very important. And my question is, you sold the wholesale fertilizer business several years ago and you got a, I can’t remember the exact amount of proceeds. But if memory serves me correct, you have not completely reinvested those proceeds into new assets. If I recall, some of those proceeds went into working capital during a period of rising commodity prices. So first, is that recollection correct? And second, do you envision being able to take some of that working capital and reinvest it into harder assets? Because part of my sense is that your return profile is not only hindered by the sugar not performing the way that it’s capable of, but also because you have a little bit of a return drag from the higher working capital?
Alberto Weisser: I would perhaps characterize it a little bit different. We mentioned that we had now the strongest balance sheet that we have had in decades. So you could see, we could leverage up and have a higher return. But, this is not that easy because we have very clear rules about hurdle rates and what kind of returns we want to achieve. And we have not been able to do perhaps one or the other acquisition that we wanted because of price expectations or it didn’t meet our hurdle rate. So we don’t mind to be in this moment to be well capitalized in a very difficult environment. So we could take advantage of opportunities that might arise. But I will say, your recollection is correct, that we used some of the money to invest in working capital. But as you saw, as commodity price come down, the money is coming back. So, we are capitalized. We think we will be able, with our capital structure, to reach our target of being 2 percentage points above cost of capital, not this year but perhaps next year or ‘14. But it also allows us the flexibility to take advantage of opportunities that might occur.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning, everyone. Just a couple of questions. One is, can you talk about the change in the South American crop and how that’s going to affect your agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser: The drought that is occurring in the southern part of South America is going to reduce the crop expectation. You might have seen the first estimate from USDA this morning. And it will not have a negative impact. It’s either neutral or positive for us, because the crop will be big enough that we have enough products to process and to merchandise. At the same time, it is not too big that it doesn’t affect the U.S. crop. So, you might remember that last year we had a tail of the southern hemisphere that affected somewhat the northern hemisphere. So, this should have a slightly positive impact on the U.S. or the northern hemisphere, impact on profitability on margins for the processors and merchandisers.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then secondly, in terms of the sugar business, when you guys are doing your volume expectations, I guess over the course of the last, a little bit, you guys keep on ratcheting it down. What is the risk that it gets ratcheted down again? I mean, how confident are you in your forecast going forward?
Alberto Weisser: Look, I think, obviously, we are learning and we are getting more used to estimating these crops and that’s why we have this wide range of 17 to 19, our target is 19, but it might be 17. So, what has been really unique was the problem in 2010. You might remember that the whole industry, including the federation or the association, UNICA estimated the crop for the Center South of Brazil of 560 million tons and it ended up coming in at 492. So, I think everybody underestimated how dramatic the impact of the drought and the fires were in 2010, because it was not only an absolute acreage that was reduced but it had also an impact on the yield of existing fields. But the reason we are more and more confident is that the average, on average you’ll keep these sugarcanes growing for five years and we are replenishing them. So we had now two major replantings and expansions ‘10, ‘11, and we’ll have another one in ‘12. So, obviously, we’ll replant it to an amount that will be more than we need so that we have enough reserve for these weather events. So I think we are becoming more and more confident. And so far the weather, it’s obviously very early, so far the weather has been benign for sugarcane plantations.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And what about also on the sugar margin side. I mean, again, kind of saying this as (inaudible), but you actually have not gotten that margin that you have expected. And in forecasting it, to what extent is it like a theoretical exercise versus the confirmation that you’re going to be able to get that 8 to 10? I mean, again, what is your level of confidence? It just seems like a very abstract number and why not make it 7 to 9, why not make it 9 to 11, or how did you come up with that number? It seems more abstract than you found it in numbers, I guess?
Drew Burke: No, Kenneth, it is grounded in numbers in which we’ve modeled the business using several different scenarios. But that margin is also, it is a dynamic margin where prices matter, volumes matter, etcetera. So you have a number of factors going through there and it may seem to you a wide range, but that’s the range we’re comfortable looking at. The other thing I would point out is, sugar is a heavy fixed cost business. So within a certain range those type of numbers hold up, you start getting below that range. You’ve got a pretty big incremental profit moving for the last ton and it can move quickly. So one reason that why our projections have not held to that is, when we’re producing down to 14 million tons with 21 million tons of capacity, that’s an awful lot of fixed cost absorbed. If you are up at 17 million to 19 million, it’s a much different level of fixed cost absorption that’s having an impact. So that’s why we’ve always said, be careful using that range getting out of reasonable production levels, because it will move quickly. It also moved quickly to the upside, by the way, if you get above the totals we are looking at. But if you get below it, it moves quickly also.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And what type of returns do you expect to have on the CapEx part that you actually laid out in the presentation?
Alberto Weisser: We have our traditional hurdle rate which is above, significantly above cost of capital. 25% of our CapEx doesn’t bring any returns because its maintenance, sometimes it’s regulatory issues. And obviously you have to remember also it’s not immediate because it takes sometimes three years until all these numbers to completely in. And we feel good at the moment because many of the projects over the last couple of years are now coming up. It’s the plants in Asia, it’s the ports, some of the sugar expansions. So we are now starting to see some of the benefits of the investments over the last three years. But overall you should expect something only after three years after we have invested it. That’s why sometimes we prefer acquisitions because they are immediate. But CapEx takes a little bit longer.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And my last question is, there is a lot going on in Canada, in terms of the Canadian Wheat Board going away. Is there a plan of action for you to take advantage of that? Is it an internal or is it an external opportunity? How do you think about that?
Alberto Weisser: I think we look at every option. You should remember that we are present in Canada. We have large terminal in Eastern Canada, six or seven silos. We have already a silo in Western Canada. We are one of the largest, if not the largest, originator of canola seeds. So we have a significant presence there, 800 employees. So to expand this into doing more of grains is not a big issue. And we have shown in the past that we can do this. We went from nothing into Eastern Europe and have done it relatively well. So at the same time, we will take, as always, a cautious approach. We will go step by step.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So do you think will be able to capture some of the wheat? I mean is there, I think it won’t quantify, but I didn’t realize that you captured the wheat -- accessing the wheat and then being able to move it around. I didn’t realize that. Is that going to be a sizeable benefit or is that something that....?
Alberto Weisser: It’s not something for ‘12 -- it will not move the needle. But I think you will see us involved in that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine Healy of Scotiabank. Please go ahead.
Christine Healy - Scotia Capital: Hi, thanks. First question just on oilseed processing. You talked about how there has been some rationalization in the U.S. soybean industry. Could you talk about just how well Bungee has done in this regard and if there is any further plans over the next few months?
Alberto Weisser: We feel very good about what we have done. When you look at the last six years, we have rationalized our plans. We in fact have reduced our capacity by nearly 1.5 million tons over the last five, six years. And we have done what we need to do. And the plants are efficient, are the right place, are the right size. We have shutdown plants, in total four plants. So we are done. We feel we have done what we need to do.
Christine Healy - Scotia Capital: Okay. And then on the agribusiness segment, your increase in volumes was in part due to the Black Sea volumes, your new port there. So how concerned are you by this year’s crop situation in Ukraine and what impact you think this will have on Bunge?
Alberto Weisser: It is very early to say, but it should be okay, Russia and Ukraine. There are some doubts like always about whether -- is there going to be a winter kill or not, it was a little bit dry in Ukraine during planting season. But there might be, it’s early to say, but there might be some reduction, but at the same time the Russian crop is supposed to be very large. It is early. We’re not yet concerned.
Christine Healy - Scotia Capital: Okay. And just one last question, just on the sugar segment. Just curious, should we expect even more earnings to be weighted to the second half this year than a normal year? I’ve seen some reports that harvest could be delayed by a month or two. Is that your view?
Drew Burke: I don’t know if it’s so much more than a normal year. They are always pretty strongly weighted to the second half. So, maybe a little bit more, but not a lot. And we have not made all the final decisions of when our plants are going to start up. We’ll do that as the crop develops and as we plan out our capacity for the year, because you want to maximize the yield. So if people have the opportunity to delay, they are actually going to take it because they will get better yields. But it depends on how much volume you need to process over the full year, when your startup date is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Oksenhendler of BoA Merrill Lynch.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning. Can you talk about sugar, what happened in the quarter? Because I thought, Drew, you talked about last quarter on the conference call that this quarter should be solidly profitable, and you had a $29 million unrealized loss last quarter that should have reversed, or at least some of it this quarter? So I think, I was just a little disappointed in the results in the quarter. Can you just talk about what happened there?
Drew Burke: One, I think it was a significant increase from the prior year. Our plants ran better and we had gotten a small increase in volume in quite a bit. I would say that we did sell less than we projected in the quarter and are carrying a decent amount of inventories over the 2012. So that had some impact. And again, it was just the crop size and the lacking of the volumes in the fourth quarter.
Alberto Weisser: If I would summarize in one line. The volume came in lower than we expected. And as Drew was saying before, because of the high amount of fixed cost, it has a significant impact.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just to follow-up on some of Ken’s questions in terms of forecasting. How many hectares do you guys source from, totally?
Alberto Weisser: In 2012, 70% should be our own, what we are directly responsible for the planting, and 30% the third party. I think the total amount is around 230,000 hectares.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Because I just wanted to get some insight. So I think 25,000 of that will be -- so you replanted 50,000 and 25,000 was incremental, is that correct?
Alberto Weisser: We, in fact, we exceeded our target. We planted much more than that. And what you should think about it is that on average every year, you have to replant 16% of your cane fields. And the ones you own your own or you directly are responsible for the planting. So everything above that is for expansion.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Because I’m just trying to get a sense of forecasting it for next year. If you had around 200,000 hectares this year and you milled about 14 million metric tons, it would have been about 70 tons per acre or hectare. Which was about in line with the industry and I’m just trying to get a sense if I’m thinking about next year, you’ve got, I don’t know, you are expecting…?
Alberto Weisser: No, you are on the right direction. The only thing is they are much complicated because the first year plantings, the yield is closer to 100 tons per hectare and the fields that are in the fifth year are much, much lower. So we still have some older fields out there. And some of the planting we use for seedlings for next year. So what we do is we maximize the amount long-term. We might sacrifice perhaps, when we see 17 to 19 that implies already that we might use more cane that we planted to use seedlings so that we reach, in ’13 we reach the capacity that we need. So it’s a little bit -- there are many things. Is yield -- how poor was the crop of the third and fourth and fifth year sugarcane, how much you use for seedlings, how much is replanting? But that is why we give you the indication that we think planting was better than we thought, but we are keeping our estimate for 17 million to 19 million tons of sugarcane production that we will process.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I just wanted to see if you guys were expecting the cane that you didn’t replant -- don’t know what the yields on that would be versus this year because last year was impacted by weather, but this year the crop’s a year older, even if you assume a normal weather pattern?
Alberto Weisser: Yeah. The yield should be up because we took advantage of the ones that were problematic. We just replanted them. So, we are being very aggressive. It’s all about maximizing yields and getting to full capacity. So, we are not being cheap here. We are looking at it very, very economically. So, where we don’t have the yields we are replanting.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And how many hectares do you plan to replant in 2012?
Alberto Weisser: It’s more or less the same. We planted around 62,000 last year, so it’s probably more or less the same.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just the third party cane that you source from, do you know how many hectares of that were replanted this past year?
Alberto Weisser: That I don’t know. I don’t know we....
Drew Burke: If I managed to hear your question, Ryan, the 50,000 or so for Bunge are third party planted. We planted about 13 of that.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So that’s included in the 50,000?
Drew Burke: No, that’s included in the 63,000, Alberto referred to.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, that includes third-party cane. Got it. Okay so, that was just Bunge.
Drew Burke: 50 Bunge, 13 third party.
Ryan Oksenhendler - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Got it. Okay. Thank you, guys. 
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I will now turn the call back over to Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden: I want to thank you again for joining the call. We’ll talk to you soon.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew J. Burke - Chief Financial officer and Global Operational Excellence officer Mark Haden - Investor Relations Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2011 Bunge Limited Earnings Conference Call. My name is Monica and I'll be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Monica. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investors section of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentations. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investors section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto, and he'll begin with Slide 3.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. It was a difficult quarter with lower results in all segments except Fertilizer. This particular volatile period was marked by significant price movements and a combination of external factors that resulted in markets moving at times differently than underlying fundamentals. Managing risk in our agribusiness and sugar & bioenergy segments in this environment proved to be challenging. Lower than planned sugar milling volume, due to the impact of adverse weather conditions in each of the past 2 seasons on our sugarcane yield, also weighed on our results. However, looking forward, we expect results to improve in the fourth quarter and see optimistic signs for Bunge in 2012.  While the global macroeconomic environment presents uncertainties, there are reasons to expect resilience in our businesses. First, many of our products are basic staples needed to feed the world's growing population. USDA forecast that demand for global soybean meal and vegetable oil will increase by 5% and 4%, respectively. In fact, global vegetable oil consumption has increased for 31 straight years. Second, global commodity stocks-to-use ratios remain relatively tight, particularly in feed grains and vegetable oils. Even in this scenario of lower economic growth, the world needs additional supplies of crops while prices should remain at attractive levels, providing farmers with good economics. Growing demand should encourage increased planting, increased fertilizer use and increased trade, which Bunge's global network is well equipped to handle.  We also expect a much stronger performance in our sugar & bioenergy segment in 2012. Sugar and ethanol prices in Brazil should remain strong due to the continued uncertainty about the development with the Brazilian center-south cane crop where approximately 90% of the country's sugarcane is grown, and importantly, the region needs to expand production to support global sugar trade and the growth in domestic ethanol demand. With those factors in mind, we are on track to have 50,000 hectares of newly planted sugarcane ready for the next harvest, which puts us near the top of the industry. This will provide needed raw material to operate our mills closer to capacity and enable us to demonstrate the potential of this business.  Fertilizer are getting closer to our targets for the business. We are managing risk in the business well. Volumes are picking up, and we are working on more opportunities to reduce costs. I'm confident that next year, this business will deliver on its potential.  Now we will turn it over to Drew, who will discuss our third quarter financial results and outlook.
Andrew J. Burke: Thank you, Alberto. Let's turn to Page 4. Our net income in the quarter was $140 million versus $212 million in a strong prior-year quarter. On a year-to-date basis, our net income was $688 million versus $339 million in the prior year adjusted for the $1.9 billion gain on the sale of our fertilizer nutrients business and other notable items. Volume in the quarter increased from 34.6 million tons to 38 million tons, primarily due to higher processing and origination volumes in Brazil and more exports out of the Black Sea.  Agribusiness reported results of $159 million versus $313 million in a strong 2010 quarter. On a year-to-date basis, agribusiness has earned $731 million versus $463 million in the prior year. Adjusting for notable items, the comparison would be $694 million in 2011 versus $503 million in 2010. The decline in our agribusiness EBIT compared to the 2010 quarter results primarily from our grain merchandising business. 2010 had strong margins resulting from the supply dislocation related to the Black Sea drought. While volumes improved in 2011, margins in risk management results were lower. Oilseed results were slightly above prior year as better results in Brazil were offset by reductions in North America and Asia.  Sugar & bioenergy incurred a loss of $43 million in the quarter. We were at a loss in our sugar merchandising business, a $29 million charge related to foreign exchange impacts on forward sales of sugar. Foreign exchange related losses were reversed as the sales were executed.  Our industrial business was profitable in the quarter. Sugar crop in Brazil continues to come in below expectations for Bunge and the industry. This lower level of cane availability means that our business has not been able to realize its earning potential despite strong demand and pricing for our products. The loss in our merchandising business occurred in the quarter as we were not able to generate sufficient margins to cover high logistics cost in Brazil due to poor congestion and their operating expenses. Mark-to-market loss of $29 million is related to foreign exchange hedges of forward sales of sugar. Mark-to-market impact were reversed and appear as profit as we execute the sales.  In food & ingredients, we earned $46 million adjusted for the sale of the Montreal facility versus $90 million on an adjusted basis excluding notables in the prior year. The main reason for the decline was our wheat milling business. In 2010, wheat milling benefited from an inventory gain as we sold stocks that have been purchased prior to the significant increase in wheat prices. Volumes were also down as we emphasized margin management. The edible oils business in Brazil and Europe also experienced a decline as competitive pressures resulted in reduced margins. The European business was also impacted by higher raw material cost, resulting from a smaller crop in the prior year. Our corn milling business continues to perform well.  The fertilizer business earned $23 million in the quarter as both our Brazilian and Argentine businesses performed well. Brazil continues to progress on its transition. Focus remains on increasing volumes while maintaining margins. We continue to look for opportunities to reduce cost.  Adjusted for notable items, our fully diluted EPS was $0.86 per share in the 2011 quarter versus $2.26 in the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, our EPS is $4.15 versus $2.15 in the prior year.  Let's turn to Page 5 in our balance sheet highlights. Overall, balance sheet levels are down due to the devaluation of the Brazilian real and the reduction in commodity prices. Our debt net of cash decreased by $300 million as we generated significant cash from operations. In addition to reducing our net debt, cash from operations was also used for $705 million of capital expenditures, $145 million of dividends and $120 million in our share buyback program. Our equity balance declined by $525 million primarily due to currency translation adjustments related to the devaluation of the Brazilian real offset by our net income.  During the quarter, we repurchased 1.9 million shares of stock for $120 million. We have now spent approximately $474 million of our $700 million stock repurchase program. We have $226 million remaining on that program.  Turning to our cash flow statement. Funds from operations were $1.3 billion, and it's primarily generated by our net income of $688 million plus depreciation, depletion and amortization of $398 million. Our CapEx year-to-date is $575 million and that is in line with our targets for the year.  We turn to Page 7. Our liquidity position remains comfortable. At the end of the quarter, we had $3.3 billion of committed credit facilities, of which $2.9 billion was unused and available at September 30, 2011.  If we turn to Page 8 and discuss our outlook, we expect a good close to the year and a stronger 2012. In grains, the significant dislocation of the prior year no longer exists but the supply-demand balance is still relatively tight and there is need to move substantial quantities from origins to destinations. The large grain crops in open markets in both the Ukraine and Russia should provide near -- good near-term opportunities. South America is expecting large crops in 2012.  If you take a look at our oilseed processing business, the outlook is mixed. In Europe, we expect strong sunseed margins as they have had a large crop and demand is strong as the rapeseed crop has been smaller and will a little bit short. In the U.S., margins are improving with a higher utilization, past utilization during harvest but they do remain under pressure as there is overcapacity in the market and there is sales supply available from South America. In Canada, the canola gross margin should remain very good. There is a big crop, and the demand for canola oil remains strong. In China, margins have improved but are still at low levels. The positive long-term trends remain in place.  USDA is forecasting 10% year-over-year growth in soybean meal consumption in China. In South America, we expect good margins as the new harvest is realized.  If we turn to sugar & bioenergy, we're reducing our full year sugarcane milling expectations to 14 to 14.5 million tons due to the impact of the adverse weather in both last year and this year on the development of the sugarcane crop. For 2012, we expect to mill 17 to 19 million tons as we are completing a strong planning program of 50,000 hectares. We will have another major planning program next year and should be positioned to use our full crushing capacity of 21 million metric tons in 2013.  Pricing is expected to remain strong as demand for sugar continues to grow, as well as for Brazilian ethanol, and there continues to be some concerns about what the size of the Brazilian center-south crop will be. We do still expect to continue to earn $8 to $10 per ton of EBIT in this business.  If we look at food & ingredients, the competitive environment in Brazil is easing a little bit, which should give us some opportunity for better margins. In Europe, we'll benefit from the large sunseed crop as there is much more oil available for processing and should let us expand our margins a bit. Our milling businesses should continue to perform well.  In fertilizer, farm economics remain good. As Alberto said, we'd still need large crops and there should be large planning, so our volumes have been improving, and we expect they will continue to improve in the fourth quarter and throughout 2012. Our margins in fertilizer remains solid.  Overall, we expect a solid finish to the year and a stronger 2012. Agribusiness and food should continue to grow and earn solid profits. Fertilizer's transition should be near completion, and profit should hit our target levels. With a much larger sugarcane crop, our sugar business should be able to show its potential.  I'll now turn the call back to Monica and we would be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Ryan filling in for Bryan. I guess last quarter, you gave kind of a profit outlook for sugar slightly below, I guess, your $8 to $10 target. Can you update us what that would be, I guess, for this year?
Alberto Weisser: The $8 to $10 we talked about is for next year. So the fourth quarter should be good.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Will it be in that range or slightly below?
Alberto Weisser: You remember, it starts -- we are soon stopping to mill and we are selling from our inventory. So we have to see what kind of volumes we also keep in inventory to sell in the first quarter. So it's a little bit complicated. I prefer to talk it on an annual basis and more for next year, but it should be positive.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, but you think even though you're below your full capacity next year, you could still get to that target in 2012?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that's exactly what we are saying. Yes.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess just for the quarter, could you -- is there a way to breakout, could you give us an idea of what the industrial profit was versus the merchandising profit or how bad merchandising was? Because I think it would be interesting. I mean, this is one of the first quarters where it's a clean comparison between you and what your comparison would be to the industry more I guess on the industrial side in terms of what your profitability is. Can you give us a breakdown of what that was?
Andrew J. Burke: We don't break those numbers out specifically, but let me try to help you a little bit. The loss in the quarter was $43 million, and we said the biggest piece of that loss is coming from the foreign exchange mark-to-market charge, which is really a timing difference between charge being relating -- occurring now on the mark-to-market and the foreign exchange derivative and the profit coming when we sell the product, so that will reverse as we go forward. If you take that out of the $43 million, that brings you down to, I guess, $14 million. And we said it was a small profit on industrial. So if you balance that altogether, you can kind of get a feel for how it played out.
Alberto Weisser: And you can think in terms of merchandising business sugar & bioenergy is -- normally, the profitability is something between $3 and $5 per metric tons, and we originate and distribute around 5 million tons. So that gives you an idea that the trading and merchandising business is not a very large contributor on the profitability.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Alberto, when I look at agribusiness and I look at the gross profit per ton, it was a lot weaker than I expected, and I guess what I want to understand is if I think about merchandising, prices are -- it seems like margins are more muted than they were last year than the first half and we still have overcapacity in North America. I just want to know what -- are there any pockets of strength globally and what are they? And then what's the fundamental catalyst in the areas that are weak to change things so that we can see this profitability improve?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that the main reason in this quarter was really the high level of volatility and there were -- prices moved fast all over the place, and therefore, we and also farmers and customers were much more spot and on a spot basis and there were less opportunity to earn higher margins especially in the green area. And oilseed processing was a little bit better, but it's still not at a very attractive level. So I think it was a little bit unique this quarter because of the volatility and everybody taking risk off the table. But when I look forward the fourth quarter and I look next year, we continue seeing solid demand, the balance, supply and demand of both oilseed and grain, are being tight, giving us good opportunities. So I think this was a little bit unique this quarter.
Andrew J. Burke: And Christina, just to add a little more, it's the catalyst going forward. I think there is going to be a large export volumes out of the Black Sea region this year. Their harvest is much better and the markets are free. We added the Nikolayev port during the year and that will be running at or near -- at full capacity or very near it in the fourth quarter as those crops come through our port, and Russia is doing well on that basis. So I think the whole Black Sea region, near term in the grain business, is getting some real opportunity. And I think you saw in the first half of the year the grain business out of South America has become a lot more attractive. It's not that active in the fourth quarter but as next year's harvest come in, we think that area will again be very attractive and those products will be demanded around the world. So I think the grain merchandising business overall has a solid future. It's just if you look at where the demand is and you look at the amount of product that's got to be moved from origin to destination, there's a lot of opportunity.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Speaking of the ports, can you give an update on Longview and when we'll see that contribute?
Alberto Weisser: Longview is nearly ready, so the construction is nearly ready. So we are starting to receive first shipments. So it is on the ramp up phase. So we should see some contribution next year. This year, we should not see anything yet.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And Alberto, I guess just more of, kind of a bigger picture question, it seems like we've seen a lot more on-storage facilities built in the U.S., and so right now, you're seeing farmers hold on to their grains more than usual. And I'm wondering if that changes anything in terms of origination profitability in North America, kind of like when silo bags became -- used in Argentina to a much bigger extent. Does that alter your profitability? And if you could comment on basis and what does that mean for the fourth quarter.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We don't expect that, Christina, because it is more a reaction of the additional demand, and grain needs to be -- there needs to be more grain exported into Asia. So we don't expect that to have a negative impact on margins.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And basis in the fourth quarter?
Alberto Weisser: I would comment more on the margin side. We expect it to be solid as we have a good crop, and a large crop, that needs to be shipped, and there was less volume in the third quarter as farmers and customers were all a little bit more shy because of the uncertainties in the market and it now needs to be moved. We feel good about the fourth quarter.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And last question, Drew, on foreign exchange, it seems that maybe you had hedged out the Brazilian currency because it didn't seem to have as big of an impact on SG&A as I saw it. I don't know if that's the case, but if it is, would you -- are you going to able to benefit from the weaker real in the fourth quarter and in '12?
Andrew J. Burke: One -- Christina, a couple of things. First, our business is a little bit less real-dependent than what you think of historically, because the fertilizer business was much more currency driven than the sugar business is. The sugar business is more of a real and more of a domestic business. When you come back and look at agribusiness, certainly, a devalued currency will provide some opportunity for us and that should flow to our results.
Alberto Weisser: You have to remember that the average exchange rate last year, I think, was 1.74. This year, the average was 1.66. So we did not see as a benefit. The increase was more towards the end of the quarter.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I guess, I didn't see SG&A as high as I would have thought given that year-over-year strengthening.
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think -- the reason it didn't go as high as you would have expected, I think, is a credit to our Brazilian team who has done a very good job in reducing G&A expenses. So the real base is lowered, and I think that's why with the strengthening, you didn't see the increase we have taken. Necessary actions will offset that.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll of Citi.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: First question, I just want to go back to volatility. So typically, Alberto, and I always think that volatility is good for your business and that, really, your game is to be a good risk manager. You made comments in the press release and on the prepared script about risk management did not go favorably in the quarter. So really, 2 questions here. The first one is, does risk management results in the third quarter, do they have implications in the fourth quarter? And then secondly, 1 million people are going to call and just simply ask what actually did go wrong in risk management. Can you talk a little bit about that? I believe in one of our competitor's results, they've talked about ocean freight went heavily against them while they had good corn trading. So those kinds of comments, I think, are helpful.
Alberto Weisser: Look, there were a lot of complex uncertain external factors, weather, macro uncertainties, crop reports, just to name a few, which influence the commodity crop markets during the quarter, which made it more -- much more challenging to navigate. The oilseed prices were not necessarily reflecting underlying fundamentals. It makes positioning much more challenging, but we all operated more cautiously and we walked away from some businesses that in a different environment, we might have executed. We conducted much more back-to-back transactions. Counterparty exposure becomes a concern. So as a result, margins in merchandising were lower. So it was really very erratic movements, 4 or 5 times, it went all over the place. So you take risk off. You are more careful. Now for me, this is very real that it's so much like this. So you are naturally more careful. I don't think this has -- you should not see this being repeated in the next quarter. I think the next quarter should be more normal. It's really that it happens like it happened in the third quarter.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On sugar, high sugar prices -- conceptually to me, given that you have -- you own farmland and are processing sugarcane, they seem like to be a good thing, but of course, the past 2 years in the third quarter, you keep reporting losses and problems here. Just for a lot of people out there, can you just talk about this and really address the issue here that this -- I believe, high sugar prices are good for you guys. This is a risk management issue that's going on at the company that I believe you can correct. So -- well, first off, do you agree with my statements? Would you characterize it differently? And thus, is the confidence in 2012 very high?
Alberto Weisser: Look, we feel very comfortable about the business. Last year, at 13 million tons, we had a small loss in the industrial side. So this time, this year, it is positive. So the trend is clearly in the right direction because this business has a huge amount of fixed cost. So it is very dependent on volumes. So 14 million tons, 14.6 million tons, whatever, 14.5 million tons is low for our capacity. So as we were able to significantly invest in planting and replanting this year, these 50,000 hectares was a good yield because these are new fields and it makes us very confident about getting an ideal situation. We should be able to get to 19 million tons, but we are being a little bit careful in saying it might be a little bit less if there are some weather issues, and the impact is immediately to the bottom line because contribution margin is high. So I feel very good. All the mills -- all the 8 mills have been running. The problems we had last year were fine. If we did not have this issue on the merchandising business and the foreign exchange, it would have been a very solid quarter already, but obviously, we are not yet at full potential because we need to get closer to our capacity. As you remember, our capacity is 21 million tons. We have fixed cost related to 21 million tons. All our efforts are increasing at the moment, both the agriculture side and increasing also, cogeneration, which is a very good contributor of profit. So we feel very good about it as we look into 2012 and '13.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just last statement then or question. So really boiling it down, volatility hit Bunge negatively in the third quarter but the fourth quarter should improve. There is no carryover from that. 2011 grain tightness continues, and that's fundamentally positive for the business. Crushing margins get better in the fourth quarter and into 2012 because of the demand outlook. And then sugar, simply put, this should get tremendously better in 2012 and even show improvement in the fourth quarter. So do you agree with those statements? And then does that all then simply say that earnings in 2012 are improved over '11 directionally?
Alberto Weisser: I would agree with that. I would add that fertilizer would also be delivering on its potential as we ramp up. I think we have the risk management part and the margin management is -- we are very, very comfortable. We have now many, many months where it gives us the confidence that we have this completely under control and managing well. Volumes are ramping up, and we are doing better on volumes. We continue finding opportunities to reduce the cost of fertilizer. So I would add fertilizer should also contribute much better next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: First, just to follow up on that fertilizer line of questioning, it seemed like volumes, obviously on a easy comparison, were up pretty strongly, but was there any pull forward of sales in the quarter that might actually drive faster results in the fourth quarter?
Alberto Weisser: No, not at all. We are seeing a very, very normal pattern of the volumes.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just I think about how fertilizer prices have increased. I think you saw some benefit from an early buy of fertilizer this year. Wouldn't it make it more difficult next year on a relative basis?
Alberto Weisser: Look, this is no different for us because we don't have the mines anymore. We are managing this very, very tightly. We are trying to keep the minimum in terms of inventory. So all of our focus is much more on really earning the spread. So it's positive and negative. So if prices go up, we will benefit less, but when prices go down, we will also be harmed less. So our focus is much more like we're doing on the grain and the oilseed business. It’s much more on the margin.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Good to hear. And then just on the outlook for demand on your crushing business, as I think about global livestock liquidation in several areas, with the exception of the expansion in China, can you talk about what your assumptions are around how that demand might look for next year? It sounds like you're relatively optimistic that demand, in fact, will continue at kind of historical growth rates, but is there some reasons to think that maybe it'll be a little slower next year?
Alberto Weisser: Look, we share the view of USDA that meat demand should grow 2.5% next year and meal, 5%. So we share that view. We think that, that is in line.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And you're not seeing any quality issues in the U.S. meal supply that might affect kind of overall demand?
Alberto Weisser: At the moment, you're probably talking about lower protein content. Look, you might see something like that, but we don't think this is going to have any impact on margins or earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler of CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: I have a question on -- for sugar next year, what's your production estimate?
Alberto Weisser: It's ideally 19 million tons, but we're giving a range from 17 to 19 million tons of sugarcane.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay, and so given the ongoing or lingering impact and we kind of really won't know until March, can you give us an idea in terms of the rootstock, the health of the rootstock, et cetera? Is there a probability there that you're going to hit the low end versus the high end?
Alberto Weisser: We have seen it this year, so we have to be careful. But this year, we really -- whatever needed to be done and replanted from the damage of last year, we did it. So that is why the 50,000 hectares is a combination of something like half and half of replanting and new area, and we feel quite good about the quality of the fields. We have seen that also, on relative terms, we have been probably one of the ones who have invested the most in replanting in the industry. So we are feeling quite confident about next year.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just moving over to the merchandising side of the business. The port situation there is sort of always problematic. Is there any reason to think that merchandising will get any easier next year or am I missing something?
Andrew J. Burke: No. I think it will improve. I think what you had is a little bit higher cost than usual in the Brazilian situation on the one hand. And secondly, with all the volatility, et cetera, we didn't earn typically the size margins we would expect to earn at a gross profit level. So you had lower gross profits than you would expect on the transactions and elevated costs on the logistics at the same time. I would certainly expect the margins to come back to historical levels next year.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just -- I have sort of the broader question that I get from investors quite a bit. The biggest complaint about Bunge is, we can't predict the earnings. And I guess when I look at your business and I think about sort of the other companies that compete in your space, it is a fairly consolidated space in terms of companies that have asset networks that are as large as yours. I know feedstock, et cetera, shifts from company to company, but my general question is, why is it given the consolidation in this industry and your critical plays on the chain between the farmer and kind of the users of what the farmer is growing? Why can't we see better margins even on an operating basis? So -- I know it's sort of subject to the whims of global demand on soybean meal or whatever. I mean, pick your feedstock. If you would think that there are only 3 global crushers, you would be able to get a better margin. I think that's kind of another sort of source of frustration with investors in addition to the earnings. Can you just maybe comment on that like why in a consolidated industry we're not seeing sort of richer margins?
Alberto Weisser: I would say 2 comments to -- in this regard. First of all, I would say there is much less volatility when you look at the earnings on a yearly basis. First, look at the last 5 years on agribusiness, on food and ingredients. It's true. Profitability moves sometimes from one quarter to the other. On a quarterly basis, it's problematic. Look on a yearly basis, it's pretty stable. It is -- obviously, it's more volatile than some other industries, but we feel that on a yearly basis that we have a relatively good visibility. Obviously, there are some variations there but it's not as large as we're on a quarterly basis. We feel good about that, and if there is some disruption, it is often very, very clear, like in the case of sugarcane with the production. Now in terms of margin structure, people tend to forget that there are a lot of smaller players also all over the place. There's 2.5 billion tons of grains worldwide. So when you take the top 5 largest players, if you take the whole crops worldwide, it is fragmented. People tend to think that it is much more consolidated than it really is. I hate to admit it so.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: So you're just saying the smaller players kind of exist to...
Alberto Weisser: They do make a difference.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: To keep the big players honest.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, they do make a difference. Look at it.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Research Division: Not quite, is that it?
Alberto Weisser: No. They do make a difference.
Operator: The next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I've got 2 questions. One on sort of the USDA Grain Stocks reports and another on sort of what's happening with the CFTC. Alberto, you kind of commented on this yourself in your some discussion about agribusiness in the quarter, but there is a lot of controversy over the -- particularly the most recent Grain Stocks report and there has been about other ones particularly this year. That report sort of said that there was an incremental 200 million bushels of corn relative to what people thought. Was that consistent with sort of what you see in your inventory or what you were seeing coming in, or what have you? Or how did you view that report? It obviously had an impact on how do you market things at the end of the quarter.
Alberto Weisser: I think the whole industry was a little bit surprised. Obviously, we were -- everybody was a little bit surprised here. There was so much talk there.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And just sort of as a follow-up to it, people have always argued that 5% stocks to use in corn is sort of that bare minimum level. Do you think that level might actually be higher now that the ethanol industry has grown and so forth? And 5% was the floor number that was hit back in the 90s, but do you think maybe it's closer to 6% or 7%, which is sort of where the USDA thinks we are now?
Alberto Weisser: It could be, Vincent. I think the reflection on the prices indicates that it is too tight. Despite all of these -- the fact that we found more inventories but the commodity prices are where they are, it's an indication it's a little bit too tight.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. I guess what I was getting at was that they said we had more inventory and presumably, that should have meant that your sales and some of your competitors should have looked and said, "Oh, we have more corn than we thought." It doesn't sound like that -- that was the case. And I'm just wondering if from your perspective -- because those types of reports can be disruptive to your business, if you're communicating at all with the agency in terms of how that type of information should be gathered and reported going forward.
Alberto Weisser: No. The only thing we never liked is that the report comes out at the end of the quarter. If it would be 1 day later, it would be much easier and because everybody becomes very careful at the end of the quarter. So okay, it is what it is.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then my next question is just on the CFTC, the initial legislation that's come out. Can you help us understand how that might change, assuming that it goes through as is, how that might impact your ability to run of the agribusiness segment, if at all?
Andrew J. Burke: Yes. I think, Vincent, we'd rather wait and see the final regulations issued before we comment on what the exact impacts have been. As you would expect, we've been very active with our industry groups and with the regulators in trying to make sure the regulations are written in a way that accomplishes the agency's objectives and are fair to the industry and lets us operate as appropriate. And we're hopeful that when we see the final regulations, they will reflect that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And maybe could you just give us broad-brush highlight of what the existing restrictions are on your business in terms of hedging and things like that, if there are any?
Alberto Weisser: Under the current regulations, we have hedge exemptions, which I'd expect will be in the new regulation. So as far as our ability to hedge, I think we'll be fine.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: What is your interpretation of what's going to happen with the CWB and how do you think it's going to affect your positioning in Canada?
Alberto Weisser: It's difficult to assess, Ken, if it will go away or not because farmers voted that they want to keep it. But like it happened in other parts of the world, I think over time, companies like us and others would be part of the process. But it is very early to say. So these processes take time.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Would you be an active consolidator in that industry?
Alberto Weisser: I think we will continue participating. We have already an operation there in eastern Canada with 6 silos and terminal, and we have one silo in western Canada. I think we would expand. We have a nice important origination of canola, so it would be very natural that we would also do some origination of grains.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: In terms of -- we're definitely a firm believer of what happens in the quarter that kind of stays in the quarter, but there is some commentary that kind of leaves me a little bit away from that for a second. One is, why have merchandising margins come down? Is this more of a secular? I know you addressed this in the first quarter of the year. We had a discussion on that. My fear or my caution here is, is there less opportunity in terms of the dislocation which is now reverting back to more of a normalized merchandising margin? And I know we can't track it, but can you give us some commentary on that?
Alberto Weisser: I will say it is more -- it's clearly a situation of the quarter. When you look at the price charts, it is really very erratic, all over the place, and everybody in the chain becomes cautious, the farmer, the customer, we, everybody. So that really makes -- gives you less opportunities. And obviously, I will say that's the main reason. When I think about -- when I look forward in terms -- I'm sure you are commenting more on the grain side than on the oilseed. We see strong demand, increased demand from Asia and more volumes, and we will need to expand in more assets. That all means that we will have to have higher margins to process all this grain. So we feel comfortable about the future.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: When you say there's higher demand, which parts of the world are you seeing exports and what grains are you seeing exports growing year-over-year? Because we're not exactly seeing that structure exactly the way you're laying out. I'm just trying to figure out. Even in Brazil, year-over-year, it seems to be a little bit lighter, kind of in par, where do you see the growth year-over-year on the export demand?
Alberto Weisser: Look, just think about the way the population is growing and income is growing. You have -- when you think about -- let me take the very big picture. If you take the estimates of the SAO [ph] by 2050, you will need 1.7 billion tons of additional grain, and this is going to be -- this is 70% more than the world produces today. Now because there will be more production in certain areas and the demand is in different areas, there will be more than 100% increase in trade, more than Africa, Middle East. They all will need more wheat from the Black Sea region. Asia will need more corn from U.S., from South America. So it will -- you will see us increase in trade. That is why we built Nikolayev. That's why we bought Nikolayev. That's why we built Longview in the Pacific Northwest. That's why we built Ramage [ph] in Argentina. So you'll see South America, North America and you also will see Eastern Europe are the main areas of expansion in grains. In North America, it's not land. It's technology.
Kenneth B. Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: My last question is just to understand it. When you give the view that things will improve from the -- are you talking about from the operating level in 3Q, in the third quarter? Are you talking about from 2010? I mean -- because improvement from $0.86 is probably not something -- I mean, I don't think anybody would disagree that from $0.86 -- so what level do you kind of use to say, "Hey, look we're going to be improving from the current level"? And I know you don't want to give guidance, but can you give us -- I mean, the improvement from $0.86 is a lot different than improving from the quarter before of $1.80 or $1.78. I'm just kind of figuring out what you're actually implying.
Andrew J. Burke: Yes, I think and I want to avoid giving guidance a little bit, but if you look at what we see going forward, certainly, the food business was weak in the third quarter because you had very tight supplies in Europe. We've had a new harvest in Europe, so the food business should have a significantly better quarter than this one. Our sugar business, we certainly don't expect the loss again. We'd expect to be subtly profitable in the fourth quarter and next year at least profitable in the fourth quarter. Fertilizers should be fine. In agribusiness, we think there is room in improvement both in the fourth quarter and this year. I mean, oilseed processing, third quarter is not the net strong either year and the fourth quarter has been strong, and that trend seems to be the case again because we get the northern harvest. Oilseed should be very good. North America should be improved due to the harvest season. I wouldn't call it very good, but improved from where we've seen it. And it seems like China is coming around for the fourth quarter and into next year depending on a couple of factors, but the demand certainly there in China, it's what the macros go ahead and do. On the grain business, I know everybody would like us to give a standard profit per ton and say "It's regular and comes all the time." The grain margins do shift based on the opportunities, which are in large part due to what happens with crops. And unfortunately, we can't accurately predict crop to crop, what the weather's going to be and what happens. So you do see some periods of higher margin when there's been a lot of dislocation. Our global network is more valuable. And sometimes, lesser margin were less than dislocation. But over time, the average margins gives pretty strong results, and I think that's why Alberto is referring you to a annual number versus a quarterly number because it kind of ends to average all of that stuff out and get you back to what more of a baseline would be.
Alberto Weisser: And when you think about next year, it's significantly -- you think about the contribution from sugar. It's very little this year, and it should be significant last year. And there should be also an important improvement in fertilizer. So we feel very good about 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Farmer of Jefferies & Company.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just following up on those last 2 comments. So fertilizer first, in terms of your efforts to increase market share, what type of visibility do you have on that going into 2012?
Alberto Weisser: We have dramatically changed it, so we are going very carefully. This year, we should accomplish some of it and next year more, and we have reduced significantly the amount of customers we work with in order to have the right balance between risk and reward, but with the plants that we refurbished and we built -- so we feel quite comfortable that we will increase. I would not say how much, but we will increase our market share next year.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: But is it safe to assume that, that market share number has been moving steadily higher over the last couple of quarters as you've reworked the business?
Alberto Weisser: Very, very slowly. We are giving clear preference. It's risk reward. So we are not doing volume at any cost.
Jeffrey D. Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just following up on sugar, to be beat the dead horse here. So that 17 to 19 million ton number, outlook for 2012 -- just to really make this simple, how much of that outlook is based on sort of the Brazilian sugarcane world getting better in general versus your company-specific efforts? So how much of your destiny is in your own hands in 2012 as it relates to that number jumping back up to -- or jumping to 17 to 19 million tons?
Alberto Weisser: Look , our estimate is clearly 19 million if the weather is normal and -- but you have to consider a couple of disruptions here, sometimes a little bit too much rain, a little bit drought here and there, that is already included. So when we say it's 17 to 19 million tons, it also includes downside scenario and -- but I would say this is pretty much based on all of what we are doing. So it doesn't -- a significant portion of that is from our own cane, and around 2/3, more or less 2/3, is what we planted or we can control. Weather, we obviously can't control. We feel relatively good about this number.
Operator: Our last question comes from Rob Moskow of Crédit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask about dried distiller grains. Maybe this has been asked months in the past, but I saw an interesting report that said that the supply of DDGS should continue and that there is a structural threat to soybean meal as livestock producers keep shifting the mix and it's not just a 1-year thing but it could have a multiyear effect on soybean meal. And then the other element is, you kind of touched on it, that South America should have a strong year. But if South America has a strong year and there's more soybean meal out of Argentina -- they are the low cost producer, so they can serve the world demand for meal at a lower cost than North America can. So given all that, what is your view about how attractive North American soybean meal is in the global market? And is there anything structural we should be concerned about?
Alberto Weisser: I don't think so, Rob, that we should be concerned because there is no meal that has the kind of quality and protein as soybean meal and you have to see DDG as a cheap alternative. It's more of a question of price and as -- over time, the crops increase and soybean meal prices come to a more normal level, there will be -- it's clearly the preferred alternative from a nutritional point of view. DDGS are making their way into the rations more because of a question of price. The protein content is much, much lower in DDGS. Now people, obviously, find ways to include them. And especially on poultry and hogs, they always are going to have something with high protein content. There is no substitute for soybean meal. Now it's a fact it's available because of the ethanol demand. But also, we are getting closer to the mandate level that we should not see an expansion in ethanol from corn production. So we should then will not see anymore an increase in DDGS.
Andrew J. Burke: And, Rob, just to highlight, one part of your question doesn't impact us too much. We have very strong positions in Argentina and Brazil. So if meal production shifts to Argentina and Brazil, we'd benefit there even though we may -- and it will be a little more difficult in the U.S. And I think your premise is right. The U.S., in the near term, will be a little bit pressured on soy meal exports, but from our perspective, we'll just shift it to a different Bunge location and do the business from there.
Alberto Weisser: You have to remember also how people don't remember how small contribution of soybean crushing in North America is part of the total mix. So you, all the time, adjust yourself. Look how much we have expanded canola, rapeseed, sunseed. So you -- all the time, your adjusting your business model. So the contribution of soybean crushing in North America is very small in the overall picture.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I get it. And as I listened to your comments today, a lot of it is similar to last quarter where you said that -- well, that the Black Sea is coming back and as a result, your volume will be up in your Russian business. It sounds like something similar might be happening here in Argentina. But if you think about the last 12 months, the margins were so good and it was specifically related to the dislocation that happened in those markets. I guess that's what people kind of struggle with. It's that on one hand, it's good to see the volume coming back, but on the other hand, it comes at the expense of dislocation and it probably causes lower margins. Does that -- when you think about planning for 2012, is that kind of like the puts and takes that you're thinking through as well?
Alberto Weisser: Perhaps a little like that. Obviously, it's a little bit more complex. And the way -- when you look at the history, these businesses earn their cost of capital. So if they don't earn their cost of capital, people exit and you get the right capacity utilization in the industry. So you might have had, in the past, perhaps a little bit more margin in grain and less in oilseeds, but before, it was the other way around. So what we expect is that probably by the second half of next year that we should have a much better capacity utilization in oilseed processing as demand continues growing at 5% in meal and 4% in oil and less capacity is added. So we will get a better balance there, and margins will improve in oilseed processing. You might have a little bit less margin in grain but overall, the agribusiness, we think, will be in line to always cover their cost of capital. Now these locations, when you go back, you have all the time. All the time, there is something. Remember, it was in Australia, then it was in Argentina, then it was southeast Europe, then it was Russia. You always have that. That is exactly the advantage of a company, of the large companies where they have a large network, where you take advantage of that, and source fast and provide the customer with their needs. Obviously, it also allows us to have an expansion in the margins. We expect agribusiness to be covering cost of capital plus 1% or 2% points all the time. There will be one or the other year where it might be less, but we feel good about the next years.
Operator: You have a follow-up question in queue from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Drew, can you give us a tax rate for the fourth quarter and for 2012 or an expectation?
Andrew J. Burke: I think we're looking at an annual tax rate now below the 10% that we had previously forecast as we've seen what the earnings mix is going to look like for the year. We're earning a little bit less in some of the higher tax rate jurisdictions that will drop our rate a little bit. For next year, maybe 9% to 12%. I hate to get too specific because as you've seen, it can jump a couple of percent pretty quickly. It's not a shift in our earnings mix, but that range, I think, would be about right.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then Alberto, could you just also remind us of your appetite for acquisitions and the criteria, I guess, that you would go through in terms of what you're looking for in terms of size, accretion, geography, segments?
Alberto Weisser: We continue always looking at opportunities, and our first priority is to strengthen our core businesses where we are in, and so you'll see from time to time in our grain, our oilseed processing, edible oils, milling and so on, but we also look at some adjacent businesses where we can use our capabilities. And one of the reason you have not perhaps seen so much activity is, obviously, we are also very careful in this environment and our hurdle rates are steep. So if the price is not right, we don't move, but we think we have a very strong balance sheet and we are ready to move whenever it's necessary. So we are all the time looking at opportunities. But I have to say, in this environment, this volatile environment, we feel quite good that we have this strong balance sheet.
Operator: We also have another follow-up question from Christina McGlone of Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Alberto, I had wanted to ask about the South American crush margins, in general. It seemed strong. I mean, seasonally, maybe they're a bit weak but they seem much better than, say, in North America. And ADM is putting on this facility in Paraguay in the middle of next year and then they are also dramatically increasing their biodiesel capacity, and I'm just wondering if the market can bear those 2 new facilities.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. There is no question that the domestic meat demand in Brazil has been very strong and also -- because the U.S. exported less meal, there was more room for Brazil to export. I think there is room for it. Biodiesel demand in Brazil and in Argentina has gone up like in U.S. as well, so we are not worried about excess capacity there.
Operator: We have no further questions in queue. I will now turn the conference call back over to Mr. Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, Monica, and thank you, everyone else. And if anyone experienced any technical difficulty with the slideshow today, I apologize. We had some issues with the service. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Investor Relations Andrew Burke - Chief Financial officer and Global Operational Excellence officer Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc. Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S. Cornell Burnette Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company Christine Healy - Scotia Capital Inc. Tim Tiberio - Chardan Capital Markets, LLC
Operator: Welcome to Bunge Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. My name is Mitch, and I will be your operator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded.  I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Haden. Mr. Haden, you may begin.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Mitch, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited's Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call.  Before we get started, I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the Investor Information section of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentations.  Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed verbally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. I'd like to direct you to Slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Drew Burke, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to Alberto, and he'll begin with Slide 3.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. Bunge posted good second quarter results. Agribusiness and food & ingredients did well in the quarter, and we anticipate a solid performance in these segments in the second half of the year. Sugar & bioenergy and fertilizer performed as expected, and we expect increased contribution from both as they enter their high-volume season. Overall demand for agriculture products is good. Global trade is robust, and the steady growth in demand that characterize our industry continues.  Moving to Slide 4. Bunge is investing accordingly. Over the next 18 months, we will bring online a number of facilities that will increase our scale and flexibility and contribute to our bottom line results. For example, we will have 11 million tons of new port capacity by the end of 2011, first, through our new deepwater port terminal in Ukraine, which provides an ideal logistics outlet for Black Sea grain production; and second, through our new terminal in the U.S. Pacific Northwest.  We'll support these facilities with inland assets as well. In the U.S., we are adding 7 new grain facilities. These elevators will help us better serve domestic and international trade flows.  We will also add processing capacity in key locations. Just last week, we broke ground on expansion of our Altona Canada canola processing facility. The project will more than double our capacity in this location and make the plant one of the most efficient in the industry. In total, we are adding more than 2.5 million metric tons of annual crush capacity to our global network.  These investments, in addition to the ones in sugarcane and bioenergy and food & ingredients, will help us outpace market growth rates and meet our annual earnings per share growth target of 10% to 12% per year on average over the next 5 years.  Before I turn it over to Drew, I want to take a minute to mention a special milestone. Next Tuesday, Bunge will celebrate its 10th anniversary as a public company by ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. Bunge has a long and accomplished 200-year history. But surely, the last decade has been one of the most transformative. Our IPO was instrumental to the company's global expansion and our creation of leading positions in oilseeds, grains, sugar, food and other markets. We are proud of what our team has accomplished and proud of our total shareholder returns, 18% per year on average. Today, we are well positioned, well capitalized and have an excellent team. We look forward to another decade of inspiring growth.  Now I will turn it over to Drew, who will discuss our second quarter financial results and the outlook.
Andrew Burke: Thank you, Alberto. Let's turn to Page 5 of the presentation.  Bunge had a strong second quarter. Total segment EBIT was $373 million. The prior year EBIT was $2.4 billion, and that included a $2.4 billion gain on the sale of our fertilizer and nutrients business. Net income for the quarter was $316 million. In the prior year, it was $1.8 billion, and that included a gain of $1.9 billion on the sale of our fertilizer and nutrients business.  Agribusiness performed well with an EBIT of $319 million. That amount includes $37 million from the sale of our 50% share of a crushing joint venture in Europe. Our results were driven by strong performance in South America, as large harvest and good margins drove good earnings in our grains and oilseeds business. Results in Europe and North America exceeded the prior year.  Sugar & bioenergy had a quarterly EBIT of $18 million versus $4 million in the prior year. The industrial business performed well, as prices were strong and all of our mills were operating. Industrial profits are seasonally weak in the second quarter, as it is the start of harvest and sugar content is low. Our merchandising results were lower than the prior year due to reduced margins and volumes.  Our food & ingredients business earned EBIT of $52 million in the quarter versus prior year loss of $12 million. The prior year loss included onetime charges of $31 million. Performance was strong across all our food businesses: edible oils, wheat milling and corn milling.  Fertilizer recorded a loss of $16 million in the quarter. The loss includes a net charge of $17 million, primarily related to inventory adjustments and a bad debt. Without this charge, fertilizer met our expectations as it continues to transition to a distribution business. Margins are good, costs are in line and our volumes are increasing. However, we still need to increase our market share to hit our long-term targets.  Earnings per common share, excluding certain gains and charges, was $1.78 for the quarter and $3.27 for the 6 months, so overall, a strong quarter and a strong first half.  Let's turn to Page 6 and the balance sheet highlights. We continue to have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. At June 30, we had $4 billion of committed credit facilities, of which $3 billion was unused and available. Our equity increased in the 6 months by $1.2 billion, reflecting our earnings and the strengthening of currencies against the U.S. dollar, particularly the Brazilian real.  If we move to the cash flow statement. Cash flow provided by operations was $264 million for the 6 months ended June. This compares to a prior year number of negative $159 million, which included about $400 million of charges related to the nutrients sale transaction. Funds from operations was $571 million and was driven by our earnings. Changes in operating assets and liabilities was negative $307 million and includes a $400 million inflow related to our accounts receivables securitization program. Offsetting that was a $500 million outflow related to our fertilizer payables, as we instituted a more effective import financing structure. Capital expenditures were $454 million and in line with our plan.  Now let's turn to Page 8 and our forecast. We expect to have a strong second half of the year. It will be weighted towards the fourth quarter, as we realize the full benefit of the Northern Hemisphere harvests in the quarter. Agribusiness is positioned to have a good second half. Grain merchandising will remain strong. Grain balance sheets remain tight, and global trade will be essential to move the crop to consumers. We expect strong North American harvest, and our new grain terminals in the Ukraine and PNW are well positioned to take advantage of those harvests.  The oilseed outlook is mixed. Margins in the U.S. should improve with harvest, but will remain relatively weak. Canada expects a good canola crop, and there is good demand for the oil. In Europe, we expect a small rapeseed crop pressuring margins, but a large sunseed crop will support margins. China should show some improvement over the remainder of the year.  Overall, our outlook for sugar is unchanged, as better pricing will offset a reduction in volume. We now believe we will crush about 15.5 million tons, which is about 1 million tons below our prior estimate. On the other hand, both sugar and ethanol prices are higher than expected as the supply-demand situation remains tight.  In foods, we expect the strong performance to continue. The competitive environment is tough, but there are some signs of easing. In fertilizer, we expect the good margin to continue, and we will look to continue increasing our market share.  Taking a look at our tax rate, we now expect the tax rate of 10% for the year. This is down from 15% previously estimated as our tax planning strategies, our capital structure and the mix of our earnings by legal entity have all developed favorably. Also, we may have been somewhat conservative in our initial estimate.  In summary, we expect 2011 to be a good year. We're looking forward to an even better in 2012, as our sugar & bioenergy and fertilizer businesses mature and agribusiness and foods continue to grow.  Now I will turn it over to the operator and open for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Just a couple of questions. One, on the North American oilseeds, some of your competitors had indicated last quarter that, as we got into the summer, we might see some capacity come out of the market. It doesn't sound like from your prepared comments that we've seen that yet. Is that correct?
Alberto Weisser: We did reduce some of this capacity because this is the time of the year where you're prepared for the harvest and you do maintenance. So we also have seen in our case some reduction in capacity.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So there's been some minor reduction beyond just what would be normal from a maintenance perspective but there's nothing...
Alberto Weisser: No, it has been normal -- the normal type of reduction.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. My other questions or my thought to that is that we also heard from some that part of the reason for -- when we look at the sea, a lot of crush margin, it looks well below average. And some in the industry have suggested that that's sort of artificial because some in the industry have better hedge positions on the growth soybean. And then as those hedges rolled off, we would likely see an improvement in the crush margin, and it might sort of coincide with an adjustment to capacity utilization. Do you agree or disagree with that?
Alberto Weisser: Last year, because of the futures exchange, we are able to lock in margins at better times. But you also have to remember that U.S. crushing is only a piece. It's 25% of all global crush. And we had a very good South American crush and so you see a balance here. But you're right, we are able to lock in margins at times when the market gives us the opportunity.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Would that piece just sort of play into your prepared comments of seeing the margins improve in the fall, sort of the behavior of the industrial changes as favorable hedges roll off in North America?
Alberto Weisser: I will say, normally, in the harvest time, there are more opportunities. The margins normally expand at that time. And also, not always the CBOT margins reflect what exactly is going on out there. And so -- but what we expect margin in general in oilseed processing being below normal or below average but improving from where they are.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then, lastly, could you just talk a little bit about the basis levels in the U.S. and how that's affecting or not affecting your business?
Alberto Weisser: I don't really know what you mean.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I mean on corn in particular, local market corn prices have gone in excess of the board, which is unusual for this time of year, and basis have moved around and some of the other crops as well. I'm just curious if that's affected your grain origination business.
Alberto Weisser: No, it has not.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bryan Spillane of Bank of America.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: It's actually Ryan Oksenhendler here for Bryan. I just wanted to ask about -- you talked -- I guess this quarter, you mentioned, and I think we asked about this last quarter, you mentioned that risk management worked well this quarter and you didn't really mention it last quarter. And so I just wanted to know like what made you change the language in terms of how you presented it. And I guess, was it material enough this quarter that it drove some of the results? Could you quantify that? Because I know you look at it kind of as one whole business and risk management is part of it. But you said last quarter, it was more of a structural -- all the earnings were structural in this quarter. I guess, maybe they weren't in agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser: Look, risk management is one of the key component of our business. Remember, our business is completely -- the timing of purchases and selling are different. Spaces are different. So risk management, it's every day's business. But perhaps what you're seeing is that last year was stronger. That might be right. The last quarter was a little bit stronger. Some of the strategies worked better. But let me tell you, this quarter, everything was very normal as expected.
Andrew Burke: You have to remember the comparison to Q2 last year is a comparison to a weaker quarter. So that is partly playing into our commentary.
Alberto Weisser: It was very certain last year.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: So more of a year-over-year basis?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Andrew Burke: Yes.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then, I guess, can you -- I know you kind of look at it as a whole chain, but it seems like your outlook for the grain side of the business is much better than the processing side. Like how much better -- can you kind compare those 2 margins? Is the processing margin that much better on a normal basis than the grain margin?
Alberto Weisser: A little bit of both, average, and processing, below average. And so when we think about the second half of the year, should be more or less like the first half of the year.
Ryan Oksenhendler - BofA Merrill Lynch: But on a normalized basis, is the grain margin higher than the processing side of the business?
Alberto Weisser: It's slightly higher, yes. Margins are slightly higher than normal, and oilseed processing is slightly lower.
Andrew Burke: That's compared to normal grain in oilseed margins. Typically, you're going to find crush margins to be higher than handling margins.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow, Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: I guess I'm trying to -- maybe you just said it, Alberto, but for agribusiness, I wanted to know if your first half, second half kind of 45-55 split is applicable for agribusiness as well. You had a really strong first half for agribusiness. So I think what people are trying to figure out here is, operationally, can we expect a similar type of result in the second half? Seasonally, the volume is more North America than South America, I imagine. And then kind of like a follow-up on that, your tax rate guidance here, I think, pretty much gives you another $0.35 per share versus what I had going into the quarter. So are you saying that operationally, everything is pretty much where you thought it would be 3 months ago, that nothing has really changed versus 3 months? Or are you saying that operationally, maybe the business is a little weaker than you thought and -- but the tax rate's a little better?
Alberto Weisser: I would say it's the opposite. I think operationally, it's better than we thought. And I'll let Drew afterwards talk about the tax rate. As we -- you heard in his comments, we were perhaps a little bit conservative. But operationally, business is better than we thought. And in terms of the second half versus first half, when we make comments about this 40, 60 and so on, it was most -- that we, most of the time, talk about the whole company. And you have to remember that we used to have -- with the nutrients business, it was the strongest quarter was always the third quarter. So we don't have the nutrients business anymore. So from the company point of view, it's still going to be strong in the second half than the first half, especially because of bioenergy and sugar and because of fertilizer. But when it comes to agribusiness, I think there is a little bit less of the 60-40. It is a little bit more balanced. But we can see a second half more or less the same as the first half. Well, the first half was better than we thought.
Robert Moskow - Crédit Suisse AG: That's very helpful, great. Also, is there anything you can comment on the news wires that we saw about the Solae business possibly being for sale? And then roughly, can you tell us, Solae, what was the contribution to your profit from Solae in the quarter and maybe the first half also?
Andrew Burke: Yes, just let me add a couple of words on your earlier tax question. I think I'd just like to reinforce what Alberto had said is the change in estimate on taxes is not because of a change, many significant change in our view on the operations, we're very comfortable with and have remained comfortable the way the operations are performing and meeting our expectation. We continually optimize our track strategies and capital structure and have continued to do that. And as I said, that have all broken quite favorably. As we've seen that develop through the year, we thought that we should update the estimate for everybody. And earlier on, we didn't think it break that favorably and add a little bit of conservatism in the number. So it's really just an update to let everybody know where it is. But it has to do solely with tax issues, not because of changes on the operating side. As to Solae, we don't comment on any market rumors, so we would not make a comment. As to the earnings impact in the first half of the year, it's not significant.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: I guess on the fertilizer side, you talked about bad debt and an inventory adjustment in the quarter. Is that done now? Or is there more to come there?
Andrew Burke: Christina, we record everything we know of, so we don't know of anything still to come. So we expect it's all there. We've gotten through. And as you know, we've been changing our footprint in opening and closing distribution centers to get to the right footprint. And as we did that, we took a deep look into the inventories and recounted everything, et cetera. And it was worth a little bit less than we thought, so we took a charge there. We don't expect anything in the future, but we continue to evolve the footprint as we go along.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And, Drew, on that front, it sounded like you were saying costs are good, margins are good and you just need to increase your share. So are you saying that this is breakeven business at this share level? Or are you still jettisoning stranded overhead and so, we're going to see profitability in the second half? And when does the business earn its cost of capital?
Alberto Weisser: This is clearly a business that is above cost of capital, but we are adjusting it at a pace that we want to do it right. So we are being very, very careful on pruning some of the businesses. We were doing, on purpose, are reducing amount of products, amount of customers that we have been targeting. So we are doing it in a very, very careful way. So remember that we think this is going to be a business that will be $50 million to $100 million. We think this is on track. It will be above cost of capital. But we are doing it in a very, very thorough way, taking it step after step. So obviously, the first priority was all about risk management, and I think this is really working well. The second -- and part of the risk management, it means what do we do, what we don't do. So we have pruned some of the business. Sometimes at first retreat between -- before you expand. So the first half of this year, we already have expanded. But we are not there yet where we want to be with the market share. We still have to do some adjustments on footprint, especially in the state of Sao Paulo, and -- but it is on track, and we are not completely done yet with our cost-cutting because you also want to do it right. Although in the program, the $120 million program we mentioned in Bunge Brazil is on track. We will get there. So it is very easy to get back the market share. This is a commercial business. We could have gotten it back, but we want to do it the right way. So I feel very good where we are in the fertilizer business.
Andrew Burke: Okay, Christina, just a couple of additions. Remember, it's more of a second half business volume-wise than it was previously. The nutrients business, it usually had a pretty good second quarter. The distribution businesses are smaller in the second quarter and the volumes come in the second half of the year. So as you get into the higher volume period and as we're able to capture market share, as Alberto said, in the right way, you get the leverage you need to start to see the profits.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. We saw some proof [ph] anticipatory buying in Brazil. That's why I was a little surprised second quarter wasn't a little bit better there. But I understand the commentary, thank you. And then, Drew, going back, just expanding on Rob Moskow's question on the tax rate, is there anything in this tax strategy that maybe offsets the effect of a stronger real? Or how should we think about the real in the second half?
Andrew Burke: We use a variety of strategies to mitigate the impact of the real and capital structure is one of the opportunities. But I wouldn't say it's directly related to tax. It's related to broader strategies. I think certainly a stronger real is a little bit negative for us, but we factored it in to everything we've said about the second half of the year. And again, our business mix is better than historically because the mining business was much more susceptible to a strong real than the sugar businesses is. So clearly a headwind, but I don't think it's -- I think it's factored in to all our comments. And the biggest thing we've done is we've talked about the one Brazil program. And the best way for us to address it is to continually get more efficient and drive our SG&A costs out and industrial costs out that are exposed to the real. So when you put that all together, I think we're managing it pretty well.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And last question, Alberto, if we think about soybean production, we have less acreage in the U.S., less acreage in China. Argentina may be planting less beans and more corn. So I wanted to get your view on how you think it will play out, I think, over the next 6 to 12 months. And also, if we see China start to rebuild their hog herd and their soybean meal demand increase, do you think it's going to be a lot of supply coming out of Brazil in this circumstance and what would that mean?
Alberto Weisser: These higher prices obviously have allowed also farmers to use much more technology. So we have seen that the harvests we are finishing now in the Southern Hemisphere, the yield was higher than expected. And based on the purchasing of fertilizer we are seeing in South America, we continue believing that there will be above trend yields. So it's very early to say because planting really in the Southern Hemisphere will start only in September. But all indications are that we also should see a strong crop from the Southern Hemisphere. So it's a little bit early to talk about Southern Hemisphere because we are not even in yet. We are not even done yet with the complete growth in the Northern Hemisphere. But we see -- we are seeing the right increase in supply. The supply is expanding at the rate that is in line or a little bit above demand. So we hope that the supply-demand imbalances will diminish.
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken of Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: Just on your drop in sugar volume expectations, I assume that's largely tied to the weather. But has there been in any delays or structural issues at your plants that are reducing your overall volume expectations?
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely not. We are very happy with all the issues we had last year with the 2 mills that were not running perfectly. All 8 mills are running very well. The yields are good. I think we were when we said -- the beginning of the year, we indicated the crush volumes, we were a little bit optimistic. So we have fine-tuned this, and we see these volumes much more realistic. Obviously, it's always weather-related. But as Drew said, the reduction in volume was offset with higher prices. So we see this year and next year exactly as we have seen it before, in terms of earnings. We are very comfortable where we are in sugar & bioenergy.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And then just a follow-up then, in terms of the backup at the ports, a delay in the season, I think, has contributed to that. But it seems like it's a little worse this year than maybe in prior years, lasting a little longer. Is there anything you're doing to help alleviate that? How is that impacting your overall returns in volumes? Maybe you could talk a little bit about that.
Alberto Weisser: Well, I thought last year was worse because there was an imperfection in the futures market, which made people run to the port with deliveries. And I think it's the traditional imperfections of the Brazilian port system and the logistics. But I thought last year was worse.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Company: And is anything being done to alleviate the situation?
Alberto Weisser: Well, we are investing as well. Everybody is investing. This year is not a significant increase in the volumes for exports, but everybody is investing along the chain. We are also considering investing in this area, the expanding our Paraguay operations. I think we are more efficient in Santos this year. We have fine-tuned the whole chain the way we bring in the costs, the real costs and so on. So Bunge is performing better this year than it's performing last year, so -- and we will continue working on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Diane Geissler from CLSA.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: I just want to follow up on the sugar question. So is the reduction of volume primarily related to the freeze? Or is it because you have that drought last year and nobody really knew sort of what kind of impact that would have on yields this year? Can you give me some idea about that? And what's really behind the question is as we look into 2012, obviously, I know it's really early, but are your -- obviously, freeze would be a much shorter-lived event, right, versus a drought. So I'm just trying to get an idea about will it impact your expectations about 2012. And then I have a follow-up on oilseeds.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, it's both. It's a better view on how deep the impact was on the drought at the end of the season and also some related to the frost [indiscernible]. But as I mentioned before, this will completely offset with the higher prices. So the prices are both on ethanol and sugar are higher. And it's early to talk about next year, but what is important is that our planting program is on track. So for next year, we feel comfortable. Even if for what reason ever, we should have a smaller crop. We are confident -- comfortable because prices are higher than they were before. So it's too early to say, but the picture for next year is positive.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: What will your total processing capabilities be in 2012 in sugar?
Alberto Weisser: It's 21 million tons.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: 21 million.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. So we are doing our utmost to get wherever we can close to that number.
Diane Geissler - Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc.: Sure. Sure, okay. And then just I wanted to ask on your commentary, Drew, and the outlook about the long tail of the South American harvest and its impact on North American margins in the oilseed crush. I've had a lot of conversations with sort of people in the industry. And I think your biggest competitor was under the impression that things are going to improve in sort of 6 months time. But based on your comments here today on the outlook, it would suggest that margins in at least North American crush will remain pressured for at least 6 to 9 months a year. Do you have a viewpoint on when we might see some improvement in the North American crush margins?
Andrew Burke: I think the improvement in the North American crush margins will mainly driven by demand. And then I think what we're signaling, we think we see in the fourth quarter is the export demand being more out of South America than prior years. So it will put a little bit of pressure on the margins. For us, overall, that's not necessarily that negative because we crush in South America too. Alberto may want to give his view, but I do think it's going to take a while for the U.S. to work through the excess capacity. We need to have the demand grow into it. The oil side feels pretty good, but the mill side still feels pretty weak.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we don't want to give you the wrong impression. This year, it's going to be the harvest is going to help. We -- next year, it's a little bit early to say, but demand is not that strong. Obviously, global meat demand is up, poultry 3%, pork 1.5%. So things are moving. And so let's wait and see a little bit more. We need to see a little bit more demand in U.S. On the other side, there are some positives. We have, over the years, developed a much better export market into Mexico and Central America, which is 40 million people living in Central America and nearly 100 million in Mexico. So that is a new market that was not so much available before and also with less DDGS getting into the market. So we will see a pickup on the soybean meal demand. So we are cautiously optimistic, but it's too early to say when it exactly will happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tim Tiberio from Chardan Capital.
Tim Tiberio - Chardan Capital Markets, LLC: I guess my question is regarding crush margins in South America. How are you seeing crush margins, I guess, develop within Brazil versus Argentina? Has there been a material difference? I know we've heard some concerns about farmers delaying selling beans in Argentina and just was curious how that is potentially developing.
Alberto Weisser: I think margin in both countries have converging over the years, and they have been good. It's one of the reasons we did well, so the crush margins have been well. But obviously, it's now coming to the end of the season. So naturally, it's the time of the year when margins start to be reduced and that's why we use risk management tools to lock in margins at the earlier time. But margins have been good and in a very seasonal way are reducing now.
Tim Tiberio - Chardan Capital Markets, LLC: And just one last question back to the tax issue. Looking out to 2012, should we still assume this 10% effective rate? Or is this a situation where maybe because of lower Chinese soybean exports in the first half and lower sugar ethanol exports compared historically, is that a situation where you're just recovering more of the VAT tax in Brazil and is that one of the key drivers of the lower tax rate?
Andrew Burke: It's not the VAT or the export taxes. For 2012, I would use a slightly higher rate. I think you're going to see much stronger sugar and fertilizer profits next year than you saw this year. And those profits will occur in a relatively high tax rate entity for us. So I would expect to see it creep up but actually because of profits in those 2 businesses and being more of a percentage of our total percentage than any other reason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Farmer of Jefferies & Company.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: You guys have -- earlier in the call, you outlined several grain and oilseed investments. Some have either recently come online or sounds like they're about to come online. As you look out to 2012, what could that mean to your agribusiness volume growth?
Alberto Weisser: Look, let me give you a little bit broader picture. In the last 2 years, we have invested more or less $2.5 billion in sugar, bioenergy, agribusiness and everything. So far, very little has come from these investments. And over the next 12 to 18 months, all of them are going to in one way or the other start contributing. So obviously, it's a pain to get through all buying and building, but all of this is coming out through. So we think we will be continue, more or less, investing half of our CapEx or around half of it is in agribusiness. So when you think about it, it is probably more or less around $500 million. So this means in agribusiness, we expect to continue also growing our earnings similar to the whole company, 10%, 12% per annum. The demand is there. It's a very strong demand around the world, and we are continuing investing in it. But obviously, we are all happy that after this massive investments over the last 2 years, we are going to start seeing not only profits but also cash flow from it.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: If you look at these facilities again, just from a volume perspective, there's a common sort of step function or once you get these facilities open, the volume numbers come quickly. You reach capacity utilization quickly. And I guess as a follow-up to that, when you open some of these new facilities, are you taking volume from other facilities, a little bit of cannibalization, or typically do you see pretty much all-new volume you're able to win?
Alberto Weisser: I think what is happening more is that as we're increasing our market share and because if poultry is growing at 3% per annum, soybean meal demand this year should be growing at 8%, next year, 5%, so this is huge amounts. This requires 1, 2 plants per year. So this is more or less, most of the time when you're talking about oilseed processing, most of them is ramping them up pretty fast to full capacity. Now on sugar & bioenergy, and it's a little bit more complicated as we have been explaining it, which is we need to planting, and going from 13.5 last year. Although we didn't run all the plants, we had problems this year, all plants are running well. But we only have 15.5 million tons of sugarcane, next year, we hope to get as close as possible to full capacity. So there is a ramp-up in the sugar & bioenergy. And in the case of the terminals, I would say the first 6 months, you need to ramp them up, so the Nikolayev and the Longview probably will not see large contribution this year. But we should see them operating at full capacity next year. So that's why when we say all this $2.5 billion coming online, it's over the next 12 to 18 months. So by the end of 18 month, all of them should be running at full capacity.
Jeffrey Farmer - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, and just a follow-up on the sugarcane. You've outlined this on the prior call, and I think, offline, I've been given some color on this. But in terms of getting that $21 million, it sounds like at least over the last few months, you have pretty good confidence about your ability to do that based on I'd say, sort of replanting. A lot more of that cane than it normally would? And then the fact that some of that newer cane is going to have a much higher yield? So can you give us some color on that and again just get us a little more confident about that $21 million -- or that 21 million ton number in 2012?
Alberto Weisser: It is much too early. So it is too early, but we are still planting. So we really, confidently, we will only be able to tell this in the February call for next year. And the only comment I make is let's assume a similar situation that we have this year. Let's assume we would have a lower volume. What I want the market to understand is it is not only volume. Today, the prices of ethanol and sugar more than offset the drop in 1 million ton that we had this year. So we have to see the combination of two: prices and volume. Because it is the contribution margin in this business is so high, price has as much of an impact as volume has. So we feel good about this year, and we feel very good about next year. I want to take a little bit the concern away. There are lots of people talking about shorter crop this year, and we have to see always both. And we feel very good about this year and next year.
Andrew Burke: Yes, just to add one thing to that so everybody has the same understanding. I think we are probably one of the leaders in planting sugarcane crop this year and planting more than others are as a percentage of our volume. So if there is a crop shortfall for us, it will be industry-wide in all likelihood. And I think that's why Alberto -- I know that's what Alberto is saying, it's going to be reflected in pricing because it's not Bunge-specific issue, it would be an industry issue.
Operator: Our next question is from Christine Healey of Scotia Capital.
Christine Healy - Scotia Capital Inc.: Alberto, you've recently made some comments in the press on your plans to expand into Canada with the imminent removal of the Canadian Wheat Board. Maybe you can talk about why this makes Canada more attractive for Bunge and also give us an idea on how you expect to grow here, given that Viterra, Cargill and Richardson control 80% of the market? Would M&A be an option to Bunge?
Alberto Weisser: It was taken a little bit out of context, my comment, because we were in Canada, the groundbreaking ceremony to expand, double our capacity in Altona. And journalists asked about it and my answer was a very general answer, that for us, it's very important to have free trade in general. And it was more reacting to the news that we were reading about the intention of the federal government in Canada to move in that direction. And my reaction, my comment was in an environment like that, it is very natural that companies like us, who are the largest canola processor, who have all the infrastructure on origination and so on, that we will also try to get involved on grain to make everything more efficient, so -- but we are obviously in the wait-and-see situation. This has been going on for a while. We have to wait until the decision is taken by the authorities on what to do.
Christine Healy - Scotia Capital Inc.: Okay. And if legislation is introduced in the fall, like it's planned, and we here think it is going to happen, would Bunge be interested then in getting grain elevators in Western Canada? Or would you be looking to just try to merchandise with those actual infrastructure?
Alberto Weisser: Well, I will not tell you exactly what our plans are, but let me tell you we have 6 elevators in the Eastern Canada. We have one in Western Canada. But I think it would be very natural that we would start adding and improving, using all of our infrastructure to also do some participate in the grain business.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll from Citi Investment Research.
Cornell Burnette: This is Cornell Burnette with a question for David. Just wanted to know the timing on the new capacity, oilseed processing capacity in Canada. When is that expected to come online? And then secondly, given maybe some of the weakness we've seen in the North American processing market due to overcapacity, do you think this new capacity can be absorbed by the market?
Alberto Weisser: We think so, absolutely. This is expected to come on stream sometime in the first half of 2013. So Altona is not in my $2.5 billion list that I mentioned of '12. So this is something later. And we believe there is worldwide -- we know it is very, very clear, the demand picture is very strong. Canola is a very important oilseed, and Canada is able to expand its production. It has already nearly doubled in over the last 5 years -- 8 years, and it can do more. There's fallow land, there's -- or land available, and we see the right supply-demand. And what is even more important for us is that we want to have the most efficient plan. So we will -- this is one, but we will also be working on our other plans to make them all part of the first quartile in terms of efficiencies. So we think there is enough demand and there is also enough supply for us to do that. Now the picture in soybean processing in U.S. is a little bit different. So we do think also it will stabilize, but we don't know if it's going to be by the end of this year or it will be next year. Demand has to continue picking up. Demand is positive from the soy oil, especially on biodiesel. And as mentioned also the last competition from DDGS, we expect also that the demand will pick up on protein, so -- but these are 2 different pictures. Canola and soy are different.
Operator: And our next question comes from Ken Zaslow of BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Just a housekeeping question. The 45-55 split, is that EPS or operating profit split when you think about it?
Alberto Weisser: I think both. We normally talk EPS and net income, but it's both.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: And even with the third quarter -- and then, can you just clarify why the third quarter is -- and I can't fare exactly from your commentary if it's going to be weaker. It sounds like fourth quarter is going to be the strongest. But what's going on in the third quarter to make it somewhat less opportunistic, I guess?
Andrew Burke: I don't think it's more or less opportunistic, Ken. I think we see 2 factors that I would say are the primary ones. We do think that North American harvest will prove seasonally, our North America cross margins with the harvest, and we expect most of that to show up in the fourth quarter. We're also looking at a big sunseed crop in Europe, with expanded margins probably both in our crushing business and our food business and that will mostly realize in the fourth quarter. So it's really the crop cycle versus anything that's happening in our business and the way it will play out. And maybe we're paying a little too much attention to it. We just wanted to let everybody else know how our earnings were likely going to flow the rest of the year. It's not a severe thing, but it's just the way it's going to play. I think maybe the way we said it, people are thinking it's more severe than it is.
Alberto Weisser: Also, the reason we mentioned it is also you got -- you were used just in the past to see much stronger third quarter because we had the nutrients business. So we will find out how it is slightly more weighted and sugar & bioenergy is strong in both quarters but a little bit stronger in the fourth quarter. Fertilizer is probably a little bit better in the third quarter than in the fourth. So we don't know -- we don't want to say exactly the percentage as these things are shaping up, but it's likely more in the fourth quarter.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Do you think that the increase in the trade out of the Black Sea is actually positive or negative for you guys? I was just confused in the wording and your commentary on that.
Alberto Weisser: It's very positive. Remember, we had all that fixed-cost overheads that we really need the volumes. And the world needs them, the Middle East, Northern Africa really needs all that products. It's positive.
Andrew Burke: And, Ken, remember earlier this year, we bought the Nikolayev port that has 3 million tons of export capacity coming out of the Black Sea region.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: So your product that you move around the world, you're indifferent to wheat, soybeans and corn? I guess what will be coming out of the Eastern Europe would be more wheat-based, right?
Alberto Weisser: It is more wheat. But it's also more -- there's also some seeds. There's barley. There are other kind of products.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Are you going to capitalize on the greater Russian and Ukrainian wheat crop? Is that where you're moving? Or you're moving the rapeseed out of -- through the Black Sea? I was just trying to...
Alberto Weisser: No, no. It's really the grain. It's mostly wheat, but also barley, sunseed out of Russia, Ukraine and a little bit Kazakhstan.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. So you're indifferent to what product is moving on your boat?
Alberto Weisser: We are indifferent, yes.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: That's what I was trying to figure out.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Also, I think we have to remember that it is positive for us because we have been -- we got used a little bit to these high prices. But you have to remember that this is not always very good for high price -- it's not good for the end consumer. So if prices -- if there's more supply and prices come down, you pick up on the demand side. You might have a little bit less margin, but you have more volume. So we tend to be indifferent on commodity prices. If prices are lower, we tend to pick it up on higher volumes.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Okay. No, but I guess I was trying to figure out, I think there was a -- one of your competitors would probably not benefit from the increased trade flow out of Eastern Europe. And it sounds like you guys would actually benefit from -- that's usually implied as a negative for the industry when Russia comes on because that means less soybean meal going to Europe, all that stuff. That's why I was just trying to figure out how it's playing out, but you guys seem positive on it.
Alberto Weisser: Very positive. We have become quite large in that part of the world and, normally, it contributes. And last year, we had 0 contribution. In fact, no contribution in some -- negative contribution from that. We are very happy that the supply is abundant and not perhaps as abundant as it can be, but it's very positive.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets U.S.: Can you talk about the difference between the Brazilian crush margins that maybe we're seeing versus your optimism on the crush margin side in Brazil? It's hard for us to -- and I know there's a lot of things going on but the crush margins we're looking at seem somewhat negative almost, not good at all, and you guys seem pretty optimistic again. So I'm just trying to -- is it how you're buying it? Is it how you're moving it? What is actually the difference?
Alberto Weisser: No, you're right, the replacement margins, this time of the year, go to 0 because whoever want to operate spot will not make any money. So you obviously have to have a program where you buy early and you crush. So spot, the margins are -- it's the tail of the crop and they tend to be very bad. But it's all about how you position yourself early and how you buy, how you hedge, so results were very good and things are fine. So going into -- but it's tailing off.
Operator: And our next question comes from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I hate to beat this horse, but I just want to make sure I understand what you're saying, Alberto. It's clear you've got some new facilities in the Black Sea, just the fact that you're going to be able to move volume through is going to be a positive to you. But I just want to make sure that to be clear, you're saying that incremental positive of having those new facilities there and having product there, which you didn't have last year, is still better than -- we know there's going to be some offset from the global market unwinding slightly, as Russia begins to export again. But your view is at a net positive even though there is -- there's some type of giveback in there from a dislocation perspective?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that's positive because last year, we missed 25 million tons of the grains. So imagine the whole world missed this 25 million, but it was compensated by higher margins. But now you have these 25 million tons, so you will have lower margin around the world. But for us, this is net-net positive in our grain business.
Operator: That was our last question. Are there any closing remarks?
Mark Haden: We do not. Thank you, everyone, for tuning in. Have a good day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-04 10:00:00) =====
Executive: Mark Haden - IR Alberto Weisser - CEO & Chairman Jacqualyn Fouse - CFO
Analyst: Diane Geissler - CSLA Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research 
Operator:  Good day. Welcome to Bunge Limited's fourth quarter 2009 conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Please go ahead, sir. 
Mark Haden: Thank you, James. And thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before we get started I want to inform you that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion. It can be found in the investor information section of our website bunge.com under investor presentations. Reconciliations for the non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the investor information section. I'd like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events and financial performance and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation. And encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and CEO; and Jackie Fouse, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. And now, I will turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser : Thank you, Mark, and good morning, everyone. 2009 was a tough year for Bunge and we are clearly not happy about the fourth quarter. For the year fertilizer generated significant losses which stem from a difficult market characterized by high cost inventory and a weak price environment. Our lessons learned have shown that the retail industries approach to managing inventories needs to be improved. We have made changes to our business in Brazil with an aim to significantly reduce risks associated with price and foreign exchange volatility. We have constantly dated responsibility raw material sourcing and end product sales and we are working to reduce lead times on purchases and adjust our cost structure. Agribusiness results for the quarter were lower than expected. Our operations in the US and Europe performed well, but these results were largely offset by losses in our whole South American value chain. That said for the full year agribusiness showed a solid performance in a volatile market. In agri-oils we produced strong results in the quarter as well as the year. The steps we have taken to improve efficiency, product mix and cost structure of this business are paying off. 2009 and the first month of 2010 was also time of significant strategic actions that leaves us well positioned for growth and solid returns in the future. We decided to sell our fertilizer in Brazil. This transaction will enable us to realize the full value of these operations and to redeploy our resources into our core agribusiness and food ingredients businesses. It will also help us to expand further and to complement our value chains such as sugar and bio-energy. Late in 2009 we took a big step to establish a larger presence in this value chain when we entered into agreements to acquire Moema. This will increase our sugarcane milling capacity to approximately 20 million tons per year. Investing in our core businesses and expanding into complementary value chains are two parts of our corporate strategy which also calls for improving our efficiency and leveraging our unique operating model. On slide four you can see the strategic plans we have for our core businesses. First agribusiness, we are a leading oilseed processor and have a strong position in grains and will continue to build share in growth markets. Part of our work will involve expanding and improving our asset network. The actions we took in 2009 included launching construction of a state of the art export grain terminal in the US that will enable us to export larger volumes of grains and oilseeds to customers in Asia. We also began construction of an integrated soybean processing plant at Fumi port, the first of its kind in Vietnam. Second, food ingredients. We are strengthening our edible oil business by improving our positions in key markets and moving into new geographies. We'll also offer new value added oil products and will maintain strong positions in wheat and corn dry milling. In 2009 we acquired Raisio margarine business in Finland and Poland which facilitated our entry into new European markets and will improve our efficiency. Finally fertilizer, this business will continue to make a meaningful contribution to our overall results, although a smaller one, and will serve as a valuable compliment to our agribusiness operations. Still we will work to optimize our regional businesses, strengthen our relationships with farmers and establish beneficial raw material supply arrangements. Our JV in Morocco is a good example of this last point. Last month we took an important step of acquiring Petrobras fertilizer business in Argentina which expands our product portfolio in that country. Now to slide five. Our strategy also entails moving into a complementary value chains where there are opportunities for growth. Sugar and bioenergy is one of our priorities. This is an important market in which Bunge can excel. The big move we made with Moema will position us well to supply global and domestic demand for sugar and ethanol. Long term global sugar demand is growing at 3% per year and ethanol demand in Brazil is growing at 9%. We expect our larger sugar and bioenergy business to contribute strongly to our top and bottom lines in 2010. As we see additional opportunity to expand our milling capacity. We also consider Palm an attractive value chain and we will be looking to strengthen our food and ingredients portfolio as well. On slide six we outline our medium term growth targets. We continue to expect average EPS growth of 10 to 12% per year. For volume growth we are targeting 5 to 7% in agribusiness, 5 to 7% in fertilizer, 3 to 5% in food and ingredients and 8 to 10% in sugar and bioenergy. These growth rates are product of our expansion plans and also the underlying growth trends that drive our industry. United Nations estimates that the world will need to increase food production by 70% in the next four decades to meet the needs of a larger population with higher living standards and growing population in places like Asia, the Middle East and North Africa increasingly rely on farmers in the Americas and Eastern Europe which is driving increased trade. So we enter 2010 with the right strategy, strong businesses, a solid financial position and an excellent team. That's why I'm feeling very good about where we are and the year ahead. Now, Jackie, she will provide us with additional detail of our results. 
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Thank you, Alberto. Good morning, everyone. On slide seven we show some highlights from the income statement for the fourth quarter and full year 2009. Overall volumes for the quarter were down 6% driven by agribusiness for the reduced supply of soybeans in South America impacted origination, crush and destination distribution. This more than offset strong percentage volume growth in fertilizer as that demand returned to a more typical seasonal buying pattern in Brazil. Full year volume growth of 2% resulted from the continued expansion of our sugar and bioenergy business and the return of fertilizer demand growth. EBIT for the quarter was negatively impacted by lower fertilizer prices which kept margins under pressure, especially in potash. In addition, though better than a week fourth quarter of 2008, agribusiness results in the quarter were poor in South America due to a lack of soybeans and this largely offset very good performance in both the US and Europe where margins were strong. Despite the soft quarter agribusiness had a very good year in 2009 in the midst of a weak demand environment. Our food and ingredients business recovered quite nicely in both the quarter and full year. For edible oils in particular we saw improved results in both the US and Europe from better pricing and product mix as well as significant efforts by our teams made to reduce our cost structure and in Europe the business benefited from acquisitions we have made in margarines and the consolidations we are achieving in that business. Results for the quarter were also favorably impacted by the sale of our minority stake in Sitel. The lower than previously anticipated fertilizer prices and the poor results in South American agribusiness for the quarter caused us to produce lower net income and EPS for the full year than the guidance we gave back in October. On slide eight, we provide some detail regarding our effective tax rate. The continued losses in fertilizer as well as those in South American agribusiness during the quarter added to the benefit from taxes in the fourth quarter. The mix in 2009 of significant losses in Brazil where the tax rate is relatively high and income earned in lower tax jurisdictions drives a 76% effective tax rate benefit for the full year. We expect to return to a more normalize effective tax rate situation in 2010 and I will cover that in a moment in the outlook. Turning to slide nine in the balance sheet, our balance sheet continues to be strong. Operating working capital was well managed in the quarter but finished the full year above the level of 12-31-08 due to lower accounts payable in fertilizer. Inventories were down partly driven by lower volumes in South American agribusiness, but also due to lower inventory in fertilizer as sales volumes picked up in Q4. Our cash agro base stayed flat at about 47 days in both 2009 and 2008. In 2009 we achieved improvements in the management of receivables in inventory, but these were offset by lower accounts payable in fertilizer. Our liquidity position remains very strong within excess of $3 billion of committed available borrowing capacity. Moving on to slide 10 and cash flow, cash flow from operations was positive through the quarter driven by good working capital management. For the full year cash flow from operations was negative $368 million as a result of both higher working capital for the full year impacted by fertilizer accounts payable and weak profitability which caused funds from operations to be very low. CapEx spending came in as expected and roughly in line with the 2008 level. With respect to the outlook for 2010, on slide 11 we highlight some of the high level trends we see today. We believe that these trends bode well for a solid year to come. The economic environment is improving for our product category and demand projections have recovered to 4% from mill growth and 5% for oil growth in 2010. This and the expectation for large crops around the world should be positive for volumes in all of our segments. Farmer economics remain good and retail fertilizer in Brazil should see growth with normalized margins. Sugar and ethanol pricing should be supported by tight supplies and the Moema acquisition will give us the scale to better capture opportunities in this segment. With those trends in mind we present our numerical guidance for 2010 on slide 12. We expect earnings per share in the range of $5.75 to $6.25 assuming dilution from our convertible preference shares and shares issued in the context of the Moema transaction. Depreciation, depletion and amortization should be in the range of $450 million to $500 million and capital spending in the range of $750 to $850 million. Our effective tax rate should stabilize in a range of 18% to 22%. The above assumes we close on the Moema transaction in February and it excludes the fertilizer nutrients business we plan to sell to valley with a May closing date as well as the resulting gain on that sale. Finally to give you a bit more color on our expectations for CapEx spending in 2010 on slide 13 we provide the breakdown of our planned spending by segment. In agribusiness we will prioritize projects related to logistics, optimizing our oilseeds footprint and expanding in Asia. In sugar and bioenergy we will focus on mill expansions and cogeneration projects. We have opportunities to continue to ramp up our existing projects as well as to pursue expansion projects in the Moema mills. Project in both fertilizer and food and ingredients are designed to make us ever more efficient in those segments. The level of spending in our plan is supported by our projected cash flow generation and we will continue to remain disciplined with respect to project returns. Each project we invest in will contribute to successful execution of our overall strategies. Now quickly before I open the call to Q and A let me just say a few words about segment reporting for 2010. We plan to break-out sugar and bioenergy as a separate segment starting with the first quarter. This business was previously included in agribusiness. We will continue to report fertilizer as a segment, though on a go forward basis it will consist only of the retail business in Brazil and the businesses in Argentina, the US and our Moroccan JV. Of course, we will have to report the results of the nutrients business being sold until we close that transaction. Edible oils and milling will continue to be reported as they are today. With that thank you for your attention and I would now like to open the call up to Q and A.
Operator: Thank you. Today's question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (operator instruction). We'll pause for a moment. We'll take our first question from  Diane Geissler with CSLA
Diane Geissler - CSLA: Good morning. Just a question on your CapEx, if I look at the amount of capital you've spent over the last five years about 3.5 billion and if I assume D&A as a good proxy for the maintenance, that suggests you spent about a billion seven in kind of growth capital opportunities, however you want to term it. Can you tell me what is the return that you've seen on the growth piece of CapEx over the last five years?
Alberto Weisser: We have not done an exact audit, Diane, on the last five years, but we did the most recent one we did an audit of our last 30 projects that were an operation after two, three years and with the exception of one all 29 were above our hurdle rates. So which is higher than our lock. So I suspect that we should be in the same area. So they should be above our lock. Significantly above our lock.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Diane, another way to think about it is if you would take a weighted average cost of capital and then the two percentage points above that target that we have for each business and then gross that up by say 30% or so to get to a hurdle rate, that's more or less the kind of return that you would be looking at on average because we expect new -- the growth projects to earn returns that would compensate us for the fact that we have some mandatory spend and some maintenance spend and that really don't produce that same level of return.
Diane Geissler - CSLA: And what do you use internally for WAC?
Jacqualyn Fouse: It varies by geography and business unit because we have risk factors priced into take those different risk profiles into consideration. The number for Bunge Limited is somewhere between 9% and 10% right now.
Diane Geissler - CSLA: Okay. And then in terms of the guidance that you've given for 2010, given the year that you had in 2009 it seems optimistic. Can you maybe talk about what the components are? What are you assuming for the sugar business? What are you assuming for agribusiness, fertilizer even if you can just give a broad percentage breakdown?
Alberto Weisser: We feel that in terms of agribusiness '10 should be a good year and more or less in line with '09. We might have perhaps slightly smaller lower crush margins, but this will be picked up by more volume. The picture is quite positive in terms of volume demand. USDA is estimating an increase of 4% in soybean meal and 5% in oil and we see it similarly. I think there is some upside on the oil part of the component.  We believe that the large South American crop should give some opportunities. So we feel quite good in terms of agribusiness that it should be similar like it was in '09. Now food and ingredients as you have seen, we have been able to adjust and improve quite some of our businesses that were here they are underperforming and especially with more stable prices it is easier to operate in the food and ingredients areas.  So we are optimistic in this area that there should be some growth and in case of sugar and bioenergy obviously it is very early, very low, very early and our starting base is low when you think about last year. We only had one and a half mills operating, but I think we have taken a very conservative view of what is possible to do in terms of pricing and margin in the area of sugar and ethanol. You have to remember that we have a good visibility with especially in the case of sugar in terms of the future prices in the year. So we are looking in terms of pricing more or less what we see on New York 11 on the future's market and on fertilizer we obviously are being very careful. We think we have adjusted the retail business to the way we want it to be.  Obviously there might be some fine tuning. We think most of our, if not all, I think it is all of our higher cost inventory is sold. So we are not carrying anything into the new year. So we have significantly reduced our price risk and so we are taking a very careful approach in the area of retail. Our whole fertilizer business we will obviously see it as we perform during the year, but it should be a business that should be performing between $50 million and $80 million a year. So we have been very careful also how we assumed how we will invest the funds that we will receive from valley. So I feel very good about it. I think it is very realistic guidance.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Maybe just one additional point on the sugar, sorry, Diane, didn't mean to interrupt you, is that if you take incremental impact of Moema, our expectation is that it would be more or less a 5% or so accretive. So that's $0.30 or so.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Bryan Spillane with Banc of America.
Unidentified Analyst : Hi, guys. Actually it's Ryan (Oxhenmer) in place of Bryan. I just have question on the past call we had on the sale of the nutrients business. I forgot who it was but someone asked, what you thought of the divesture would be compared to consensus and you guys answered that you thought it would be the only way it would be dilutive is if you kind of had the cash sitting on the books and your guidance here basically in the guidance consensus S580 and your guidance is, you know, basically now it's neutral to accretive.  So I'm kind of wondering what has changed since then?
Jacqualyn Fouse: I don't think anything has changed necessarily. What we're assuming in the guidance just so everybody's clear about the base is that the transaction would close in the month of May and that we would in relatively short order pay down some components of our debt where the economics makes sense to do that and that can be on the order of, $1 billion up to a billion five. It just depends we have to go through them one-by-one and look at it and that the remainder of the money would sit in cash earning in money market return for the rest of the year. So that's the way that we have built the guidance. Obviously that will not be exactly the way that things play out, but we think at least it gives you a way to know we've looked at it.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. So does the guidance include you owning that business for the first five months of the year or does that exclude?
Jacqualyn Fouse: We have excluded that from the guidance. Now remember that for that business the first few months of the year are normally not particularly impactful month anyway.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay. And then also I guess on the, you kind of sound like you feel you can get back to normalized margins for the year across in most of your segments. I mean with the stronger riyal? It sounds like you'd have a headwind there and the amount I think you said you've had about a billion dollars of fixed cost is. That going to change significantly with the sale of the nutrients business?
Alberto Weisser: Look at the, let's say we think we had a very good year both last year and the year before in agribusiness and in '09 we had a very good year in food and ingredients. So let's not forget it was a solid performance. What really hammered us was the problems in fertilizer. Now when we look forward in terms of the real, the biggest impact of the strong real was on our mining business and if I'm not mistaken it's probably our exposure, our cost exposure is now reduced to $500 million, something like that, which is 50% of what it was and so the headwinds from the real should be a little bit less.
Jacqualyn Fouse: When the deal settles, that's correct. The other thing that we have been doing is taking advantage of moves in the Real to put on some cost hedges. So we think that we've done a pretty decent job of protecting the down side risk of Real appreciation while leaving ourselves the upside to benefit from devaluation because we've put on option-based hedging strategies.
Operator: We'll move on to Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: In the quarter can you give us a little bit more detail what happened in the agribusiness? It's just not clear?
Alberto Weisser: The reduction in volume in South America was significant. So you probably saw that agribusiness was down in the quarter, but if you exclude sugar, which was up, our agribusiness volume in the quarter was something like 15% down. So we really did not have basically we did not have products to buy and to process and to move. So that was the most important component, plus margins were lower, but it also affected. That's why we see it the South American value chain. It obviously also affected our destination business into Europe and into Asia. So volume was down and margins basically.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Maybe I'm misunderstanding this, but there's been like a lot of reports out there saying that there were no soybeans in South America. There was nothing, I wasn't that surprised that there were no soybeans and I'm not nearly as closes on you guys. Like what changed I guess is what I'm really trying to figure out?
Alberto Weisser: It's probably more on the margin side. We might have been a little bit optimistic on the margin side. It was tougher.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I don't know. It's curious that your intelligence is no better than my intelligence which is just interesting that you guys were surprised that there were no soybeans in South America. In terms of the cash how much cash will you guys net, net when everything is done? How much cash will you have on the balance sheet that you can use?
Jacqualyn Fouse: You mean post the sales closing, Ken?
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Well, post what you have, if there's any, you know, cash that has to go, any restricted cash, anything like that. Like what is the net cash that you're going to have after this transaction?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, at the end of the year we had a little over $500 million some of that is cash that has to just sort of stay in the pipeline on a global basis for any given point in time. So two or $300 million is kind of always in the system and then maybe the rest is cash that we could access, but at year-end the cash balance is more significantly lower than they were before and the balance in was lower than it was before as well given the way everything played out during 2009. So if you just take that number, I don't view it as being that material, there's been material impact really is going to come post the sale of the nutrients business and fertilizer to valley.  I believe in previous press releases we have talked about expecting the net proceeds on that sale from a case basis to be more or less $3.5 billion. So you think about that, if you think about we will look at the components of debt, it will make sense for us to repay and I said a moment ago that that's 1 to $1.5 million probably but again these numbers are more or less numbers as we see them right now. Then you would be looking at post the sales closing a cash balance of a couple billion dollars or so.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then into next year when you're thinking about the crush margins and I'm assuming, then, in the US they're going to fall a little bit, how comfortable are you knowing that you guys will have the soybeans in South America and the outlook? I mean it's not exactly building a lot of confidence in agribusiness outlook given what happened in the quarter. Can you give a little way to think about the comfort and give us some confidence that you guys actually have a decent handle on the outlook for agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser: Look, I don't think nobody knows exactly how the future will be, but we feel that based on past experiences and the kind of forward businesses we are doing, we have a relatively good feeling about the way the year will be. So the crop is better. Demand is better. So there will be some weakness in the margins, but we are compensating them.
Jacqualyn Fouse: It looks like the cycle in South America for harvest is starting a little bit early. So we think that the activity will pick up there nicely here pretty soon and given our asset footprint, we should benefit relatively more from a solid environment in South America.
Alberto Weisser: And also, Ken, you have to be realistic about when you talk about our business, how difficult it is to get the quarter right. So when we look at the year and we look at the earnings of agribusiness in '09, I think there is always a chance that you have some movement into either the third quarter or the first quarter of next year. So we always like to remind that estimating things for the quarter are very difficult.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I understand that. the fertilizer business I get that business, kind of stunk this year, but I'm just the agribusiness, I look at ADM and they put up a hell of a quarter and they're in to similar type of business as you guys are and there's a disconnect in my head. So I'll follow up offline. Thanks.
Operator: Next we have a question from Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Just to follow up on what Ken was asking, Alberto, what was it about, I can understand utilization being low in South America. What was it that caused South American margins to be so poor? Was it on the buy? Is it that you just couldn't get any beans from farmers and it was just very, very tight basis? What was the problem there? 
Alberto Weisser: It was many, Christina. It was on the origination. It was very difficult to get the beans. It was obviously many of the plants we could not operate. There was a very difficult harvest because the amount of rains and the movements. It was also in North America we had delayed harvest. So we had obviously issues with shipping. We had issues as commitments we had with northern hemisphere that we have to reroute. It's a accumulation of many, many little things that add up to a smaller margin environment. Obviously it is much more difficult. The volume we more or less expected the way it came, but it was much more difficult on the margin side. Volumes were also a little bit down.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then we're hearing that it's still hard to get soybeans from the farmers. I think only like 5% of the harvest is done, but farmers in South America are really resistant to let go. So does it look like the first quarter's going to be difficult, also?
Alberto Weisser: I will not talk about the quarter, I think that we are seeing as positive. Obviously the difficulty is more of the movement of all these harvests for the amount of rain, but we are not worried about that.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then you talked before about potential upside to soybean oil demand. Yesterday when we got the RF F-2 and we got the biodiesel carve out, is that going to really help soybean oil disappear an in the US? Can you talk about where your view on the upside comes from and what that carve-out means?
Alberto Weisser:  On these biodiesel mandate I think it's too early to see because they are at the moment not really official rumors and we have to get it all approved and so on, but what we are seeing is that demand is good in oil around the world. It is increased mandate biodiesel in Europe, in Argentina and Brazil, the US. It could be an upside if it works out well, but it's also generally the demand in oil is good and inventories are coming down. So we feel it could probably be more demand than supply.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just last question, the fertilizer volume guidance was lighter than I thought given what's happened the last few years. Is it because of what's happened to prices? I'm just curious why it's so modest, your volume assumption.
Jacqualyn Fouse: A little bit of impact in prices. Remember the range that we give you is always a, you know, longer term, a five year average range. So the 5% to 7%. Oh, the 2 to 4 year, It's a little bit more price related and being cautious about how quickly we recover?
Operator: Our next question comes from Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just on your fertilizer inventory situation, earlier in the year you'd written off some of your inventories and I think you even at the end of your third quarter you said you had worked through a majority of those inventories and I'm a little curious where you are now with the pipeline and what we could expect given some of the shifts in your portfolio going into next year.
Alberto Weisser: Basically the high inventories are sold. So either we adjusted it now. We are not carrying any high inventory into '10.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And could you give us any color around, any of the results in your retail business in a quarter relative nutrient businesses given how that mix is going to change going forward?
Jacqualyn Fouse: With respect to the quarter result roughly half of that was related to retail and then I believe on a go forward basis Alberto mentioned that we would expect the businesses that we are retaining, the retail in Brazil, Argentina, small business in the US, et cetera would generate pre-tax profit of a range of $50 million to $80 million.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And then just in terms of, your comment earlier around your plants not being able to run obviously in South America or not at the same level. I'm wondering can you give us any color on the utilization of those plants? Were they are operating at exceptionally low levels or maybe some utilization?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. They were exceptionally low levels. Many, many of them were not operating at all.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And then just in terms of, your agribusiness results, you didn't mention it, but Canada had been an issue earlier. I thought there was a competitive situation in Canola. I'm wondering was that an issue at all in those agribusiness results?
Alberto Weisser: Results initial. So the performance of Canada was below last year. The issues with Salmonella and so on, so additional competition, the margins were lower there.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Is that getting any better or…
Alberto Weisser: We have we think it will be more of the same for '10, but we expect that our issue with the two plants or the three plants that have the issue of salmonella, we expect it to be soft sometime in the beginning of this year.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Okay. And then just one last question on biodiesel I noted that you did write that business down in the quarter. Wondering, you know, with the situation as you laid it out was a little better maybe going into next year. Curious on the timing of that, what drove that impairment?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, what happened happens on these at any given point in time based on the current economics and your projections obviously you want to error a little bit on the conservative side as you run the impairment tests and if you need to take the impairment charge, you take the impairment charge. It's a fairly modest number frankly and we thought it better just to do that and move on.
Alberto Weisser: And it's early to talk about how the picture will be in the US, Christine. It is robust in Europe and Argentina and in Brazil, but in US it's still open. So we need some legislation there.
Jacqualyn Fouse: And this was on our US business if that wasn't clear.
Operator: Next we'll hear from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Alberto On the last call we went back and forth on the agribusiness and what 2010 was going to look like and you were fairly comfortable that at that point the '10 could look a lot like '09 and at that point your expectations for '9 were a lot better than they were and now at this point the '10 is going to look like the reduced '9. So I guess what's changed about '10 since we last chatted?
Alberto Weisser: This is now very complicated because we were seeing where we were already in '09. So you perhaps were assuming that '09 would be better than it ended being. So that's what we were expecting. So we feel it is very strong when you look at '09. Obviously had we come in at the higher number, it would have been exceptional. We would have the record, but this is the way our business is. There is some volatility in it.  Trying to hit the quarter is impossible. So it's already difficult to have a good estimate for the year, but you have seen how we have performed over the last couple of years in agribusiness. We feel good about '10. As usual, there are some ups. There are some downs, but we feel good. What is critical here is obviously that the demand is coming back. That really drives everything. And we don't have any major issues in terms of excess capacity. We have a little bit of a risk in the US, but I think the US competition has been rational. So we feel relatively comfortable about '10.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And, Jackie, maybe a couple questions for you. In this quarter last year you took a pretty healthy write-down, some of which was perspective into 2009. Maybe you could just update us on that and then also was there any sort of write-down in this quarter either during the quarter or prospective for '10?
Jacqualyn Fouse: You're referring to the counter-party provision?
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Yeah. I guess so, yeah.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah. I mean that's largely been worked through and we haven't seen anything over the course of 2009 that is out of the ordinary. Part of that as you'll remember was related to what was happening in the freight market in some over the counter contracts that we had with parties who obviously were suffering with the decline in freight rates. So that's all been sorted out for that business particularly. We are doing our hedges on exchange traded, with exchange traded instruments, so it's not an issue anymore, but just generally on counter-party provisions we're basically sort of a business as usual in that regard. We feel fine with where we are.
Alberto Weisser: But we did charge the obviously the fertilizer inventories.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Yes, yes. There was nothing in agribusiness.
Alberto Weisser: No. there is only the normal. Every year we have some amount which is priced into when we buy or sell. There is always some debt, but we don't highlight that because that's part of business.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Right. So nothing unusual.
Jacqualyn Fouse: You see it as it flows through the cash flow.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Can you remind us of the levers by which, what causes agribusiness volume or profitability to shift from one quarter to the other and can you remind us what are the things that are in your control in that regard and what are the things outside of your control in that regard?
Alberto Weisser: First of all, it's the harvest. The US harvest was delayed and so some things shift in terms of harvest, but also you have to remember there are some -- always some components in terms of all of our food business we do. We sell food. We buy food. So their components in terms of the hedges, how they are affected in the business. So I think these are the most important ones.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So I guess let me ask you is it conceivable that you had to mark some hedges to market at the end of the quarter that hurt the results in agribusiness but on a go forward basis you can look and see that, today that those would be in better condition than they were when you market them at the end of the quarter?
Alberto Weisser: I think it was in a normal way. There is always like that. So we have always a situation like that, but this is a normal part of business. That is why we say it could sometimes move into some of these possibilities represented better in the third quarter, some better in the first quarter. They are movements, but nothing significant. Otherwise we would highlight it here.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much. I'll pass it along.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thank you and good morning. I'd like to talk a little bit about the Moema acquisition. Jackie, could you just give us some ballpark figures here on there was no financials that were associated with the original release or the slides. You gave us some tonnage numbers on the cane crush. Would I be right in saying that the 13.7 million metric tons of crush at current ethanol and sugar prices would produce revenues of, somewhat close to $800 million on an annual basis? So I know you've got a fraction of a year here. Let's not even worry about that. If you just take current prices, I'm trying to get our models right and there was a lack of information on that because it wasn't publicly traded.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah. I mean the reason why I hesitate to give you too many numbers today is what we would like to do is get the deal closed and then we plan to share much more information after that. The way that we've thought about it really well respect to feeling comfortable was how we included that deal in our guidance is more around EBITDA and pre-tax profits generation and so that's how we came up with the accretion and the fact that we think that that EPS is roughly where it's $0.30 to $0.35 a share.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: But can you tell me if I'm in the ballpark of being right with that number? We've done a bunch of work over here, but..?
Alberto Weisser: From back of my envelope I think you could be in the ballpark, but let's be very careful. Let us close it and then we will in the next couple of weeks we will really we will give a more comprehensive presentation it could be the ballpark, could be there.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. Alberto, another question on sugar for you is I've heard this from a lot of clients and I think it would be great for you to respond to it. With sugar at a 30 year high you're doing an acquisition here in a big one in sugar. Can you just explain with all of your knowledge on these markets why is it the right time to be doing an acquisition of a sugar asset with these incredibly high world sugar prices and people are frankly concerned that we're buying it at the peak. What's your thought process?
Alberto Weisser: Look, we just do not think about the $0.30 per pound at all. So when you look at the New York '11 sugar price, I think in July it's $0.24 and it's $0.20 cents per pound. So when we look at prices we look at it completely different. These are projects that are supposed to perform over 20, 30 years. So we have to consider the theoretically correct price and we work on a price which we believe that should be not lower than $0.15 to $0.16 cents per pound because below that the largest producer and exporter, which is Brazil, would not expand production.  So this is where the Farmer has to be break even like we discussed it on soybeans and we have a certain look at or we have a view on where prices could be, but it would never ever be above the futures price. So we think obviously this has to be the discounted cash flow has to be very solid and we have to look at replacement values. We don't look at the prices that are out there today. 30 cents per pound is not sustainable long term.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research:  I would be very scared to assume that as well. Jackie, can you talk to us about, I need three items, three line items on the income statement, some help on 2010, interest expense, minority interest and affiliates. I know you were going to probably want to shy away from the interest expense because of the debt reduction, but if you just didn't even worry about that, right now what's the run rate of interest expense, you know, just given where the debt is today?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Let's say that the average borrowing rate is let's call it 7% or so of pre-tax and then if you take for the debt is today and multiply that out, you get a number and then you can make some assumptions around the repayment of the debt and all that and play with that as you want to.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. How about minority interest and affiliates, those lines are going to change I think quite a bit?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah. Those line items are going to change mostly because of the. So what will happen on a go forward basis when the sale is closed is that line item will become significantly less important. So we think the financial segment's become somewhat less complex because of that and I think that, you know you can make some assumptions about if you like, but you've also got the historical information on that. So it's just taking that out basically.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Minority interest goes basically to zero and then the affiliates, I think that the French bottled oil was in the affiliates I think.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yes. So that one will change as well. So you've got both of those. In fact, if you look at the numbers that are in the tables attached to the press release, I mean you see obviously you can pick up, you know, what those are and those moved around a lot during 2009 given the fact that swung so much in terms of their results, but if you just go back to '07, '08, '09 you would then have those numbers.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: But more or less in 2010 minority interest goes to zero and affiliates go to zero. I don't even know what you have in there?
Alberto Weisser:  No It doesn't go to zero.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  It doesn't go to zero because we've still got some other things in there, but it becomes a much smaller number. The minority interest will be flat low and the results from affiliates we'll still have a result, but it will be more modest and I think you've got in the detail disclosures all of the different companies for whom we have to report that way. So you can kind of go to that.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: The two key ones were not there and France and it is, but we still have a couple of JVs.
Alberto Weisser: A few others.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. Alberto, I want to make one more try at the agribusiness segment. I would agree with a number of other callers just on the concept of the first quarter results. If the thesis on the first quarter was at a significant lack of beans in South America presented significant difficulties to the Bunge origination network I do not see how that condition can physically change in the first quarter of 2010. So all I'm trying to say here is that you might not, I understand the quarterly stuff is really hard, but I think we all need a lifeline out here. I want to look at the first quarter and say the agribusiness results are going to be similarly challenged in the first quarter. You know, maybe it's off by some magnitude here, but directionally how can it not be that if the results were driven by a lack of beans?
Alberto Weisser: Well, we are starting to, the harvest already started December 24th in Mato Grosso. So we are starting to receive already products. So we think in South America obviously is the low season because it really starts , the northern hemisphere goes until the end of the first quarter and normally l it is. A weak quarter for South America but we do not think it will be as problematic as we had it in the fourth quarter.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Okay. So it improves sequentially but still presents some difficulties because harvest doesn't really, I mean it's ended the first quarter when you really have a lot of beans?
Alberto Weisser:  Exactly. We think it is going to be like a normal year. So it is low, but it starts ramping up and very slowly in the northern part of South America, but we do not see at the moment anything exceptionally negative like we had in the fourth quarter.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: And, Jackie, sorry, I got one more, but it's very important. The tax rate at 20%, I thought you guys had always talked about the tax rate being, you know, kind of normalized at 28% level. What's the story on the 2010 tax rate?
Jacqualyn Fouse: If I'm not mistaken when we gave a guidance range based on a more normal mix of business before we had all these fertilizer profits in 2009, I believe we had already given a range that was more like 22 to 26. So a bit lower than the 28% that you referenced. So just given how we saw the mix of business playing out and the various things that we try to be to be efficient from a tax planning standpoint we thought that it was going to trend a little bit down and be in that lower range. For 2010 we expect it to be at the lower range of 18 to 22. Again driven by the mix, but also coming out of a year where we've got some am net operating losses to carry forward and be able to use and some different things like that, so that's how we get to the 18 to 22.
Operator: Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets has our next question.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hi. Have I another question. Thanks for -- I have another question. Thanks for the follow-up. Two questions. One of the questions was asked, are you running your facilities in Brazil now, in terms of soybeans or are they still pretty empty?
Alberto Weisser: They are pretty empty, but we will start running some of them soon.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then the second thing
Alberto Weisser: Ken, very important is this is like every year. So this is the moment where they're down for maintenance, but fourth quarter they stopped earlier than we expected, but first quarter should be more or less normal.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then the second question is when you're thinking about the sugar assets and you're making your assumptions and if you're not using the high sugar prices, you're using some other sugar price that you're thinking of, when you do that, first of all, are you doing that?
Alberto Weisser: This is for acquisition. First it was about acquisition and we have obviously many scenarios from different kind of analysis, but we clearly didn't use the 31.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And assuming whatever sugar price you use which I'm assuming you're not going to tell us, is your return on invested capital, where would you have put your return on invested capital?
Alberto Weisser: It has to be above our rate. Otherwise we would not have done it.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So if sugar stays at these levels for a period of time, your returns would be significantly higher and as they come down to maybe what you would expect, there would still be return on invested capital above your WAC. Is that the interpretation?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Operator: Next we hear from Ian Horowitz with Rafferty Capital Markets.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Just a couple quick questions around Moema again. Jackie, we're expecting to bring in a little over $600 million in debt. Is that correct?
Jacqualyn Fouse: That's correct. Moema debt, yeah, that's correct.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: And how does that compare? You said I think Dave asked the question on the average borrowing rate of about 7% pre-tax. Where does this Moema debt fall into that?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, the some of that debt will have to be repaid upon the change of control and there are a lot of individual pieces of that debt. It's multiple lenders with relatively small amounts that make up the total. So we're working our way through all of those issues. So in the short term what you could see happen is a substantial amount that Moema debt getting repaid and then we'll be looking at the best way to refinance that and to capitalize that particular part of the business appropriately. So it's a little early for me to be able to tell you exactly what that's going to look like. But in the end in the overall mix of what we're able to end up doing with the post deal debt portfolio I wouldn't expect the impact of that to be huge on the blended rate that we should end up with.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay. And then was I to understand that you're going to start breaking sugar out for the first quarter in terms of reporting?
Alberto Weisser: Yeah. Sugar and bioenergy, yes.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay. So the sugar volume for [Intel] for the first two quarters will be significantly small, because smaller than they will for the second half of the lack Moema transaction correct? 
Alberto Weisser: And also the harvest starts in April so you see most of the business is done larger to seven months is when you really see the most of the volume 
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay and Alberto you talked about continuing interest in the sugar and bioenergy business we really expect to see more M&A activity from Bunge in this regards or would you be working more on your may even want to call them legacy assets, your previous assets in terms of getting that capacity?
Alberto Weisser: We will, our first priority is to do a smooth integration there is a huge team working on it and we are quiet excited about and we are seeing some interesting opportunities in coal generation and some, obviously looking at some expansion areas 20 million tons if I am not mistaken we can expand to have optimize size of the meals this can all expand to 35 million tons so we will look at this very carefully first and, make sure we are running smoothly we are integrating it very well so I would say most of our focus will be initially all internal but if something attractive, pops up we will have a look at it, but the buyers would be now to make it work well, optimize it and expand it internally we are seeing some very attractive things that we can do here.
Ian Horowitz - Rafferty Capital Markets: Okay and then last question, just on the fertilizer business going forward by getting rid of the back upstream asset how will this impact margins whether it be on a gross on an EBIT basis going forward in terms of expectation?
Alberto Weisser: Look we this is now business which is the retail business which we have some plans we have the mixing plans, we have some port logistic and so these some industrial expenses but the biggest focus is much more commercial and so what we believe is that we will run it in a little bit different way not so much integrated with upstream but completely focused on extracting a margin for ton with minimizing the risk and servicing the farmers.  So it will be a little bit different because we can also handle it differently if we tonight see the margin there, we don't need to buy it. So it is not something where the retail division has to sell the upstream portion of it. So the focus will be different and I think we are really working on it to have even more synergies with the agribusiness sector, but I think it should be less volatile, but I would probably not mention too much at the moment in terms of exact margins per tons or so on.  Let us go through the year and talk it through the year, but I think we gave already an indication of what we expect this business could be earning in terms of absolute EBIT and, but I'm optimistic about this. Obviously we have already now a couple of years is also a very successful operation in Argentina where it works without upstream. So we have the experience that this business can be very solid without the upstream part of it.
Operator: We have a question from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thanks for the follow-up. I'll make it quick. Alberto, I wanted to hear your thought process on the kind of price outlook here in the corn market. We've seen a dramatic downturn in the price of corn here just in the last, basically one month. Phenomenal numbers out of the USDA on the 2009 corn crop. Is it your expectation that these, I mean just directionally I'm curious here on what your thought process is for the price of corn just directionally. Do you think we have considerable more downside and are these USDA numbers, do you guys believe them?
Alberto Weisser: Nice try, Dave. It's already a tough thing for us to give you guidance for the year. I will not talk about prices, so and for us anyway it's relatively irrelevant because we work on the margins. Nice try.
Operator: That will conclude our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the conference over to Mr. Haden for any additional closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. We'll see you soon. Bye.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden – Investor Relations Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Jacqualyn Fouse – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank Securities Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Donald Carson – UBS Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley 
Operator: Please standby. Good day everyone and welcome to Bunge Limited second quarter 2009 conference call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Please go ahead sir.
Mark Haden: Great, thank you, James. And thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited second quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning, that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion on the second quarter results. It can be found in the Investor Information section of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. I'd like to direct you to slide 2 and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning to discuss our second quarter results, are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and CEO; and Jackie Fouse, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. And now, I will turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning everyone. While the second quarter was somewhat volatile, our skilled team leveraged our integrated global asset network to generate better than expected agribusiness returns, offsetting weak fertilizer results. Though some agribusiness results were pulled forward from the third quarter into the second, this is not uncommon and is why we look at earnings on a yearly rather than quarterly basis. Looking ahead, we remain optimistic for a solid second half of the year. Lower soybean production in South America has limited oilseed processing utilization in Argentina, while challenging locally, this should continue to support crush margins on the global level. A large North American harvest, which according to early indicators is likely, should provide us with ample volumes for our agribusiness operations. To rebuild global stocks, crop prices will need to stay at levels that encourage good planting and fertilizer use by South American farmers in the coming months. We continue to work through some remaining high-cost raw material inventory in our fertilizer sector, but good demand and improved international phosphate pricing should benefit our fertilizer margins. We also continued to follow our strategy of investing in our core businesses. During the second quarter, we continued - we announced the creation of a joint venture to build and operate a state-of-the-art export grain terminal in U.S., Port of Longview in Washington State. This investment will improve the balanced global asset network that is a key driver of value for our company. We also announced an agreement to acquire Raisio, a European margarine producer. The transaction encompasses margarine plants in Finland and Poland as well as several brands. This will expand our food and ingredients business and enhance our efficiencies.  I will now turn the call over to Jackie, who will discuss our second quarter results.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Good morning. Thank you for joining us on the call this morning. Starting with some highlights from the income statements. Overall volume growth for both the quarter and year-to-date was driven by agribusiness and came from sugar, expansion of our European grain origination and new plants that are now fully operational in Eastern Europe and Asia. These more than offset lower volumes in fertilizer.  Solid earnings before interest and taxes from agribusiness resulted from good margins, with grain origination and distribution benefiting from strong soybean demand from China, and oil seed processing supported by the soybean crop shortages in Argentina. Soy meal demand was also somewhat stronger in Q2 than we previously expected. Fertilizers results remained weak. During the quarter, international prices fell more than did our inventory costs. These results include the impact of $183 million of foreign exchange gains on U.S. dollar denominated financing of working capital as the Brazilian real appreciated quarter-to-quarter.  Most of these gains were offset in gross margins during the quarter via both sales and inventory write-downs, so the carry forward foreign exchange balance is relatively small. The inventory write-down was $120 million in the quarter.  In our Foods and Ingredients business, total edible oils suffered from aggressive competition in Brazil. The results in Europe and North America improved, and wheat milling results were negatively impacted by margins though volumes were up. SG&A expenses were well managed in all segments and fertilizer SG&A was favorably impacted by the $32 million transactional tax credit taken in the quarter. Moving on to slide 4, in the balance sheet. Operating working capital balances at quarter end were higher than at the end of December of 2008, but are inline with seasonal patterns and were lower than June of 2008 mainly due to lower prices. Regarding the components in working capital, agribusiness inventories are seasonally up, but lower than June of 2008 and are driven by higher commodity prices this year.  Fertilizer inventories are down due to both volume and prices. Trade receivables are lower due to tight management of credit and payables are down driven by fertilizer as we significantly reduced purchasing and paid down balances related to the higher priced purchases in earlier periods. In terms of efficiency, the cash cycle for fertilizer is negatively impacted by the decline in payables balances, while fertilizer inventory has come down only slowly. But the agribusiness cash cycle is better than last year and the overall Bunge Group 12 month rolling average cash cycle has improved by 1.4 days on a June-to-June comparison. Consistent with the above, gross debt is up versus year-end 2008, but lower than June of 2008. With respect to cash flow, cash flow from operations was negative for the first six months of 2009 followed by negative funds from operations and working capital increases.  The two main drivers of our working capital are higher agribusiness inventories and lower fertilizer accounts payables. We expect the working capital situation in fertilizer to improve by year-end as we sell inventory and as our purchasing activities there normalize. We continue to manage capital expenditures prudently and spending has been slightly lower than 2008 despite the incremental expansion of our sugar business. On liquidity, our liquidity position remains strong. In the second quarter, we were able to replace two revolving credit facilities and maintain our total of $3.5 billion in committed funds, of which only about $900 million was drawn at June 30th. We also issued $600 million of 10-year senior notes during the quarter, and in doing so lengthened the maturity profile of our debt portfolio. Now with respect to the outlook, in light of our performance in Q2 and given our outlook for the remaining six months of the year, we are maintaining our full year earnings guidance of $4.90 to $5.40 per share. We see second half agribusiness structural margins is well supported, given the current supply and demand situation, and we see a better environment for fertilizer as farmer economics are good, especially for soybean and we think demand in Brazil will be solid. We expect the second half results to be somewhat more weighted to Q4, partly because we saw soy meal demand recovered a bit earlier than we had anticipated in Q2, as buyers began to replenish pipelines and pull some volumes from Q3 to Q2. In addition the North American harvest will also be in full swing in Q4.  The presently stronger real should not have a significant impact on the remainder of 2009, because we have some hedges in place, but it does keep the pressure on us for continuos efficiency improvements in our operations.  And with that, I will open the call up to Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first question today from Christine Mccracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Good morning. 
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Christine.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Yeah, Alberto, we seen a pretty healthy I think rebound in the health of the Brazilian farmer and yet, they continue to be fairly reluctant to buy fertilizer and I am wondering, if you could characterize the situation is this really a credit issue still despite the fact the banks claim they have a lot more money or is it just a general reluctance on their part to take risk?
Alberto Weisser: I would characterize it more as a difficulty in comparisons, because last year and in ’07, we had much more anticipation in the first half and this year we have a more normal pattern, where something like 40% or 35% to 40% of the fertilizer demand is in the first half and the two-thirds in the second half. So, I think it is more normal. We feel that the demand should be fine. We are seeing also that there is enough credit. The governments have increased their offer of credit. But at least another $20 billion through Banco do Brasil. So we have the impression that, from the demand side, the picture is relatively normal, if there is a normal picture.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Okay, there is not a problem though with the banks actually getting the money to the farmers, that was I think one of the constraints, we heard about earlier that the government made the funds available, but they didn’t actually get to the farmers?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that has been traditionally an issue, but this year should be the same as last year or a little bit better. So that is why we are comfortable. So, we are not increasing the whole industry the whole agribusiness industry is not increasing significantly if at all their credit. So who jumped in are the banks and the government. So, I do not see it as a major constrain this year.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Okay. And when you look by nutrient, just looking at the difference between phosphate products, I’m just wondering have you seen demand for phosphate maybe pick up a little more quickly than products given the price disparity between the two or is it fairly down?
Alberto Weisser: Now comes the - now we are in the term of the year where the phosphate really picks up because it is mostly used in for soybeans. So this is the time of the year where phosphate picks up. It’s also one of the reasons you saw a slight increase in prices.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Right. And then just one final question just on sulfur cost. Are you seeing now the full benefit of the lower sulfur cost in terms your phosphate mining business? Or is that still lagged into the quarter?
Alberto Weisser: It’s still lagged and it will be with us even through the third quarter and slightly into the fourth quarter. But obviously, we adjusted as much as we could through the lower cost of market, but we will have issues until the – into the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: All right. I leave it there and followup. Thanks.
Alberto Weisser:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Christina Mcglone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank Securities: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Christina.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank Securities: Alberto, can you just go through your kind of what you are thinking about agribusiness over the next few quarters as we - we’re in a tight supply situation now. And I like you mentioned some soybean meal pipelines have been refilled. And then we will get the new U.S. crop, but if we get a very big South American crop it looks like Argentina is gearing up the plant a lot more beans and Brazilian soybean plantings maybe up, do we - what does it look like in terms of the first half ’010 in terms of the crush margin environment?
Alberto Weisse:  It’s a little bit early to think in these kind of situation, because Brazil does need much more fertilizer. They cannot save like in U.S. reduce the consumption of fertilizer and still have a good yield in Brazil, that’s not possible because the soil is so poor. And we do not expect an increase in demand this year. So, we expect Brazil to be perhaps same or slightly up, Argentina should be better because we should not have the drought. But, that should be only with the good crop in northern hemisphere - normal crop in southern hemisphere, we probably, still are going to be tight by the end of September of next year. We have a tight situation on ending stocks, because demand is picking up. We already see that this calendar it should be up 1%. Soybean meal demand and vegetable oil should be up 4%. And USDA is estimating an increase next year of 3%. So, our outlook for ‘010 is probably at this stage a normal type of environment.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank Securities:  Okay and just to follow-on in the soybean meal outlook, so, if we get a large liquidation of hogs in the U.S. and then in Canada and potentially in China, is that incorporated in that view of an increase in soybean meal demand next year?
Alberto Weisse:  Yes it is included the - obviously for over the next 10 months, we are going to all production for the hog industry these piglets they are and need to be fed. And the hog industry is relatively healthy in Europe. So, this is using USDA numbers, this is more or less all included.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay. And then, just my last question. On fertilizer, I know you don’t give quarterly guidance but it’s been really difficult to model. For the third quarter, given the still the high cost sulfur, but the fact that sales should be picking up seasonally, are we looking at and you wrote - had that write-down are we looking at break-even to positive? How can we think about fertilizer for the third quarter?
Alberto Weisse: It should be positive, because we are selling – it’s now the more normal pattern. It should be positive.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Next we’ll hear from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks. I want to know are you done taking write-offs in your fertilizer business? Or have the recent price movements in potash will that play a role in future quarters?
Alberto Weisse:  No, per definition, we are done, because that’s exactly what we do was a lower cost for market. Now, obviously if the prices continue to going down, there is always a risk, but we are there exactly where the market is.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay. And you said that phosphate prices are starting to improve again. And it’s probably related to, I guess the pent-up demand that had been building. You are saying that in July, it’s starting to accelerate again because of the soybean meal or because of the soybean plantings that are going on?
Alberto Weisse: Yeah, we are seeing - there are a couple of reasons why we are seeing an increase in prices. First of all, we have to remember that phosphate prices have to be in the neighborhood of $400 to $500 per ton to allow expansion of opening of mines and investments and having the right returns. So the prices we have been seeing were just too low. So they have to converge back to a more normal environment something between $400 and $500 depending on where you will sell it to, that is number one. Number two is, farmers are obviously seeing that inventories are quite low in Brazil, and there is some, there is some nervousness that they want to have access through the products. And thirdly, their farm economics are very strong where the commodity prices are, in soybeans in the neighborhood of $10 per bushel and break-even in Brazil is between Parana 520 and Mato Grosso 750, 760. So the farm economics are very strong, and farmers are more capitalized, and so there is - the environment is shaping up to allowing at the prices to normalize at a little bit higher level.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Thanks. And then just one last question Alberto. My understanding is that the financing, the tight financing environment makes it very difficult to make the case for more acreage and kind of undeveloped acre - undeveloped land in Brazil. Does that have any influence on how you look at 2010 or even 2011. If new acreage isn’t being developed, does that hurt the volume growth algorithm for fertilizer or is there volume growth just on existing acres that you can expect the growth on?
Alberto Weisser: I would see that from the financing point of view and from the economics, there would be room for expansion already this year. And probably the more limiting factor this year is going to be the lack of availability of fertilizer, because when you do the more or less a simple calculation, the Brazil bought 8.5 million tons in the first half. If we sell the same amount as we sold last year the whole industry would be 22.5 million tons. Production is something like 7 million to 8 million. So the imports will have to be 6 million to 7 million tons. This over the next two or three months, it will be very, very difficult. So I think it is more a question of logistics and availability of fertilizer, which again is another support for normalize - normalization of pricing. But when we look at next year, farmers are being capitalized with the good prices, last year, this year. So, I think we will see a much more normal pattern of growth back to what we saw before the 5% or 6% expansion in production. Yield or acreage as well, a mix of the two.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: So you really think that that like, in Mato Grosso for example, that you could see acreage expansion?
Alberto Weisser: Probably not the next - I don’t think the next, it’s early to say, but next harvest probably not. I would say that, it’s probably the same acreage. 
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Right, so you are talking about like 12 months from now, we might be looking at that?
Alberto Weisser: Yes,  
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay.
Alberto Weisser: Exactly in one year from now, we might see expansion.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: We will move on to David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning everyone. This is Cornell with a question on behalf of David Driscoll. 
Alberto Weisser: Good morning. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Just looking at what’s been happening on the foreign currencies, we’ve seen there Real begin to strengthen a bit since the first quarter. It’s my understanding that given that you buy a lot of your inputs in your fertilizer division during the first half of the year, would we have negative impacts on margins in the fertilizer division over the second half if we continue to see an appreciation in the Brazilian Real. And furthermore, you talked about phosphate prices, I understand that there are modestly over the last week or so, but still down about 20% from where we were in the – at the end of the first quarter so would be my understanding that we would need a bit more improvement on those in order to kind of get fertilizer margins moving in a right direction, just you want to hear your thoughts on that? Thank you. Jacqualyn Fouse  Hi Cornell, it’s Jackie. On the FX, I mean, you are correct in your observation, but what you saw during the quarter was a negative impact in gross margins for exactly the reason that you highlighted. And based on where we are now, how much product we sold and then the pattern of that appreciation during the quarter, including the fact that some currency impact flows through that lower cost to market calculation and therefore in the inventory a write-off numbers there is an element of that. We are at - right now where rates are pretty close to if they stay there not having much of an impact on the fertilizer gross margins from currency. Obviously, if it moves one way or the other, there will be the corresponding usual impact.
Alberto Weisser:  Yeah also the side effect of the test of lower cost of market, also adjust this, because it’s done in local currency and therefore the new price in dollars have a double negative effect in Brazil and that’s why the lower cost of market charge of $121 million covers part of that. In terms of phosphate, we have to think about two business units inside Bunge. One is the retail business, which is the buying and reselling, and the other ones are the phosphate mines. So the prices where they are at the moment they are fine. So we are quite profitable in that area with the exception that we still have to walk away through the high sulfur costs. But, once where they are, the mines are profitable.
Unidentified Analyst : Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: Kenneth Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets has our next question.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hi, Jack, I have two questions for you. One is in terms of the soy crush, your hedging and how you’re looking at it? How you guys positioning for the soy crush environment going forward in terms of I know spot has been a little weaker than the futures, are you guys positioned to be able to capitalize on that? How does that works?
Alberto Weisser: The environment, the crush margins for the fourth quarter, the third quarters, they are quire solid. And at the moment, it’s a little bit, when you look at the futures market, it’s not exactly the reflection of how the physical is and, but obviously the end of the third quarter is – or the third quarter is always a time where the northern hemisphere, the U.S. plants start to prepare for maintenance. And so, some of the business moves it’s more or like in July and in June, and the feed millers, the meat industry anticipate some of the buying. So, I would say the margins are a little bit more normal now, but physically they are probably a little bit better than the future is indicating.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Ken, just one thing maybe to keep in mind from a timing standpoint is we expect for them to improve from here to towards the end of the year. So, you might want to keep that in mind when you think about how the profits will flow through Q3 and Q4.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so you are telling me that physical margins are good?
Alberto Weisser:  Physical margins are good.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Alberto Weisser: And you also have to remember that because of the short crop in South America, and because of the high export of soybeans to China there is very, very little supply from South America, what we normally would see unusually low. So, as of September, the only important player in the market is North America.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, but you are saying that soybean meal demand, soybean oil demand, less soybean prices is good?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Alberto Weisser: When you look at – when you look at the year, let’s first talk USDA. The crop year in soybean meal demand should be down 3%, but when we look at the calendar year, we expect it to be up 1%.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. 
Alberto Weisser:  And when we look at next year, the USDA is estimating at an increase of 3%. So what we are seeing is a stabilization in the meat industry, obviously, we still have an issue on the hog industry on margins. But poultry margins are good and the egg sets are low. So the outlook for the poultry industry is positive.
Mark Haden:  Hey Ken. It’s Mark. Just want to add that the margins have come down probably from what you have seen in the second quarter.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Mark Haden:
 :
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Alberto, you say that 2010 would be - I think you used the word normal year. I think historically you said base year at 750. Is that normal? Or is that base? Or am I mixing up normal and base? Is that what you’re trying to say?
Alberto Weisser: What we are saying now, we got so much into trouble, what is normal, what is base, what is what. What we like to say is what Jackie introduced two or three quarters ago, it’s the 2% points above cost of capital. So, we think next year is a 2% points above cost of capital type of year. All indications are, we think there is still going to be a tight inventory. So, commodity prices should be positive for the farmers to buy fertilizer. So, we should see expansion on the fertilizer side. But we should have enough grains to process. So, when we look at the whole picture, we have a good feeling. Also with more normalized prices the food and ingredients sector should not suffer so much as it did this year and last year because of the volatility of the prices. 
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets : Okay and my last question is, when you say that phosphate prices have improved, I’m assuming you mean import parity has improved within Brazil more than the international prices have risen, is that a fair assumption?
Alberto Weisser: Well, Brazil is now at import parity for a couple of months already.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Alberto Weisser: But number two also in Brazil phosphate prices have gone up. But I think they also have gone up slightly on international price - on phosphate. This is now the key one for us. Potash, it’s coming down or came down, but phosphate is going up and in Brazil, it’s also going up.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: But Phosphate price as you said internationally have gone up a smidge and then the recovery has really been internal Brazil specific, is that fair?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, cool. Thank you, very much.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: Next we will hear from Don Carson with UBS.
Donald Carson – UBS:
 :
Alberto Weisser: In terms of pricing, Brazil was following exactly the international prices so, also on potash. So, what we are seeing is the movements, we are seeing is very similar prices for everyone. No different than the international prices. Now in terms of the break-even for Mato Grosso and Parana, it is the main reason is the reduction in fertilizer prices. But also, some interest rates have come down in Brazil, energy has come down so it’s accumulation of a couple of things. But fertilizer has a big impact.
Donald Carson – UBS : Just to clarify, so are you sourcing now at sort of that 460 global prices into Brazil on potash?
Alberto Weisser: We would not comment on what we are doing. You have to remember we are a large buyer. But, what I can tell you is inline with what is out there at the international prices.
Donald Carson – UBS: Okay. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Welcome.
Operator: Next we’ll hear from Vincent Andrews of Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Thank you, guys. Good morning everybody.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Jackie I apologize if you discussed this in your prepared remarks. I was on another call at the time. But could you characterize the cash flow generation in the quarter or the use of cash in the quarter and just help us understand what happened?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah, I mean, the main drive obviously is the increase in working capital plus just the FFO generation is weak or slightly negative for the six months. But, the two impacts in working capital are seasonally higher agribusiness inventories and somewhat impacted by price as well. But then in addition, the fertilizer working capital situation has not yet normalized. The cash stockholders have been negatively impacted by lower payables as we stopped purchasing, importing product and then have had to pay down, those payable balances that came from previous purchases and those were at higher prices. So, fertilizer working capital has been very negative for the first six months of this year versus last year and more so than a normal environment whatever that is and we expect that to improve pretty significantly in the second half of the year.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  So, do you expect a positive cash flow from the year, all else equal?
Jacqualyn Fouse: I think at the cash flow from operations line, we will be – we will be nicely positive.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay and then, Alberto maybe two questions. The first is, it seems like the basis in soybeans in Brazil has gotten pretty wide. Am I reading that correctly?
Alberto Weisser: It has improved, yes.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley : And what do you characterize that or how would you explain that and do you think the current basis level is indicative of where it will be in the future or what do you see happening?
Alberto Weisser: I think it is more a question of the market becoming tighter as it becomes to the end of the crop and the farmers being capitalized. They don’t need to sell it. So, it's more of a seasonal situation.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley : Okay and then maybe lastly, Alberto, when you talk about the kind of break-even price necessary from a Greenfield phosphate perspective when you talk about $400 to $500 a ton, what type of sulfur and ammonia prices are you assuming there? And is that for somebody that isn’t vertically integrated in rock or how does that come together?
Alberto Weisser: This is opening up the mines and having all the chemical plants, but not having sulfur. So having phosphoric acid, sulfuric acid production, a traditional the way we have it in our mines, where we don’t have the sulfur from 1 to 2 million tons of production. A very traditional one, nothing…
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Nothing else.
Unidentified Company Representative :  Nothing special.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Yeah, nothing special. Okay, thanks so much.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And that’s all the time we have for questions today. I will turn the conference over to Mr. Haden for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Haden: James, thank you very much. And thank you everyone for joining us today. Have a nice afternoon. Bye. Operator: That does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Investor Relations Alberto Weisser - Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Jacqualyn A. Fouse - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to today's Bunge Limited First Quarter 2009 Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Haden. Please go ahead.
Mark Haden: Thank you Beth and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited first quarter 2009 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion of the first quarter results. It can be found in the Investor Information section of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. I'd like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today's presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge's current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry conditions. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning to discuss our first quarter results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and CEO; and Jackie Fouse, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer. And now, I will turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning everyone. The start to 2009 was more challenging than expected. Bunge's first quarter results reflect this. Retail fertilizer margins in Brazil suffered from aggressive price reductions by competitors, which drove sales prices below international levels. Many local retailers have been facing liquidity issues due to tighter credit. Additionally, global demand for soybean meal was soft. Despite this difficult start, our confidence in the recovery in all our markets and a solid performance in the second half of the year remained strong. We are working through our higher cost fertilizer inventory and the supply of fertilizer products in the Brazilian retail channel has been reduced by approximately 30%, since the end of 2008 and is approaching historical seasonal levels. Both of these facts should improve margins as the year progresses. Higher commodity prices resulting from tighter global oilseed stocks are supporting farm economics, and should help stimulate sales of fertilizer products in the second half of the year when South America enters its major planting season. Since mid-January, the USDA has reduced its estimates for global soybean production by nearly 15 million metric tons, mainly due to the weather related production issues in South America. Global soybean meal consumption in the first quarter fell by roughly 6% compared to the same period in 2008. While this figure represents a relative improvement over the 9.5% year-over-year reduction in the fourth quarter of 2008, consumption was slightly lower than expected. We are however seeing signs of stabilization in the poultry and pork industries and we estimate soybean meal demand for the calendar year to be up about 1% versus 2008. Fears of lower demand for our core products have historically been short lived and the products and services that we and our industry provide are necessary in all types of economical climates. Looking ahead, the world will need good harvest in North America in 2009 and South America in 2010 to alleviate tight agriculture commodity stocks and meet recovering demand. We believe Bunge is well positioned to benefit from these opportunities. I will now turn the call over Jackie who will discuss our quarterly results.
Jacqualyn A. Fouse: Good morning everyone. Thank you for being on the call this morning. Starting with the highlights from the Bunge Limited income statement and the segment results. Agribusiness volumes benefited from growth in our sugar business and the addition of our two new plants in Russia and the Ukraine. This volume growth pushed the total Bunge Limited volume evolution into positive territory. Agribusiness EBIT was positively impacted by solid profits from our growing businesses around the world which posted results higher than last year, but these were more than offset by a loss for the quarter in oilseed processing as margins for soybeans were negatively affected by weak global demand and substitution by other products. Fertilizer volumes for the quarter were sharply down versus an outstanding quarter last year in 2008. The quarter's fertilizer EBIT was significantly negatively impacted by our high cost inventories as well as the effect of heavy discounting of local process by retailers in Brazil. These losses include a write down in inventory as of March 31st of $64 million and that write down is the result of using the same accounting methodology that we have consistently applied historically and was driven by the fact that local selling process in Brazil diverged from international prosperity during the quarter and as of the end of the quarter, fell below our cost. The results also include approximately 150 million of FX recovery, so they are net of that. And that is out of the balance of about $250 million that we carried over from 2008. Food products volumes grew due to our milling business. EBIT was positive well below the first quarter of 2008 due to lower margins caused by higher cost crude oil inventory and competitive pressures and the weak demand environment. The magnitude of the fertilizer losses pushed the total Bunge Limited result to a net loss. With respect to the balance sheet, our balance sheet and financial position remained very healthy. Operating working capital as of the balance sheet date did not change appreciably versus year-end 2008. Though inventories and receivables both came down, this was offset by lower payables in the fertilizer business as we stopped importing into Brazil. Our continued focus on working capital efficiency led to a further reduction in our cash cycle days and gross debt levels remained close to those at the end of the year 2008. The negative cash flow from operations for the quarter was caused by the net loss and by a modest increase in working capital usage, driven by the change in fertilizer payable and in total was in line with the cash usage of the first quarter of 2008. Furthermore, we continue to prudently manage our capital expenditures. We maintained our solid liquidity position with over $3 billion of committed availability as of March 31, 2009, and we expect to sustain our position of this order of magnitude throughout the year. During the quarter, we took the opportunity of testing the commercial paper market for receptivity to Bunge Paper and found that we were able to reactivate this funding source at relatively attractive rates. Turning to the outlook for the full year, the first quarter of this year turned out to be more challenging than we had anticipated and we do not expect to be able to make up for the losses incurred in Q1, despite the fact that we are confident in the solid second half of the year. Therefore, reflecting this expectation, we are lowering our full year guidance to $4.90 to $5.40 per share. We continue to see farm economics as well supported and believe this should encourage fertilizer purchases. We also think that soybean meal demand should improve throughout the year. At the same time, the challenges we saw late last year and during the first quarter of this year persist with respect to the macro-environment for credit and the uncertain global economy and we as well are still working through high cost inventories in, both fertilizer and to a lesser extent in edible oil. With that, we'll open the call up for Q&A. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And the question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. (Operator Instructions). And we'll take our first question from Chris Bledsoe with Barclays.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Just a question on, I guess, I had always thought of your food products division as sort of a natural hedge within the business. So that in a inflationary environment, the lag effect might cause a profit squeeze in that division and then in a deflationary environment vice versa. But in -- I guess it looks like one of the biggest shortfalls versus my estimates within that division actually, and it appears that that's a function of holding higher cost inventory and then I guess I am just wondering why choose to give away that natural hedge and essentially hold greater inventory levels in that business?
Alberto Weisser: The level of inventory has been the same. We carry a very little inventory in this area. The two main reasons for the variance, the negative variance was first of all, we had a very good first quarter last year. But secondly, there was a lot of pressure in two regions in the world, Eastern Europe, and also in Brazil by competitors selling on the market. So they sold at the prices at the level that was much, much lower than they should have. So there's a competition going on in Brazil between two large players meat players that got into the margarine and some partially in the edible oil business, and as also in Russia, we have seen some competition of some of the competitors going against our new efficient plant. So it's a mixture of last year higher margins, this year competitive environment, but the inventory situation is probably a minor issue here.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Got it, okay. And when you talk about kind of looking into the back half and seeing a recovery, partly on stabilization and chicken and pork, what exactly are you talking about stabilizing in chicken and pork. Is that their profitability stabilizing or is that off their production levels stabilizing? In all of the forward-looking indicators that I see and that's more, much more U.S. centric still point to contraction well into the back half of 2009?
Alberto Weisser: When we talk about the environment in the livestock industry, first of all, we want to make sure that our main customers are profitable and what we see is that in the poultry industry, in the poultry sector, the margins have been improving recently. Probably as not sufficient yet long term, but short term, it has been improving, that is on the one side. We see that on the hawk side, the margins are still not very attractive, but at least they are all going up or stable, number one. Number two is that the supply picture is also more imbalanced with the demand. So there is not a pressure of having to reduce further the supply. Now, that is for us very important that the environment is stable. And when we say that we expect the soybean meal demand to be up 1%, obviously this is not extremely high especially when you think about the second, the last quarter of 2008, the soybean meal demand was down 9.5%. So on a year-over-year basis versus 2007, it is probably lower. So we are not assuming a drastic improvement in the environment of the livestock sector. Now what is more important for us; one, obviously one very important is that the industry is operating at least at the level where they are earning money and operating decently, but what is very important for us is also the crush margin structure, and that has improved. Reacting to the lower demand picture, we also have a lower supply. The South American supply has been reduced by the difficult weather situation by something like 15 million tons, that's the USDA statistics. We are starting to see that it's probably even less than that. The more recent indication show the Argentina's shortfall in the soybean production is even less and that has made that the crush margin expanded and they are attractive and they are normal. So that was necessary for our industry having a smaller demand, but the crush margins are fine.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Why would crush margins expand if the input is raw soybean? Why would crush margins expand if the available supply of soybean is contracting?
Alberto Weisser: You have less production from Argentina. There is the pipeline in the livestock sector is very small. So the meat industry is needing all the soybean meal. So we have a nice premium from the demand on the soybean meal is a mixture of less production, crush production from Argentina because of less soybeans plus the livestock industry working hand-to-mouth. So, it came, not from the oil side the increase in crush margin, it came from the meal, soybean meal side.
Christopher Bledsoe - Barclays Capital: Okay. I'm going to -- I appreciate it. I'm just going to jump back in the queue.
Alberto Weisser: Okay.
Operator: And we'll take you next question from Christine Mccracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Christine.
Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research: Relative to that shortfall in the crop in Argentina, we've seen a fairly hefty pick up in buying activities from China. I think you mentioned it in the release. Can you talk about what might be behind China's extraordinary, I guess, interest in soybean inventories right now and, if you expect that to continue?
Alberto Weisser: We really don't know this, Christine. But I think everybody is seeing that we're going to have very, very tight stocks at the end of the southern hemisphere harvest. So by September 1st, we probably are going to have the tightest stocks in five years. So it's probably much more precautious measure by the government to make sure they have enough supply.
Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research: And I guess that sets out for a fairly good incentive for farmers in South America, particularly with the economics relatively good now. Can you talk about the credit situation and where that stands today in terms of the banks willingness to lend and if you've changed your position relative to lending the farmers down there?
Alberto Weisser: Yeah. You're right. That is the tight stocks and are the main drivers why the commodity prices are so high. And if soybean prices need to be higher, normally corn prices follow, because otherwise the U.S. farmers will stop planting too much soybeans. So that is one of the reasons we see these high price and there is a risk that they even might go higher. So that is very positive for the South American farmers, for the North American farmer also. And, therefore, we see strong indications of demand for the fertilizer products. Now credit, I think we will see the same situation we saw last year, which is the agro business sector. We -- the food processors, the crop input sellers are all going to be very careful with credit like we were last year. We are not changing significantly our policy this year and what -- who has jumped in to help on the funding is banks and government. But also with now two years in a row where the farmers have made good money, they are much more capitalized. So we see very strong indications, very strong demand indications from the farmers. We don't expect to have to give significant amount of credits.
Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research: All right. Just one last question. It looks like the ending numbers are putting a recent pick up, I guess, in fertilizer production. Can you talk about whether you're ramping up production at your mines and if you so expect to expand phosphor demand?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, this is the time of the year where we have to start producing the raw materials. The issue we had in the first quarter was much more with the imported materials, so the retail part of the business, the commercial aspect, the retailing. Now this is -- all the mines have to produce significant amounts for the production that will be needed for the second half of the year. This is becoming a normal year, not like the last two years where 30, 35% of the demand is in the first half and 65, 70% in the second half. And just to keep the same amount of volume, the fertilizer volume that we had last year, we need all this production. And this is also because of the tight credit situation. Not every blender, not every retailer is being able to import materials. So, there is going to be a strong demand for the domestic production.
Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research: Okay. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: And Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Just let me know if you can't hear the question. So if I look at the back half of the last three quarters, it's going to be your single best year ever in the last three quarters, how is that possible? Can you help us bridge that? It doesn't make any sense?
Alberto Weisser: We feel that Ken, we have mentioned it in the past that we have to look at it always on a yearly basis. And so when you look at the whole year, obviously we will not be able to make up, as Jackie said the first quarter. But when look at agro business and food and you look at our whole year estimate that is something that should be possible. Obviously, the demand is not as strong as we wanted, but we expect the margins to be there. Now on fertilizer, at soybean prices of $10, in excess of $10, the farmers are very profitable. Let me tell you the breakeven in the farthest part of Brazil, we're talking about Brazil here. And the method we will also breakeven is something like 790. So they are very healthy. They will find the money to buy the products. We should not mix -- the problem we have in the first half, in the first quarter and in the last quarter of last year is really these high cost inventory that we bought in the first half of last year that now are not completely, but mostly, sold. So the new harvest should be normal, a very good harvest, and very good production and the farmers are in very good shape. And the government is ramping up with the credit lines and we are comfortable that this should be a good second half in fertilizer and in oilseeds and in also in food products.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: How much of the loss this quarter was because of the high cost of inventory and what would that be for the remainder of the year?
Alberto Weisser: The losses in the quarter, mostly of it is high inventory cost.
Jacqualyn Fouse: That's correct Ken. And I think if you look at the split of the profit between the first quarter and second nine months, I mean, we originally believe that it will heavily weighted to the second half of the year. We continue to see that and even more so I would say and if you back into the implied numbers for the second nine months, you'll see that we did lower the net income estimates for those in the range of probably something between 80 and a $100 million versus our original expectations for the nine month. The biggest issue here has been that high cost inventory in getting it worked through with of it coming in the first quarter.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: I guess what you said, does it sound like do you think that the farmer is going expand acreage next year?
Alberto Weisser: Well, we are not expecting that. But because we are not planning for that. So, everybody is being very careful. But the used, it was not expanded last year and you remember that fertilizer demand was down 9%. So, they did not use enough fertilizer. And that is why some of the yield was low as well. So, weather capitalization they have in all the two years in a row was good margins. We have very, very strong indications that they will use probably the same amount of fertilizer that we sold last year at least. Now we have to remember that the tight stocks worldwide indicate that we are going -- there is very, very significant risk that we will see in higher soybean prices between now and the end of September. It's the lowest level in five years. So it is -- everybody is seeing it. The farmers are seeing it. They are lining themselves up to buy the fertilizer.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and then my next question is, will you be profitable this quarter?
Alberto Weisser: You know how difficult it is for us to plan quarter, as we look at it on a yearly basis. But I would dare to say, might be in trouble with Jackie, but we should be slightly profitable.
Jacqualyn Fouse: The biggest trouble Ken is going to be the local fertilizer price, so.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay and then the last question, what's the historical relationship between soybean prices and soy crush margins. How does that usually work?
Alberto Weisser: There is not too much relationship there. They are -- when you look at, there is not a very good correlation between margins and soybean prices.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So are you would actually make margins in a higher soybean environment? Or you don't care if the price of soybeans is high?
Alberto Weisser: It is not automatic. It's not automatic. But when soybean prices are high, there is a tendency; there is enough money for the farmers. So there is a little bit of an expansion in the margins. When soy prices are lower, normally we make it up to more volume.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Alright.
Alberto Weisser: So margins tend to be a little bit higher in high soybean price environment.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Now we'll take our next question from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Hey, thanks a lot. Good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Dave.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Alberto, with the soy meal demand, as you mentioned in your prepared script, down 6%, I think I am a little confused on some of your comments here regarding the 1% full year number because that mathematically then has to work out to be a fairly sizable pick up in terms of growth in the future quarters. If we and right now everything that I am seeing would say that second quarter would also be down quite significantly similar to the first quarter. That puts a much larger onus on Q3 and Q4 to see soy meal demand actually reach 1%. What's your confidence in this number? It feels optimistic to me, but you are the expert. What's, what am I missing here? Why should I be more confident in this growth?
Alberto Weisser: I would use the best way always to do it, the way we also do it is let's use the USDA figures. The USDA figures show that on a per harvest year-to-year basis. So, October '08 to September '09, soybean meal demand will be down 2.5%. So, but the last quarter of this year doesn't need to increase significantly vis-à-vis the fourth quarter of '08 because the fourth quarter of '08 was down 9.5. That is why, I mentioned on an earlier comment 1% up doesn't mean a lot. So, because probably vis-à-vis '07, it's less, but we are now working off a lower environment. So, we are not saying that we are see very, very strong demand. We're seeing a sluggish demand, but at least it is not going further down. So, that is what we are saying, stabilization of the environment, which I think is positive.
Jacqualyn Fouse: And based on where we're coming from, improvement throughout the course of the year, on weak comps from last year as Alberto said.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Right, understood. Of course, again mathematically that has to be true otherwise there's no way to get to one. The follow-up I would have for you, Alberto, is November '09 new crop bean prices have not moved very much. Your comment seem in direct contrast to this. Why do you think that new crop bean prices have not rallied?
Alberto Weisser: No, because I think the concern is that we -- it's more about the old crop situation that people are worried, because we will end, once you have the new crop, it's a new environment. That's the beauty of our business; everything resets itself. And what people are worried about is the old crop. And, but even with the normal -- that's right. We just mentioned in the prepared remarks, we need now a good harvest in the northern hemisphere and another one in the southern hemisphere in '10. So that we get back to normal inventories, because the land's available we needed both, for soybeans and for corn. And there is additional demand for corn because of the ethanol and we need the additional demand for soybeans because of the tight stocks.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: So you think that with the planning intentions report from the USDA on bean acreage, you think that's enough and that there is not necessarily the need to see new crop bean prices actually rally?
Alberto Weisser: That we don't know, Dave. But it is -- we're seeing even a poor crop in Argentina then the last year USDA report has said. And it's not only Bunge, I think the whole industry is seeing that. So the drought was probably more severe than we all expected. It was not only on acreage, but also on yield.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: One final question. Jackie, can you give us the indication as to what's happened to MAP prices, at the retail level in Brazil. You made comments here that this has moved. So moving back on the January call you were optimistic on this. And now today you're telling us that there was intense price competition. Can you give us some numbers so that I can understand it? How did it start in January? How it ended in March? And what's the feeling or what's the actual experience right now at the retail level on phosphate prices.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, as we started the quarter, what we saw is that local prices basically maintained their parity with international prices. There is always some degree of discount to a list retail price that is based on some kind of historical average, though it can be anywhere from maybe 10 to 25% or something. But that's normal. But the parity relationship was maintained. And then as we moved through the quarter, we started to see that breakdown as some of the smaller retailers needed cash and then started. Everybody tried to hold the line and then started to discount more heavily, because they needed the cash. So, that took place over the course of the quarter. And as regard towards the end of the quarter, we were seeing discounts substantially higher than they typically would be.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: We're citing 10%, 20%, what's the number?
Alberto Weisser: It's very difficult to see it, because these prices are -- they are very different in the northern part of the Brazil and the southern part of the Brazil, in the interior. So it's very difficult to pin in down exactly. But it was significantly discounting.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: How much risk do you have on potash? We haven't seen those prices really crack. There is the chance that they do. If they do, does that put your earnings at risk in the back half?
Alberto Weisser: There is always a risk with price, like we have with margins, with everything. So, but I believe that even in North America, the farmers have delayed significantly the timing in terms of when to buy, when you just -- when you see the crops that we need worldwide. The demand should be back and should be strong for fertilizer. So if there's not enough production, we should see a convergence of prices. Also I'd like to always remember that we need to see phosphate prices getting closer to 450 to $500 per ton, because that's the kind of prices that are needed for our Greenfield plant to be profitable. So if the prices stay too low for too long, you will not see additional production and then you will see further spikes in the future.
David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research: Thanks for all the comments. Certainly, I understand the difficulties. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: And Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. I guess a few things. One is just I wanted to understand. Let's just start with the oilseed processing. Jackie, did you say you lost money in oilseeds processing in the quarter?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But that, I guess where I'm confused isn't that a spread business?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, and you also have mark-to-market. It gets better at the end of every accounting period that if crush margins have improved in the future. Well that number can be negative and we can recover some of that later, but.
Alberto Weisser: But, Vincent the situation was that we had a dramatic reduction in demand. And so we had substitutions. So there was not enough demand for soybean meals. So the crush margins were low. So when you look at it between the end of '09 -- '08 and beginning of '09, the crush margins were low. They recuperated at the end of the quarters and they are fine. You can see it on the boat (ph) crush, but it was basically a situation of margins.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah, I think we even spoke about it maybe in February, where we saw the U.S. margins sort of bottom in November, December. They got quite low.
Alberto Weisser: Plus the farmers were very, very slow in selling. So they capitalized. So you had a reluctant farmer selling and slow demand that really reduced the margins like we haven't seen in a while.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: I guess I just -- is this the first time you've lost money in this way or has this happened before in the past?
Alberto Weisser: It was a small amount. So, we have seen that before. Normally, this evens out during the year. You have moments in the quarter where you have these kinds of situations. But having a 9.5% drop in soybean meal demand and then a 6.5, that we haven't seen in many, many years.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But the issue is really for me -- from a utilization perspective?
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: It wasn't an issue (ph) have you owned soybeans at price X and crush went to well below X?
Alberto Weisser: No. It's a slower demand and also the reluctant farmer selling. So we had to pay a heftier price for the farmers to get the beans and so there was a squeeze on the margins.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then in terms of fertilizer, I guess, like everybody else, I'm trying to think about how your second half of the year is going to get you to the guidance as you put there and you -- I'm just confused because you lost on your fertilizer, but you got a foreign exchange reversal in the quarter of about a hundred and something million dollars and you have a little bit of that left. How --
Alberto Weisser: Let me. I know it's frustrating. It's also frustrating for us, because we have to separate the excess inventory that we have carried over from last year. There is not a lot of freedom what we can do with the provisioning and the write down. So the rules are very, very clear. So there's only so much we could have done in December and so only, it's very clear what we can do and what we cannot do. So we have to follow the rules. But when you think about these losses that we have in the first half, wheat is much more related to the retail buying and selling of imported products that we brought last year and we were unable to sell it all last year. Remember that during the year we have been saying that fertilizer demand in the country would up 5%, 6%, but the industry was talking about 10. It ended up being 9% down. So this is something like 4 million tons of additional imported materials that were not sold and that were bought at higher prices, plus obviously some input raw materials like sulfur and others. So this, as it was not sold by the end of the year, it had to be sold in the beginning of this year. So this is not completely flushed out, but it is -- most of it is nearly -- a level that is nearly seasonal. So this you have to mentally think of it as cleaning up of the dramatic changes last year. So when we look at this year. When you look at the business of this year, it is a very -- it's a pretty environment, high commodity prices, sugar is good, soybean's prices are good, corn prices are fine. So the main products from the -- are in good shape. The farmers are more capitalized. There is money from the government. There is more money from the banks. So, the outlook for the planting season in the second half, remember one-third first half, two-third second half is positive. They are very -- I see very, very little risk for reduction in prices in soybeans. Five year, the lowest ending stock in five years, is -- it's quite amazing.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I guess that gets me to the point I'm struggling with is that you're basically raising your expectations for the back half -- for the 2Q through 4Q relative to what you said in January, but there's --
Alberto Weisser: No, Vincent it's the same. When you really look at it, our expectation is a little more or less the same. We are a little bit more confident now. We are not raising our expectations. So the only thing is we are a little bit more confident now.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Vincent, I think if you -- back into the numbers and we can walk you through that offline and you calculate what the implied net income is for the last nine months of the year, what you'll see is we have lowered that a little bit, but not a lot. It's basically taking the hits from the first quarter flowing it through. And then about $80 to $100 million reduction in the expectation for the other nine months, which is pretty close to being in line with where we thought before, but with a higher degree of confidence associated with delivering that.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. We'll have to go through that with Mark offline and maybe the last question I have. The fertilizer issue was across all three nutrients. Is that correct?
Alberto Weisser: Less on potash.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Less on potash.
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And Alberto what's your view or Jackie what's your view of the $750 a ton potash price that seems to be the new spot price in Brazil? Is that -- you think that's sustainable?
Alberto Weisser: I have no view there. Jackie?
Jacqualyn Fouse: I don't think I would dare to.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. I'll pass it along. Thank you very much.
Operator: And Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Hi, thanks.
Alberto Weisser: Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: I guess what I'm trying to reconcile also is that you are, like Ken said, you're forecasting the next three quarters as really being a better performance for your business than it has been last year, than it was last year, than it was the year before and you think that the a table is set for better performance. But it's very unclear to me whether you're saying that its demand driven. When I go through the comments it seems more like its supply driven this time around. You're basing it on because bean prices, supplies are low, maybe the fertilizer inventories are starting to work through. But I'm not really getting the sense that there's any kind of tipping point here on demand, maybe you could just try to take one more shot at it to give some confidence that demand is not just stabilizing here but also has a -- sort of rebound. (ph)
Alberto Weisser: No. In the agribusiness, the last year was obviously was a very good year and we believe that '09 will be more in line with '07, below '08 but in line with '07. So this is the way we normally do it. It's above cost of capital type of earnings. And the reason we are confident is that the way the market is structured is that it is fine in a sense that we are not going to -- we don't believe that we are going to see further deterioration in demand; that we will see a stabilization and which we are seeing already now; that we are seeing a better environment for the poultry industry which are profitable, and we believe that we should see improvement in the hawk industry. So these are our biggest driver for all demand. And we have seen that vegetable oil has grown 3% in this quarter. Obviously soybean oil was a little bit lower. And overall, we have seen also recuperation of the margin. So, it's nothing -- it is not too much to be expected from the demand increase, but much more from a stabilization of the margins. Plus, always when we have situations like where we have a dislocation in the market, where we have a smaller crop from Argentina, this improves the profitability in other parts of the world. And it has a positive effect in U.S., has a positive effect in Brazil, and that's the beauty of having this global network. So even if you are a little bit lower in one part of the world, you, more or less, can compensate it with the other parts of the world. So we are comfortable that with a stable, not increasing demand but with normal margins, we will be able to perform well, not as good as '08 but in line as '07. And in food demand, in the food side and food and ingredients, I think we have now some of the problems we had in the past with the volatility of the prices and the issues in Eastern Europe, I think, we have them behind us; we should see a positive performance on food products. And on fertilizer, at the moment it's all about the issue that we do need the additional soybeans and corn. It's cynical. The world needs it. The inventories are so low and the proof is despite this economical crisis, soybean prices are above $10 and corn are above or close to $4. So the market, the world needs these crops and so that means the farmers will have to plant it in the northern hemisphere and in the southern hemisphere. So that is why we are confident, we are very confident that even in an environment where perhaps the demand will be the same as last year, the margins will be good.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And then a follow-up there. You did mention the word substitution in the feeding of animals, I suppose, with soybean meal being phased out, I suppose, per week. What if that substitution effect continues? Would that hurt your demand outlook? And why wouldn't it continue? If they're substituting now, why wouldn't they just continue?
Alberto Weisser: No, it happened already. So, it happened, so, that's it. So, we are at a level. In Europe, it was a situation that we had two years in a row, very poor wheat crops. So, that is why you might remember that the second half of '07 was very, very powerful in terms of margins, because of that dislocation. And the first half of '08 also benefited from that. But this now adjusted itself. So, these substitutional type of feeds, wheat in Europe and DDGs in the U.S., it's in. So it's in the numbers. But that is why when you see the soybean meal being up 1%, it considers that we don't expect that they will be, that soybean meal will substitute these type of alternative inputs.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And where are you getting your quarterly estimates for soybean oil demand up 3%, soybean meal demand down 6%, where do you come with those?
Alberto Weisser: Wops, I probably gave you some internal -- our internal estimate. So it's probably not public. I am in trouble here, so.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: Well. Thank you, anyway.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Christina Mcglone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Christine.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Alberto, I guess I know you talked a lot about fertilizer, but I wanted to just understand more specifically, when do you expect to be finished working through your high cost fertilizer inventory? And I think that you have sulfur contracts coming in now at lower prices. So are we seeing a lower average cost of fertilizers. Should we see that as we progress through the year as these sulfur contracts come in?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Christine, just with respect to sulfur, I mean we start to see some benefit from the new sulfur purchases in April, but we still got high cost inventory to work through. So over the course of the year the average sulfur cost is going to come down. But it will take some time for it to come down appreciably. And it should be down rather nicely in approaching spot prices, spot prices down at the end of the third quarter, something like that. So sulfur, the trend will be down, but it's going to take a little bit time based on the averaging for these new purchases to come in and the old inventory to be worked down and for that to come down.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: And so for all of your fertilizer portfolio, do you think you will be at market prices by the end of third quarter when we're really in the heat of the fertilizer buying season?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. When you mean spot prices, yes. Most of it is already out by now, but sulfur is probably one of the one that will take a little bit longer, but also it's very difficult to say exactly when you might have some other stuff. But I would say most of it is out already now, and sulfur is the last one remaining until the second and third quarter.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then Alberto, you talk about or the USDA, I guess this week talked about Brazilian corn and cotton goods being shifted to beans, and if intensely doesn't change. So you get the same application that you got last year. Would you expect fertilizer volumes to be up this year like phosphate oriented fertilizer volumes in Brazil?
Alberto Weisser: We have shown in the last two years we are -- although we try to be very careful, even though being careful, we get in trouble. So with higher inventory, you remember how careful we went into the season last year, but we still got into the trouble. So we are going to be very, very careful. There is -- I think there are probably more chances for an upside on demand for soybeans in Brazil, because of the very, very tight stocks. But it's early. The farmers normally start buying in June, because they start planting in September. So we still have some time to go. But early indications are very, very strong that we will have a very good planting season for soybeans. That is positive for Bunge, because most of our products we sell them SSP, which is phosphate products.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just last question on the crush margin side, you can see U.S. crush margins coming up sequentially since March with Argentina's presence diminished in the global market. My question is, will you be able to earn those margins; will you be able to have enough beans in the U.S. to actually process since supplies are low?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, because we had similar situation and perhaps not as tight as this year, but you remember that U.S. is still the second largest exporter of soybeans. What you would see is then starting U.S. to reduce their exports of soybeans so that there are enough beans for the domestic market. That is normally the way it works. And you would start seeing more beans coming from other parts for the export market. But for the domestic market, we believe, there will be enough beans for the livestock industry.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: And if worse comes to worse, you still can import meal from Brazil. So there should be meal from Brazil. So I don't think there is a worry for the livestock industry in the U.S.
Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Welcome.
Operator: And we'll take a follow up question from Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, good morning again. Sorry, to prolong this call. But I guess what I am trying to figure out is, on the oilseeds side, do you expect a rebound in the merchandizing side or the crush margin side? And I guess that's my first part.
Alberto Weisser: It's more on the crush margin side.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And then if I look at it regionally, U.S., Argentina, Europe, Brazil, how do you see that playing out? Where do you see the greatest recovery and where do you see more miles recovery? Can you give us some magnitude, because it's still scratching my head here?
Alberto Weisser: We feel that U.S. will be a normal type of environment; Brazil, a little bit better than normal and we should see Europe a normal type of environment; and Argentina, obviously, less because of less supply.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So a normal environment plus a little recovery merchandising gets you to your back half numbers.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Well, we look at it on a yearly basis.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: All right, I am good with that. And then the other question is, how much foreign currency benefit do you have baked into your SG&A for the fertilizer side? I'm assuming there has got to be some thing in there to get to these numbers again. Is that fair also?
Alberto Weisser: Not this year, not too much this year because remember we had some hedges for the year, both for Alimentos the food business and for the fertilizer. But some of them are now getting off. So, Jackie?
Jacqualyn Fouse: There'll be a little bit, but that's not going to be a material number.
Alberto Weisser: That benefit should be more for next year.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude our question and answer session for today. Mr. Haden, I'll turn it back over to you.
Mark Haden: Great. Thank you and thank you everyone for tuning in with us this morning.
Operator: And that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden – IR Alberto Weisser – Chairman and CEO Jackie Fouse – CFO
Analysts: Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Jason English – JP Morgan Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research Chris Bledsoe – Barclays Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse Scott Bennett [ph] – Citi Investment Research Steve Byrne – Bank of America
Operator: Good day everyone, and welcome to the Bunge Limited fourth quarter 2008 conference call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Haden. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Haden: Thank you, Elizabeth, and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Before we get started I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion of the fourth quarter results. It can be found in the Investor Information of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. I’d like to direct you to slide two and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry condition. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning to discuss our fourth quarter results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge’s Chairman and CEO; and Jackie Fouse, Bunge’s Chief Financial Officer. And now I will turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning everyone. 2008 was a remarkable year and one of the most volatile in recent memory. Throughout it all, the Bunge team performed well. Our employees produced record earnings of over $1 billion and cash flow from operations of $2.5 billion. They executed well as exemplified by the strategic and prudent use of working capital during periods of record high commodity prices, and kept a steady eye on the future by making new investments and creating new partnerships. For example, we are very excited about our new sugar and ethanol joint ventures with Itochu in Brazil. In an industry that is dynamic to begin with, but specially in such a volatile year it is rare that everything will go right. We had a few setbacks in ‘08, but we start ‘09 in a strong position. The weak global economy will pose challenges, but we have a solid balance sheet, comfortable liquidity, confidence in our team and optimism about improvements in the market. First, fears of low demand for our core products are generally short-lived. These are staple products necessary to feed the world's growing population. We anticipate demand for soybean meal to improve over the drastic reductions seen in the fourth quarter, when customers were reducing capacity, drawing down existing meal inventories, and using lower-cost feed ingredients. Our estimates for the 2009 calendar year indicate soybean meal demand growth of about 1.5% when compared to 2008. We also expect demand for vegetable oils to increase about 4% in the calendar year, although soy could continue to face competition from other oils. Second, global commodity stocks remain tight, and this reality is being exacerbated by weather issues in South America. Even with lower economic growth, the world will need additional supplies of crops. Current futures prices indicate that the market will provide incentives for farmers to plant and should help encourage fertilizer use. In addition, during periods of tight stocks, there is always the possibility that changes in supply and demand will create interesting opportunities for companies with a global presence and integrated operations. During the year, we will continue to take steps to lower costs and improve the efficiency of our asset network. We expect that the stronger US dollar should benefit the cost structures of our foreign operations. We are also investing for the long term in our core businesses and in complementary value chains, such as sugar, but were managing our projects prudently in light of today's volatile conditions. I will turn over the call to Jackie, who will discuss our quarterly and year-end results.
Jackie Fouse: Good morning everyone. Thank you for being on the call this morning. Moving on to slide three of the presentation, we will start with some highlights from the income statement. The year of 2008 was a record of profit and cash flow year for Bunge and we finished the year with EPS of $7.73, 30% growth over 2007. The fourth quarter was characterized by a difficult demand environment and we saw that particularly reflected in oilseed processing, fertilizer, and foods where volumes all suffered. Fourth-quarter profits were negatively impacted by lower gross margins across all segments, mostly due to per unit margins with the exception of fertilizer, which was volume driven. Profits were also adversely affected by provisions for customer and counterparty risks and negative foreign exchange on fertilizer US dollar financing of working capital. With respect to the effective tax rate, fourth-quarter losses in fertilizer significantly impacted the rate for the quarter and for the full year, as we saw a major shift in income between higher tax and lower tax jurisdictions versus what we had seen up until that point. We continue to drive structural tax planning initiatives, which brought some benefits in the quarter, and which will bring benefits over the long-term. And one should remember that based on our financing approach, we have higher profits in Brazil and a higher tax rate when the real appreciates and the reverse when it depreciates with the latter being what we saw in the fourth quarter of 2008. Moving on to the segment results, Agribusiness volume increased in the quarter. It was driven by grain origination or some volume was pushed from Q3 to Q4 in North America due to the delayed harvest, and also from additional corn origination in Brazil, as well as we saw the ramping up of our sugar business. EBIT for this segment was impacted by lower per unit margins in general and by customer and counterparty provisions. For Fertilizer, volume declines resulted from prudent management of credit in a soft market. These declines weighed on profits and EBIT was further pressured by declining profits and a negative exchange impact mentioned previously. Our foods business volume suffered from soft demand in the quarter, which reduced profits and results were additionally affected by higher cost crude oil inventory and pricing pressure, which together squeezed margins. Looking at some highlights of the balance sheet, our balance sheet and credit metrics are the strongest thing they have ever been, and our gross [ph] debt levels are at about the level of those of 2003, while we're generating both higher profits and funds from operations. The decline in operating working capital year-over-year was driven by efficient working capital management and lower commodity prices, and our cash cycle declined by three days and gross debt by $1 billion. With respect to cash flows, shown on slide seven, even with the difficult economic environment we produced strong cash flow during Q4 of 2008 and record cash flow from operations for the full year. The next slide, slide eight of the web cast presentation, shows how our working capital usage fluctuates with commodity prices and how that impacts cash flow. When we look back over the past six years one can see how we navigated through rising commodity price environments, and one can also see significant growth in funds from operations and that for the last six years combined, we have generated funds from operations of $5.6 billion, and have reinvested those funds in both working capital and CapEx as we have grown our business. Another aspect in addition to balance sheet and cash flow, which is a key component of our financial situation, is liquidity. Our liquidity position, shown on slide nine, remains very solid and we enter 2009 in a strong financial situation. In the fourth quarter of 2008, we were able to replace the maturing revolving credit facility despite the difficult financial markets, and we retired a $500 million bond maturity, while maintaining more than adequate liquidity to support our business operations. On the slide, you can see that we had undrawn committed credit facilities totaling $3.5 billion as of 12/31/2008. With respect to the outlook for 2009, we feel good that we will produce a solid year, though the results will be heavily weighted towards the second half of the year. We think we have seen the trough in our industry and we expect things to improve as we move through the year. Reasons why we expect that improvement include; soy meal demand, which we think will ameliorate over the course of the year coming off a very difficult quarter of 2008 where we estimate that it dropped by about 9% globally. In addition, we think that good farm economics will support fertilizer demand. As of right now, the breakeven for Mato Grosso is about $8.34 and for Parana it is $5.81. So you can see Brazilian farmer economics are good. In general, we think low stock-to-use ratios will be supportive for the sector, and for us in particular, the strong US dollar will benefit the cost structure of our international operations. At the same time, we recognized some headwinds, credit markets continue to be tight and this will affect farmers and customers. The overall global economic environment remains uncertain. So we have to be somewhat cautious regarding demand in general, and specifically early in the year, our profitability will be impacted by higher cost raw material inventory both in fertilizer and edible oils. As to the (inaudible) guidance, the range for EPS is $6.90 to $7.60 per share based on 138 million shares outstanding. So it is a fully diluted guidance. We expect depreciation and amortization in the range of about $425 million to $445 million and CapEx of about $950 million [ph] to $1.05 billion of which 30% or so is mandatory investment in maintenance, safety and environment. We have somewhat lowered the effective tax rate guidance range to 22% to 26%. Previously it was 24% to 28%, which you'll remember. That range considers basically stable currencies and compares to a 2007 number of 26% as already mentioned for 2008 of 16% was affected by the moment of the real. Linking the EPS guidance to return on invested capital, return on invested capital is a key performance measure for Bunge. If we look back over our eight year history of returns, we can see that we have produced returns above our weighted average cost of capital in both good years and difficult years. 2008 was a record profit year for us and our ROIC was well above our internal target of two percentage points above weighted average cost of capital. When we think about 2009, recognizing the challenging environment ahead, our guidance reflects an EPS range, which translates into returns above our weighted average cost of capital with the upper end of the range being about two percentage points above WACC in line with our target and the lower end of the range still being above WACC, but a little less than two percentage points. Thus, we anticipate a solid performance for 2009. With that we will open the call up to Q&A. Thank you very much.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Hi, good morning everybody.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: I am wondering maybe Jackie or Alberto if you could just help us, I missed the beginning of the call. So, I apologize if you did this already but if you could just walk through the counterparty risk and the charge that you took and what that covers, where it is, how it happened, what you could do differently in the future to make sure it didn't happen again for you to start there that it will be great?
Jackie Fouse: Thanks Vincent, good morning. The provision was broadly taken on the portfolio of risk in that – in that category, it covers accounts receivable defaults from sales to customers, which would include new [ph] producers, biofuel producers, for example. It also includes forward sales defaults from customers and counterparty risk on other transactions such as freight counterparties. From a geographic standpoint, it was broadly spread around the world including the US, Europe, Middle East, and Africa, Asia and Brazil. It should be noted probably that farmer defaults are not part of that number. So, it includes current defaults as well as an estimate that can be thought of like a valuation allowance on forward business as well.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Can you give us a sense of what the current amount was?
Jackie Fouse: Of that number, roughly 25% related to current defaults and about 75% to forward.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay. How would you characterize the potential ability for that to be a very conservative estimate, especially considering that as far as I can tell your peers, your competitors, have not taken similar charges?
Jackie Fouse: Well, we are trying to be transparent about this and at any point in time when you take a provision obviously, you look at the prevailing circumstances, all in the – some of the forward contracts that are included under consideration here. It would incorporate current mark-to-market tops of figures. So, we think that given the circumstances being as poor as conditions are in certain areas that it is probably a fairly conservative provision, though we think it is obviously an appropriate provision for the time. And as we negotiate with these selected parties, again these are isolated incidences on specific accounts in the various domains. We are obviously going to try to get every dollar back from them that we can. So, we will be negotiating hard.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then if I could just ask a couple of things around farmer credit, the first piece would just be, you know, I've heard some speculation that when you look at the pattern of fertilizer sales in 2008, farmers bought very early at high prices at high soybean prices and at different real-dollar exchange rates and they weren’t able or didn't through the course of the year sell as much of their beans forward as they would in a normal year, partially from a speculative perspective, partially from a credit perspective and therefore as they come into a difficult harvest they might be upside down from a financial perspective. Can you characterize whether that is true or possible or how prevalent it is and then the second piece of it I guess, would be can you just about the farmer credit situation today relative to let us say, three of four months ago and relative to 6 or 9 months ago?
Alberto Weisser: I would characterize the situation for the farmers as very positive. When they bought the fertilizer last year, most of them locked in already the margins by selling their commodities. Those who have not done it are also in a good position because the real revalued. So when they sell now their crops, they will receive a significantly higher amount of domestic, the local currency, and I think it is shown that the forward activities is solid as we are at the moment we are selling fertilizer forward for the second half of the year. We are locking in also – we are locking in the margins by also selling the grain. So, the environment is quite positive for the farmer in South America. So, we don't expect any issue there. We have been able to collect some of the bad debts. So the environment is quite positive.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay, and then just the current credit environment, has credit opened up at all?
Alberto Weisser: The government has opened up a little bit more. The local banks also have done a little bit more – been a little bit more generous. We have kept our posture, the whole industry has kept the posture, the agribusiness sector, the combined, the crop chemicals all of us, we continue being as we were in ‘07, ‘08. We are being very careful, but who has stepped in, there was a little bit more financing from government and a little bit more from banks. So at the moment we are not seeing any major issue. It is tight but it is moving.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you. I will pass it along.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: We will take our next question from Christina McGlone with Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Christina.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: I guess following on Vincent's line of questioning, you mentioned that farm economics are generally good and will spur fertilizer purchases, but my concern is that with basically wheat, and cotton, and corn acreage shifting in the US to beans that this benefit will really accrue to the US farmer and then by the time the Brazilian farmers are really buying their fertilizer in the major part of the year, you know, July to October that bean prices will be lower, farm economics will be worse. And we really won’t see the pickup in fertilizer volume that maybe we expect. So I wanted to get your comments on that Alberto and also, what kind of fertilizer volumes are you assuming in your guidance?
Alberto Weisser: We think that it should be fine in the second half. For the South American farmers it is one of the reasons we are seeing the high commodity prices for soybeans and corn. There is – there might be some pickup in the cotton areas and in some other areas for corn and soybeans in US, but we – all our supply demand analysis, when we look outside the USDA numbers, we still see that the stock-to-use ratio is low. I think it will be not only the northern end of southern hemisphere [ph], I think it will extend even into next year. So I think there will be – there is a positive environment here.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: So what kind of fertilizer volumes are you embedding in the guidance?
Alberto Weisser: Look, it is so early in the year but we are working – the industry is working with the scenario of flat growth versus ‘08.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then you know, there is recent news we have, I guess yesterday the USDA attaché in Argentina reduced the bean crop estimate, and Cordonnier [ph] reduced the Brazilian corn and soybean crop estimate, and then you have China talking about drought conditions hurting their wheat and their ability to plant corn and soybeans, do you foresee a kind of another dislocation scenario starting up again?
Alberto Weisser: Could be, we – this weather issue in southern port of South America including part of Argentina and some parts of Brazil, like Rio Grande do Sul, we start feeling that the crop will be smaller than originally indicated. So everybody is starting to address. It is a little bit early because we still have the month of February but there is not enough rain. So we do think there will be – there might be some issues and there will, I think, Christina basically there is every year some kind of dislocations that plays in our advantage, and that might be one of them.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then my last question Alberto, can you just go may be by region on the agribusiness side, what you are seeing in terms of crush margins, capacity utilization, what players are doing to handle the weakening demand situation, if you could just touch on your major regions?
Alberto Weisser: We believe that North America will take a little bit longer for the demand to pick up. It might be, soybean meal demand might be in the year be a little bit below last year, but at the same time, we're having positive indications that the pricing and the livestock industry, particularly in the chicken area is improving so it is positive. The herd destruction or the reduction has stopped, same as in ox. So we have a – first half probably we will not, first half of the year probably will not be so easy, but the second half we are optimistic. But we imagine that the real demand will be below, we will not see a growth. At the same time, the US – the margins are better for exports because especially Argentina is not exporting. So US is being able to benefit from some export markets. Europe, we expect the demand to be around a little flat or perhaps slightly below last year, but crush margins should be good in soft seeds, and I also expect that the margins during the year should improve for soybeans. At the moment the margins are decent. The year should be difficult for Argentina because of the short crop. It should be very positive or let us say not very, let us say positive, it is early to say, for Brazil and should be positive in Asia as well. So that fits a little bit the picture we are seeing with an increase of soybean meal demand of 1.5%, which is a little bit different than USDA because USDA uses not the calendar year, and uses a crop year from October to September. And we believe that the fourth quarter of this year will be a good quarter.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: You are welcome.
Operator: We will move on to Ken Zaslow with BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Hi, good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Ken.
Jackie Fouse: Good morning Ken.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: I'm scratching my head a little bit here, ADM, if you go back a couple of years ago there was a lot of conversations with ADM of how they were always falling short of expectations, and you guys were killing it. Now, it seems like the reverse has happened. I guess, the question I have on this is ADM and Cargill’s results seem to be stronger than Bunge’s on two fronts. One is on the crushing side as well as the credit side. Can you help us understand why there will be such a disparity on those two issues?
Alberto Weisser: Look, we don't know how they operate. We don't know their numbers, and I don't think it would be proper to comment on the other ones. The only very obvious difference Ken is that in the summer of this year in US, especially in US, we were prudent, we were conservative. You have to remember that until June we didn't – nobody was seeing any crisis and the situation we had was the commodity prices going up and up and up. And we had these increase in our working capital by $3 billion in a question of weeks. So, we were very careful. We were managing it very carefully and we had a book, a forward book in the US, which were smaller than we usually have. So, we didn't benefit this year so much from the very strong margins that existed if you booked it in the summer. At the same time, let us remember that we did benefit, especially in the Europe sequence, in the Europe harvest that we had a strong book at the end of ‘07 that benefited us in the first half of the year. So, I would say you should see the two harvests together. I think all three companies performed quite well.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, and what type of, you know, on the risk management side who is responsible for these – and it seems like it was a big number. I mean is there somebody who you kind of single out and say, “Hey, we got to change our risk management practices,” and what level of confidence do you have that we are not, we are done with taking write-offs?
Alberto Weisser: Look, I think two questions – two comments here. First of all, when you look, we are 190 years in business. And when you look at our performance over the last year, since we have been public, the eight years, I think they speak for themselves that it is solid. Now obviously, there are moments where perhaps we could do better as usual and perhaps, overall the whole book it is perhaps a little bit higher than usual that is why we were highlighting it. But it was also a dramatic drop in prices. When prices go up dramatically, often we in the industry have issues with farmers and when prices come down dramatically we have issues with customers and counterparties. Now in some of these areas as we did not have, for example, in the case of freight, we don't have – we didn't have in the past an exchange. We have now. So this in the future should be less of an issue. So – but when you look around this issue in the freight area is pretty much all over in the industry, not only in our industry but in the steel, iron ore. So I would say it is a little bit unusual but this affects many people in the industry.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: So what level of confidence you have that we are not going to write down again.
Alberto Weisser: Look, I think we are going to have it every year. As I mentioned, when we – this is part of our business when prices go up, farmers try to default and when prices come down customers default. But the price into our business has certain amount of it. Now these kinds of situations are very, very unique.
Jackie Fouse: Yes I mean. Can we call that out because it is, it is obviously somewhat higher than per the historical run rate and given the characterization, then I will pull it on, how we took the provision in the portfolio, which includes both current defaults and the forward book of business. That is what drove it up under this particular spread of circumstances. I think in the future we would expect it to return more to normal levels, wherever normal is, to levels more in line with what we are pricing into the business, but this particular quarter saw some unprecedented circumstances in certain areas, and we wanted to be transparent about how we dealt with that.
Alberto Weisser: And just what happened from time to time, you remember in ’04, we had the issue with the customers in Asia on counterparty customers. So this is part of the business from time to time and will happen.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. And then another question is in terms of acquisitions, any thoughts on CPO, you both seem to have had your issues, any reason not to revisit that.
Alberto Weisser: Look, by the fact that we tried to merge last year shows that this is very much part of our strategy to invest not only in our core business, but also in complimentary value chain. We still – we feel very positive about Corn Products. Nothing has changed, in fact it probably made us understand it much better and think it fits us, but look this is the way life is. It didn't work last year. We have to be prudent this year, but we will be – always be looking at opportunities in the future.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: My last question. Any issues with covenants or anything like that with your debt structure, anything that, you know, something up against anything that we should know about?
Jackie Fouse: No. In fact as I mentioned earlier [ph], the credit metrics are the best we have ever been. We have got a very strong balance sheet and financial situation. So, no issues whatsoever.
Ken Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it.
Operator: We will go next to Terry Bivens with JP Morgan.
Jason English – JP Morgan: Hi, good morning guys.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Terry.
Jason English – JP Morgan: Yes, this is actually Jason English pitching in for Terry this morning. A couple of quick questions, first on fertilizer if I can, I just want to understand the FX offset here. You guys took a charge of $361 million on the financing side, but the net FX that you report is $225 million. Is the $136 million difference essentially offset you realized from the prior quarter?
Jackie Fouse: Yes, that is the recovery of prior quarter impact. That is correct.
Jason English – JP Morgan: Okay.
Alberto Weisser: And in the quarter.
Jackie Fouse: And in the quarter. So you're constantly recovering as you go along, some of which were related to the prior quarter and some were recovered in the quarter itself.
Jason English – JP Morgan: So over the last two quarters, I think you guys have taken a hit of around $630 million, you recovered $136 now. Is it safe to assume then your carrying almost $500 million of accrued benefit into ‘09.
Jackie Fouse: No. It is significantly less than that.
Alberto Weisser: What you – you're probably referring to the $600 million, it includes the agro business. The agro business foreign exchange is immediately offset because we revalue the inventories. The inventories are valued in dollars. So – and that is immediately as you see it in gross margins. So, we highlighted the 225 because this is the only one where there is a timing issue and that we will recuperate in – during this year in the first and second quarters mainly.
Jason English – JP Morgan: You know, I'm looking at the 270 hit from the third quarter and the 361 from the fourth quarter. I mean it is something that you recouped this quarter was a bit of a carryover from the last quarter?
Mark Haden: Jason it is Mark. Think about the third quarter as being the 215 that we identified in the text, and then in this quarter think about the 225. That this –
Jason English – JP Morgan: Okay.
Mark Haden: Difference on the segment data has already been recognized.
Jason English – JP Morgan: I got you. Okay. Well, thanks, it is helpful. So back on fertilizer this quarter, we've got $136 million kind of FX benefit, offsetting $361. If I back that out of the gross profit for this quarter, I essentially come up with neutral gross profit in the fertilizer segment. So it's sort of FX clean, if you will, on the gross profit line. Two questions; one is that a fair way to look at it and secondly why was – if it is why was the FX clean gross profit essentially neutral.
Mark Haden: Well, you've got the 33% decline in volume for the quarter. So that is part of it when you compare. Are you doing comp comparing back or you’re doing just the absolute value for the quarter?
Jason English – JP Morgan: Just the absolute value. So I’ve got 135 of reported gross profit plus the 136 FX offset.
Alberto Weisser: But, you know, to your point that is exactly what happens. The prices, international prices came down, not all of it. You have to remember we have two pieces of the business; one is the retail business and one is our own mines. So on the retail part of the business, inventories were bought at higher prices and international prices were lower. So in some of them we really had losses and that is the explanation on the gross profit.
Jason English – JP Morgan: That it, thanks. That is kind of what I was thinking. So essentially your inventory value was kind of close to what you were selling it at. I'm sure there were some other factors, but assuming that is the case and you're still, as you mentioned, your release carrying some relatively high priced inventories. If we see further erosion in the market prices for this, could we be facing a write-down issue?
Jackie Fouse: Well, I mean it is a good question. In terms of how we look at that, we look at the portfolio of inventory, we look it at on an average cost basis that is still below market value if you had a significant further decline in market process, the answer is theoretically yes. You could have a write-down as of – we are monitoring that very closely as of – right now we think it is fine, the related issue and with respect to the first-quarter profits and we know that we've got that higher cost inventory to work through during the first quarter. And on the fertilizer side, I think even though we expect some improvement in process over the course of the year during the first quarter, they are where they are and that will impact our profitability.
Alberto Weisser: Now in the last couple of weeks or two weeks fertilizer prices have come back. There has probably been a significantly destocking and we have seen already first shipments into India, and so we believe that we don't have to make a write-down because we don't see at the moment a further reduction in prices. In fact, at the moment we are seeing prices coming a little bit back when I look at (inaudible), it is something around $350 when the low was around $300, and I think the market realizes that prices in first-rate area have to be higher because for the necessary expansions probably they have to be closer to the $500 per ton for the industry to invest in it today. The new plant, Greenfield plant that will be necessary for the future demands requires a price closer to $500 per ton. So, we don't see at the moment a further reduction in prices, quite the opposite is a small recuperation.
Jason English – JP Morgan: Okay. That is helpful. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And we have a question from Christine McCracken with Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Christine.
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research: I wanted to ask a follow-up on the latest comments relative to, you know, in terms of expansion plans, you know, we have roughly 50% or so I think of global phosphate production idled at the moment, and I guess I'm a little concerned that we actually given some of the constraints around containment, actually end up in a shortage situation going forward. I'm wondering can you just comment on, you know, where we are relative to that and if you have any concerns relative to kind of tight supplies, maybe not a concern, maybe your expectation relative to pricing.
Alberto Weisser: The reason why we announced this expansion of our phosphate production was exactly the way we saw the global supply demand. We do see that there is going to be shortage. So there is a need for additional productions. So we, and as we are starting to see also the demand in grains and – stabilizing and even if it is flat or slightly up this year, this all means we will need to have more fertilizer, and we also have to remember that the pressure on usage of water, pressure of usage of land, it all means that we need more technology not less. So we have a – we continue having a very optimistic view on, not optimistic, a realistic view that we will need more phosphate production in the future. Remember that until 2050 we have to double production of food and I am sure we will have to use less land. So this issue at the moment, we see it a very, very short-term issue of – in fact we even think that there is some significant destocking, and the need for the additional phosphate will be necessary soon.
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research: But just in the near-term outlook, when you look at current run rates on production and where we are in terms of inventory of phosphate currently and the demand that you could see over the next 12 months. Are you worried at all the supply wouldn't be there for producer needs or is it that –
Alberto Weisser: I was not worried until a couple of weeks ago, I started to think about it because too much production or a lot of production was idled in US, in Morocco, and other parts of the world, and we don't know exactly how much the inventories, how much the pipeline has been de-stocked. So, we will see it over the next couple of weeks. There is a risk. I don't know how big it is, but there is a risk for that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Bledsoe with Barclays.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning Chris.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: Good morning. Can you maybe just help me understand why historical ROIC, these are more reliable metrics for gauging EPS than another measure like historical profit per ton? The reason I ask is because you are basing ‘09 EPS guidance on a sort of historical range around your ROIC since your IPO. But when I look at, you know, average profit per ton in that same period, it implies an EPS level, you know, that looks to be well below the low end of your ‘09 guidance range.
Alberto Weisser: Let me try it and I might need the help of Jackie. Look, I think one of the reasons why this is like this is that this is the most important bonus criteria in the industry, especially in the case of Bunge, everybody is based on returns. So, everybody is looking at it and if you, if the returns are significantly higher, you start seeing additional investments in capacity. If they are lower, people shut down capacity. You saw, we shut down two plants this year. So there is a very natural tendency to get close to cost of capital. The reason we think we have the competitive advantage and we are above cost of capital is because of the size, the logistical network, the ports, and the way we operate it. So we have some advantage vis-a-vis probably some smaller players, but it is pretty much everybody thinks in terms of risk, rewards, always returns. So that is probably one of the reason. So if we see something that is not returning, we go after it and we start eliminating all the issues that are around it. So that is the way we are – we run the business.
Jackie Fouse: And just given the volatility that we sometimes see on the EPS side, we wanted to, you know, link those concepts as well so that when one thinks about our asset base and the level of profit that we expect to be able to generate on that and, you know, “a normal environment” whenever that is and you look back at the track record, it makes a lot of sense from that standpoint. In any given year if you have highly positive circumstances I can push your returns significantly up as we saw in 2008, as Alberto said if that would last for any length of time, then you could get capacity coming in to drive them somewhat back down and you could have a year where things are particularly challenging and the returns are a little bit lower than our target of 2 percentage points above WACC. But – so it is linking those two concepts to try to give more than one dimensions on the way that we think about the profits that we should be able to generate on our asset base.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: And just to follow up on that. I assume that in the last couple of years you had seen a pretty substantial increase in construction costs for your projects and, you know, the industry as well, which would then naturally required greater dollar returns anywhere to maintain what would be the kind of the same ROIC in percentage terms. So, I guess I'm just wondering why with, you know, so much investment in recent years, why should historical ROIC hold up in the next year or two in a downturn if, you know, the denominator had risen so much on a per metric ton basis over, you know, that over the last five years or so that you are using to or 7 years that you are using to gauge the ROIC.
Alberto Weisser: You know, these high investment costs we compensated by other kind of components. Logistics is extremely important to us. You saw a major expansion in Argentina. Argentina is probably the most efficient system in oilseeds. The same happened in Eastern Europe. All the plants we built in Eastern Europe meant that the smaller, inefficient ones had to be shut down. They disappeared. So it is a qualitative change that we were able to do compensate the additional investment costs. You have to add very important is the grain origination and distribution logistics pose. It starts becoming part of a system and it was dramatic the efficiency that we brought to the system by bringing more products from Argentina and expand – and changing the whole system in Eastern Europe.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: And then, just for in the quarter, I apologize if you already gave it, ROIC in the quarter and maybe if you have that kind of on (inaudible) basis excluding some of the non-recurring type of items that you have called out.
Jackie Fouse: We look at it on an annual basis. That is the only way it makes sense. So we don't do it just for the quarter.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: Or even like on a trailing –
Alberto Weisser: Trailing 12-month, that is the way we look at it, yes.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: Okay, all right, and so, you know, if I were – if I were an ad processor that had a, you know, an acceptable ROIC say in 2002 based on the average profit per metric ton in 2002, and I didn't develop, and I did not add any, you know, any projects or invested capital during that period, then the ROIC or an average profit per metric ton would be acceptable to me, but what you are saying is the industry has added to its cost base in recent years, and that cost has gotten more expensive, and therefore to justify continuing to operate at that – at the same levels requires a greater profit per metric ton, which if not achieved you would see the industry back off of production rates.
Alberto Weisser: If I understood your question correctly this one (inaudible) processor in ‘02 who didn't invest probably by now the returns would be below cost of capital, and so, I think I made gave the example of a similar one here on the call in the past in the case of Spain. When we put together Bunge and another at that time Cereol, several of our facilities at the early 90s, it was covering cost of capital. When we bought Cereol in ’02, it was significantly below and we shut down four plants and built two new ones. So you have to adjust, you have to improve, you have to move. So that is part of our business. That's why you always going to see new plants in different locations, and always it is all about more efficiency and link to logistics, not always size, it is location logistics. So there has, you will always see investments in the arena. But it is probably more a little bit growth, the long-term the growth rate of this industry is 4%, but you will also see investments because of efficiency.
Chris Bledsoe – Barclays: It's helpful, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Moskow with Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Hi thank you. Hi Alberto, I want to know if you could comment a little bit about the sugar industry in Brazil. What we are hearing is that a lot of small processors are having a lot of trouble getting financing, that the financing costs when you can get it are incredibly high and then there is a couple of properties out there that it sounds like you’re still bidding on. What kind of competitive advantage do you have because your financing is lower than what the local players have, and if you have that, is this the time to start accelerating since the acquisitions that you are making in the region. Thanks.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Hi Rob. Let us correct the – the amount of credit not to the farmers, the credit of the farmers has been less affected but to the industries we operate there is – it is much tighter. So it has become a little bit more difficult. Also the ethanol margins are lower and so some of the players in the industry are having a little bit more trouble and that means you immediately saw that many of the expansions have been halted. So it is, the environment now is much more for a buyer than for a seller. So we are looking at it like many others, but also you have to remember that the cost of capital has gone up. So we expect higher returns. So at the same time, we continue expanding our mills, the two mills we bought and the one the Greenfield. So we're not stopping with that because similar to the previous question, I think it is very important to have the right size plant in the right place to have the lowest cost. So, not everything that is in the market is interesting from a long-term point of view in terms of returns. So, prices have to come significantly down if you want to pick up one of the less efficient plants. So I think we have shown in the past, we are disciplined, we want to continue being disciplined. There are going to be opportunities. We are on the lookout, but we have to be careful, we have to be prudent with the current general environment.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Is that fair to say though that your cost of capital, even though it has gone up, it is still lower than say what a local player would face or do you think of Bunge Brazil cost of capital.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Especially being a global company, investment grade, our cost of capital is significantly lower than the local market.
Jackie Fouse: But we do also look at the projects factoring in the risk of the particular geography that we are looking at. So it is a bit of a balancing act to get that right but –
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Doesn’t sound like you're seeing a lot of sellers like high-quality sellers. So, we're seeing a lot of low quality sellers. Is that fair?
Alberto Weisser: I would prefer not to comment. This is too specific but we, I think we now have a very good team, it is a large team and we have much more insight than we had three years ago and we are, look we don't need to buy. If the opportunity is right, we would, but otherwise we will continue with our program. We are very, very happy with our decision to buy and build the ones we have in the Northern part of Brazil, in Manaus [ph] and in Matto Grasso too. I think it has validated our strategy. We're going to have a competitive advantage there.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: We will go next to David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
Scott Bennett – Citi Investment Research:
 :
Alberto Weisser: Good morning.
Scott Bennett – Citi Investment Research: Just wanted to understand, earlier I believe you indicated that the industry in Brazil was looking for kind of flattish growth in fertilizer volumes off of last year's week base. Given that sort of circumstances what would give you confidence that we could start to see maybe somewhat of a uptick in fertilizer prices from current levels?
Alberto Weisser: It is much too early to indicate what kind of volumes we will see in the year, but we're talking about flat because we are considering all kind of things, credit, all kind of considerations, but you could make a case that the world would need a little bit, would need more crops. So, you could make the case that there might be more sales in fertilizer, and I would say also in terms of the prizes probably we have now a bias. Especially in phosphate and urea and ammonia there is probably an up bias on the upside. Obviously, in the case of potash, it is already at a high level. They have come down probably a little bit too much in phosphate and urea.
Scott Bennett – Citi Investment Research: Okay. And then just another correction, you know, you had indicated that you are seeing four crushing margins in the US. You expect that to continue next year, Argentina should be weak because of shorter crop but you indicated that, you know, soft seed crushing results in Europe should be pretty good and Brazil should be fine as well. Just wanted to know what was driving things in those markets in Argentina, excuse me, in Brazil and Europe.
Alberto Weisser: In Europe it is the – it is the right supply and demand, the right – let us call it rapeseed, some seeds and the soybeans that are needed, the soybean meal. We have a situation where the market is more or less than in balance. So you can have normal kind of margins. In the case of Brazil, it is a – the country has continued growing. There is a very large meat industry domestically and Brazil has become a very large also exporter of meat. So you will continue seeing a good domestic demand. Brazil is becoming in the soybean meal area, the markets domestically are expanding at 10% per annum, the meat industry because of – as the country is getting richer and the lower-income population is having access to more funds and eating more proteins. So this is a – it is a much more domestic situation of good profitability. And in the US, I think we will see a good second half, for sure a good fourth quarter but from now until then it will be a little bit more difficult because the livestock industry is suffering, but we think it bottomed and it is starting to look better. So for the next probably one, two, perhaps three quarters it will not be that easy, but the fourth-quarter is going to look healthy.
Scott Bennett – Citi Investment Research: Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: You're welcome.
Operator: And we will take our last question from Steve Byrne with Bank of America.
Steve Byrne – Bank of America: Hi. Were the reductions that you saw in your fertilizer shipments in the year and particularly in the quarter in line with what you expect were lower application rates in your key end-markets or do you believe application rates were even worse, given buildup of channel inventory levels?
Alberto Weisser: We – we have on purpose reduced, Bunge on purpose has reduced its sales because we didn't want to have any credit issues. So, we lost a little bit market share, but everybody was careful. So I would say that the yield will suffer. It is very difficult to say, but everybody was so careful the farmers would have loved to buy. They really wanted it, they need it. The farm economics are fine. So they could see how to make money, but it was much more the supply-side keeping it back, not the farmers not wanting to buy. So, it is too early to say but we think there will be a yield issue in Brazil.
Steve Byrne – Bank of America: And so if application rates were below normal once the inventory and the channel has worked through, do you expect an increase in those application rates in 2009.
Alberto Weisser: Yes and I expect a little bit more application rates and all the indications until now, it is very early, January is very early but all – how should I say, the mood is good between the fertilizer sellers and the farmers. So we were very worried in December, but it looks a little bit brighter now. We're a little bit more comfortable with the outlook.
Steve Byrne – Bank of America: And what would you estimate the current operating rates of your fertilizer manufacturing facilities?
Alberto Weisser: There are very dull and we shut down plants, blending facilities. We even, for the first time we even reduced the production of all our mines. We don't want to have a build-up of any inventory. We have probably from ‘08 three months of inventories we want to work just on the first before we do it, but we will start producing – we will start producing soon. So we will ramp this up.
Steve Byrne – Bank of America: And then just lastly with the JV with OCP, how is the value of the rock transferred to the joint-venture. Is that a cost or market value based?
Alberto Weisser: It is at market – it is transferred to market. Obviously, there are some special discounts because of volume and so on, but it is basically on market, on the market level.
Steve Byrne – Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And that conclude today's question and answer session. With that, I'll turn it back to Mr. Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Okay. Thank you everyone. Thank you, Elizabeth. We will see you next quarter.
Operator: That concludes today's Bunge conference call. We thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden – IR Alberto Weisser – CEO and Chairman Jacqualyn Fouse – CFO
Analysts: Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to today’s Bunge Limited third quarter conference call. Well note that today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Haden. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Haden:  Thank you, Sara, and thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited third quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Before we get started I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion of the third quarter results. It can be found in the Investor Information Section of our website, www.bunge.com, under Investor Presentation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. I’d like to direct you to Slide two and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflect Bunge’s current views with respect to future events, financial performance, and industry condition. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in its reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation, and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call this morning to discuss our third quarter results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge’s Chairman and CEO, and Jackie Fouse, Bunge’s Chief Financial Officer. And now I will turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, everyone. The third quarter was a volatile time in the global agribusiness and food markets, but the Bunge team managed through the period with skill. We head towards the end of 2008 with a solid liquidity position and continued expectations for a strong full year results. I am proud of our team’s efforts and accomplishments in this record year. Current market conditions are clearly different than the extraordinary ones experienced in the first half of the year. When compared to the first two quarters, recent results have been pressured by softer demand for feed inputs and slower farmer selling in certain regions as well as reduced fertilizer sales in Brazil. There is weaker overall demand from livestock companies in U.S. and the soy complex is feeling some pressure from the substitutional feed wheats for soymeal in Europe. At the same time, however, soymeal demand is growing in Asia and Brazil and USDA forecasts overall demand for soybean meal to grow by 2% next year. Larger wheat harvest in Eastern Europe have created export opportunities for Ukraine and Russia. As the first nine months of 2008 demonstrate our industry is dynamic, so it’s important to view today’s weaker market environment in the broader context. Conditions change and value shifts from region to region, product to product, and up and down the production chain as the market adjusts to new conditions via its normal functions. Underneath this change there are basic and steady fundamentals that will continue to generate compelling growth. World population and living standards in developing economies continue to rise and non-food uses for agriculture commodities are expected to increase. These factors will contribute to a rebound in overall demand. At the same time, ending stocks of agricultural commodities remain below historic norms, which will encourage the markets to maintain commodity prices at levels that provide incentives to farmers to plant larger areas and buy the nutrients necessary to generate higher crop yields. What we believe is important is to be global and to have a global view of the market, to have a broad product portfolio and to be integrated from farm to consumer so as to capture efficiencies. These qualities provide a competitive advantage over regional or single-value chain companies and Bunge has them. There are two global strategies for growth. The first is to invest in our core businesses. One example is our purchase of a 50% stake in the Phu My Port in Vietnam. Since 2004, Bunge has had exclusive rights to ship agricultural commodities through the port. As an owner now, we will be able to expand the port's capacity and accelerate the growth of our business in this attractive market. Another example is our recent purchase of a wheat mill and distribution center in Brazil, which will enable us to better serve bakery customers in that country. Our second growth strategy is to invest in complimentary value chains such as sugar, which is a promising market in which we can leverage our expertise. In September we purchased a majority stake in a second sugarcane mill in Brazil, which we plan to expand. We also entered into joint ventures with the Japanese firm Itochu to develop sugar and sugarcane-based ethanol opportunities in the country. Together, we will complete the expansion of the Santa Juliana mill and develop a new green field mill. The three projects should reach full annual capacity of over 12 million metric tons of sugarcane in the aggregate, within four years. Since the announcement of the merger, Corn Products and Bunge have been engaged in preparations for the integration of our two companies. Bunge and Corn Products currently anticipate that the special shareholders' meetings of both companies will be held in mid to late December, rather than November as previously anticipated. We are disappointed in the performance of the stock prices of the two companies, but Bunge's belief in the strategic rationale for the merger is unchanged. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jackie, who will take you through the third quarter results and outlook.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Good morning, everyone. Thank you for being on the call. We go to Slide three of the webcast slides and look at some highlights from the income statements. Overall, Bunge produced a solid Q3 results in a volatile market environment. With respect to the quarter, having come off a very strong Q2, we saw the impact of a shift in profits, notably for fertilizer into the first half of the year, and we are seeing some additional shift into Q4 for both fertilizer and agribusiness. For Fertilizer, under the uncertain environment with currency and commodity price volatility as well as tight credit conditions farmers are being cautious in delaying purchases and we are managing our credit risk very carefully. For Agribusiness, we see slower selling by farmers in the U.S. and Brazil and some impact from the delayed harvest in the U.S. and we will talk a bit more about the segment results in just a moment. Q3 was also impacted by about $215 million of negative currency impact on fertilizer, U.S. dollar financing for inventories, which will be recovered in future periods as the inventory is sold. All this being said, we see a solid quarter in Q4. We posted record profits for the nine months and we will post record profits for the year. While we have seen this year in terms of how the business has developed serve as an excellent reminder of why we have to look at our results on an annual basis. On the next slide, I will talk about the effective tax rate. Effective tax rate remains in our guidance range of 24% to 28%, but has moved to the lower end due primarily to a shift in taxable income from higher tax jurisdictions to lower ones, partly impacted by the impact of the weaker Brazilian real. In the quarter, we also had a $15 million Hungarian tax credit. It seems like not a huge number, but it makes five percentage points on the net income of – or on the pre-tax profit of the quarter. Looking now to segment results on Slide five, with respect to Agribusiness, oilseed processing margins remain good, but were offset by lower volumes especially in the soy complex. Softseed in Europe and Canada performed especially well. Origination margins are somewhat off recent highs as the uncertain environment is causing farmers to delay selling and distribution margins are also a little off as customers are monitoring the evolution of prices before making purchasing decisions. With respect to Fertilizer, we saw lower volumes in the quarter than previously expected. This comes about because of the accelerated purchases in the first half of the year and as already said, also related to farmers under the current volatile environment waiting as they are making their fertilizer purchasing decisions currently. We are also continuing to keep credit tight and hold margins as we manage the risk. I already spoke about the impact of FX on Fertilizer. When we look at the most recent and numbers – volume now for the retail sector, it looks like it will be flat for the year, and we expect to be somewhat lower than that due to our credit policies. On the Food Products side, edible oils was impacted in the quarter by higher-priced crude oil inventory as prices in the market declined and we expect this to work its way through over the coming months and to have some recovery there in the future. Looking at some balance sheet statistics on Slide six, we’ve managed through the current financial market turmoil well with the strengthening balance sheet. We saw a significant decline in the quarter especially versus the end of June in operating working capital as commodity prices fell. And we continue to manage working capital efficiently. Our cash cycle has come down about three days since the end of 2007 and about six days in the year-over-years comparisons to September of last year. Shareholders’ equity is up $800 million since 12/31/07. Turning to Slide seven, this is just graphically depicted, as we continue to manage the growth of the business very prudently, our debt grows – continues to grow slower than working capital and shareholders’ continues to grow faster than debt. With respect to cash flow for the quarter and the nine months on Slide eight, we have very strong funds from operations driven by the profit performance both for the quarter and the year-to-date. As I spoke about already, we have a significant decline in working capital in the quarter and this leads us to strong cash flow from operations generation both for the quarter and for the nine months year-to-date. In addition, after CapEx and dividends our net retained cash flow is also positive. On Slide nine, some information on liquidity that we think is important to highlight especially in the current financial market environment. All of our committed credit lines are undrawn as of the 30th of September. Total liquidity from this source of funds is $3.7 billion. You can see the details of those on the slide. We have cash of about $1.5 billion as of the end of the quarter of which roughly half is (inaudible). During the quarter, again, in a difficult environment, we raised new facilities totaling about $570 million, and we consider this to go towards refinancing our December bond maturity. These are term loan facilities. With respect to other maturities, we have begun the marketing for our November revolving credit facility rollover. That marketing is going well and we expect a good outcome on that transaction. Looking at the remainder of the year, and the 2008 full year outlook, we have maintained our full year earnings guidance of $11.60 to $11.90 per share. Agribusiness should benefit from the harvest in the northern hemisphere and we expect them to produce solid results for the quarter. Fertilizer fundamentals also should remain strong, though we are now anticipating some moderation in volumes versus what we expected before as we are controlling credit and as farmers are taking their time to make their buying decisions. As already mentioned, we expect a portion of the FX loss in Fertilizer that was recorded in the third quarter to be recovered as those inventories are sold over the coming months. We also anticipate that Food Products results will improve due to lower raw material costs and actually work through the crude oil inventory that we had in Q3. On Slide 11, we are giving you some information with respect to an earnings baseline concept. In terms of how we look at our business model, we thought it would be useful to give this reference point, (inaudible) theoretical framework related to return on invested capital, which is independent of earnings guidance, but translatable into an EPS baseline number. We think it’s particularly important to remember this way of looking at our business model especially when the environment is volatile. As you have heard us say many times in the past, our annual return on invested capital target is a minimum of two percentage points above the weighted average cost of capital. And this target is an important performance measure for Bunge. As you can see, on Slide 11, our ROICs have been quite stable every year since our IPO and it has exceeded WACC. We currently estimate our WACC at about 8.5%, which would give us an implied baseline target ROIC of 10.5% for 2008, and that translates into an EPS baseline of about $7.50. Because of the above average performance in both Agribusiness and Fertilizer this year, our results are on track to produce record profits and returns that are five to six percentage points above weighted average cost of capital, clearly above the baseline target. So when we think about our stated long-term target, constant annual growth rate and EPS of 10% to 12% per year, we think about it as growth in baseline profits linked back to our return on invested capital target. And with that, on Slide 12, we remind you of that average EPS growth of 10% to 12% per year range, which we continue to see as very doable. Again, it’s an average. It can be a little higher, little lower any given year, but we are holding that range. And we remind you of the average annual growth that we would expect over the next five years in our business segment volume of 6% to 8% Agribusiness, 5% to 7% in Fertilizer, and 3% to 5% in Food Products. With that, we will open the call up to questions and answers. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) And we will go first to Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research:  Good morning.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Christine.
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research:  Alberto, can you talk about the current credit situation in Brazil and what gives you the confidence at this point that the farmers are going to come back in and buy fertilizer and plant crops as – this year especially given the drop in commodity prices?
Alberto Weisser:  The environment is – there are two components that show it that the environment is different for the farmer. One is that the farmer is a little bit unsure by so many moving parts. So, on one side the real is weakening, which is extremely positive for the farmer, but also for us, and at the same time that means that the input costs are also going up and some commodity prices have come down in prices. So, as these movements have been quite strong, the farmer has been a little bit unsure when to move. So he is delaying it to the last minute. And – but, net-net, this is positive for the farmer because the income line is dollarized and this is going up, and the inputs, which are also dollarized, but in a smaller amount, lower, so the farmer is in a better position to decide now to buy and lock in the sales. Now, on the credit side, it is tougher. The input companies like us and others are much more reluctant in giving credit. But this has been picked up first by banks and more recently also by money funded from the government through the banks and especially Bancodo Brasil. So, the liquid – the credit situation or the liquidity is much less than it was before, but it’s moving. The fertilizer sales are – if I am not mistaken, based on ANDA something like 4% up versus last year. And the new expectation from ANDA is that it will be flat vis-à-vis last year. So, it is a sign that it’s moving not as fast as we originally thought, but it’s moving. 
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research:  What’s the risk though, I mean if you listen to some of your competitors that have been really aggressive with expectations what’s – and they have recently kind of backed off the growth expectations for Brazil. Why do you believe that farmers won't but back on input use dramatically at this point?
Alberto Weisser:  The – I am more optimistic because you have to remember that breakeven cost has come down for the farmer. The last number I saw was it at $9.80 per bushel for soybeans in Mato Grosso. And for Parana, we always give – only gave Mato Grosso, but in Parana, which is closer to the coast, is at $6.50. So, with this much weaker real the profitability for the farmer is going really up. So the farmers would like to plant much more if they would have more access to credit. So – if you – if I – my view at this – this is a very healthy environment. This is going to be very positive also for next year. A weaker real and weaker productions. There was going to be expansion for – there is room for expansion next year. So, I see the environment today quite positive. It might have been better if we would have seen a higher volume, but I think it is a healthy environment. The whole structure is much healthier and I like the fact that we are not going to see a major expansion in production because it makes – it’s better for ’09, better for ’10. You will remember that we had these excessive expansion in ’04. That created a problem in ’05. So, personally, as a seller of inputs to the farmers, I am happy the way the situation is going at the moment.
Christine McCracken – Cleveland Research:  I will leave it there. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you.
Operator:  Next we’ll year from Deutsche Bank, Christina McGlone.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Hi, good morning.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Christina.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Alberto, just touching on Agribusiness, part of the weakness in volume seem to be more on the supply side, so farmers not giving up beans and (inaudible) harvest immediate effect that the U.S. was sort of out of beans because we had to make up for Argentina early on in the year. Can you talk about now that we harvested nearing completion and you are able to get the beans, how do you expect the results to trend given the demand outlook?
Alberto Weisser:  The – it’s on both sides, Christina. It’s both on the demand side and also on the supply. So the supply has been a little bit delayed in U.S. also because the harvest has come in a little bit later. And so that’s why our grain origination business didn’t do the movement we normally do, but it will shift to the fourth quarter. And in – from Brazil, the farmer just was sitting also the same way as he was or she for the decision on inputs. It was also thinking about what’s the right movement to do on the sales of grain. But the – so, it’s difficult to see how much is from origination, how much is from demand. On the demand side, it was weaker in U.S. The livestock industry reduced it. It was more sale in the first half of the year. So there was over production of livestock of meat. And now they are pulling a little bit back. So let’s call it – there was a shift also from the second half to the first. And we have to remember also we had two weak years in the past of wheat. And therefore we picked up some feed wheat customers and sold soybean meal to them. And as the wheat production was good this year in the northern hemisphere both in Europe and in United States. So, we are giving some back – some business back to the feed wheat industry. That’ why both sides have been a little bit weaker. But I – that’s why we call it short-lived or short-term. This for us is something like perhaps maximize six months and then the demand should be picking up again and that’s also one of the reason probably USDA is expecting the soybean meal demand will be up next year by 2%.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And on the Fertilizer side, can you talk about if the pipeline, the amount of inventory in the whole industry, and if import parity is holding? And then also, October is such a key month for sales. How were October fertilizer volumes?
Alberto Weisser:  The inventory is good. It’s probably a little bit on the high side. And so by the end of the year we probably are going to have a little bit more inventory than we planned, but different than 2005. Nobody is really discounting it and selling it. So the – I expect the volume to be in line what ANDA is saying, flat vis-à-vis last year. So it will flow, but slowly and carefully. We also have to remember that many – much of the soybean and corn fertilizer were sold in the first half. So, it’s a little bit – from the volume point of view a little bit worse. It’s early to say. You know the real was going up. I saw it this morning, it was devalued again. So the farmers are trying to cut it very, very close to the last moment because it’s all in their favor. Because the weak real is all – it goes directly to the – their bottom line, it’s all the income then.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. So, it sounds like import parity is holding?
Alberto Weisser:  It’s holding very well. So that is why they hedge to our funding. It’s perfect. We are being able to charge the prices we need to – so the hedge is working perfectly and the international prices have come a little bit down. But because of the devaluation so the impact is less there.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  And last question, how should we think about Sofrina [ph]. I mean my sense is that the planted acreage would be down and fertilizer intensity would be down in a big way. Can you give any color on that?
Alberto Weisser:  It’s a little bit early to say because it depends also exactly how the – this planting goes, how the crop goes, what the intentions are in U.S. to plant corn. I think it is a little bit early.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you, Christina.
Operator:  We will now move on to Ken Zaslow with BMO.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Good morning, everyone.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Ken.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  A couple of questions. One is, how much can a weaker real offset or how much can it offset lower fertilizer prices in 2009? Can you give us the sensitivity here?
Alberto Weisser:  Look, I don’t know what you mean with offset. The –
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  How much can – if fertilizer prices come down and the real weakens, what’s the relative sensitivity to each other?
Alberto Weisser:  Look, let me answer perhaps in a different way. I would say that all the income of the farmer is in dollars. So, a 30% devaluation is a 30% increase in net sales. And 60% of the input costs of the farmers are in dollars. So the farmers’ margins is expanding very nicely. So, the farmers are smiling with this devaluation. And it’s not much different also for Bunge. I think probably if you – Fertilizer and one-third of our Agribusiness is Brazil or not one-third but around 20% let’s say, little bit less than 20%. 45% of our costs in Bunge are in Brazil. So, this has a positive impact on us as well.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  So, a 10% move in call it the Brazilian real has what impact to Bunge’s earnings in 2009?
Alberto Weisser: 
 :
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well can (inaudible) a direct relationship where you can do it exactly like that. It depends how the currency evolves over the course of the year on an average basis. Obviously, any given quarter also has some impacts from the quarter and number in there. The – so, the best thing to do is just look at some of the numbers that Alberto just gave you with respect to the percentage of our cost that are real denominated and what the benefit then should be there under different exchange right [ph] scenarios and in thinking through those the farmer economics, the way that Alberto highlighted in as well.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. In terms of the CPO deal what’s happening with that? Do you need to sweeten the offer? How do you see that play out?
Alberto Weisser:  We are working actively towards closing the deal. We have significant amount of integration work. I am excited about it. I think it is – we are seeing more and more opportunities. We are seeing – this is clearly transformational for both of us. And there is more opportunities for growth than I thought. I think there is strategic rationale and logic. We are working towards it. I am optimistic.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Do you think the deal actually closes?
Alberto Weisser:  I think so.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  And the CPO shareholders you think will be fine with it?
Alberto Weisser:  I think so. This is a merger, Ken. I think the current stock prices are completely disconnected with the reality. If I think about – we are going to make close to $12 EPS this year, and when I look at next year we talked about the baseline. This is a baseline. So, when I look at the next year, we are not ready yet to make guidelines but I see some good upside there. And I look at our stock price. This is a P/E of three or four. This is not realistic. Even when we went public, it was 10, no one knew it – knew us. And it was 10. So that is why I like the concept the way we structured the deal. It’s a merger. All the upside is for both shareholders. Corn Products shareholders are going to own 21% of the new company. So, everything we will do it’s in the benefit of them. So, the current stock price obviously is irritating, but it does not give any sign of the value of the two companies.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Why don’t we buy back stock, and I will go back into the queue. And you are saying you are irritated by the stock price, how come – and you are flush with cash, why don’t you just buy back your stock? It’s a good investment.
Alberto Weisser:  I am not – let’s say ,I am not irritated with the stock. I look at it – I am frustrated, let’s say, like that. But, Jackie, why don’t you tell it – all the thought on buying back stock, so –
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, Ken, obviously, we look at all of the investment alternatives that we have at any point in time and whether it is CapEx or investing in working capital or M&A or potentially financially oriented things like buying back shares. But it’s – I think one has to put into perspective the fact that we are managing this business for the long term. Those investment decisions need to be long term decisions based on the economic value-add and the returns that we expect to generate in perpetuity, basically. In the current environment we just need to keep that in mind. We need to keep in mind the need to balance liquidity concerns given the volatility that we have seen and our expectation for how the credit markets are going to function over the coming months and even year or so. So, we are looking at all of that and we’ll balance all those considerations as we take those kinds of investment decisions.
Alberto Weisser:  And you also have to remember, Ken, we are seeing that this – we saw a stress in the system as prices were going up. And there is probably even more stress as the prices are coming down. We have to keep our powder dry for perhaps some opportunistic moves we could do.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  At $34 it seems like opportunistic would be buy your stock back, but I will get back into queue.
Alberto Weisser:  We think about it. Don’t worry about that. So we – but we have to debate and compare it with all kind of other things.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay. I will get back into queue.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you.
Operator:  And from Credit Suisse, we go to Robert Moskow.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse:  Hi, thank you. Another question on Fertilizer. Your guidance for fourth quarter implies that you will get some of that foreign exchange loss back in the fourth quarter, but not all of it. How much inventory are you sitting on right now and is it your view that there will be enough of a rebound here that you can get rid off or so, what you have, or are you willing to sit on it even longer into 2009? Thank you.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Let me start, Rob, and Alberto might want to jump in. I mean as Alberto already spoke about, we do have a bit more inventory than we normally would have. Part of the reason for that comes back to us managing the credit exposure extremely carefully. So, if it’s a question of trading off and maintaining margins. So, if it’s a question of trading off the margin we would rather give the volume right now to hold the margins and to make sure that we end up with the credit profile that we want to have on a go-forward basis as well. So to – with that in mind, we have maintained the guidance and are looking at the quarter with a view that even with somewhat lower volume that might have previously expected we still expect to recover a significant amount of that currency. We are seeing the ability to do that in the pricing. And we have seen that throughout the month of October. It’s a very dynamic process. But we are not counting on getting all of it back because we do have a bit more inventory than normal. And so we know it’s going to take a little bit longer to move that inventory.
Alberto Weisser:  I would add that these excess inventory is perhaps one month more than usual. Instead of four months we might have five. But it doesn’t worry us because most of these products are imported time [ph] of products and anyway for the season, for the corn, for the sugarcane, for coffee, so this is good value we are sitting on bought at good prices. So it is not too much.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  The current inventory cost, it’s a very important point, is quite good for us given where international prices are. So we are very comfortable with that. If it takes us a little bit longer to move it and we are maintaining the margins, absolutely fine.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse:  Can I ask one follow-up question. Alberto, you started your remarks by saying that emerging markets are in better shape than they have been historically and I guess what you are saying is that they are – they can withstand these economic crisis better than they have in the past if protein consumption remains high, I imagine, or grain consumption does. We just did a little bit of work on financial crisis in Asia and Russia in the late 90’s and we noticed one to two years of declines in protein consumption in those countries. And I am wondering what – that clearly isn’t your view? But could that be a scenario that could come around for the next couple of year and if so what does that mean for demand for your oil seeds? Couldn’t it be much lower than 2%?
Alberto Weisser:  I don’t think so, Rob, because we have to also remember that – look at this year where we were and extremely high soft commodity prices, very high freight costs. The freight costs are tremendous – have a tremendous impact in us selling the products around the world. You have to remember that much of the grain and soy –proteins have to be shipped around the world. So this has come down dramatically. The freight cost, the Panamaxes are around $12,000 a day at the moment. They used to be $100,000 a day. So the commodity prices came down 30%-40%. So the products that are – the end product is cheaper and it moved. Now, is there going to be an impact on the global demand, probably yes. We have seen in the U.S. We have seen it a little bit in Europe. We are seeing it in Asia. The – our estimates for growth in Asia continues to be in the6%-7% area of grain and proteins. You know, we have seen now 28 years in a row of growth in oilseed consumption, come crisis, go crisis. You know, this is very basic stuff. You might see a little bit reduction in protein in the meat area here and there, but we – the meal – I don’t remember when we had – since I am with Bunge 15 years, we only had one year where I remember where it was flat, in 2003, where we had this issues in Europe and where – I don’t know, it doesn’t matter, but – so, I am confident. We just traveled around South America, Asia, and there will be a little bit less growth. There will be some impact but I don’t think we are going to see a negative number in meal and oil consumption next year – grain, meal, and oil.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Rob, you know, you specifically mentioned Russia, but the – I have lived through that late 90’s process in the consumer packaged goods industry very directly. The drivers for the process at that time were different and well – and the whole situation in that particular country was different. So I think you have to sort of look at each process and what the elements were driving it and the particular larger countries situations at the time when you think about what’s going on today too.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse:  I think that’s true, but the current crisis could be worse, we don’t know.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Yes, maybe, and from a financial standpoint, but different – energy processes are still different today than they were in 1998 and even though they have come off their highs and so on so forth. Just something to think through.
Alberto Weisser:  You know, you are right. We have to think about it. But that’s the beauty of our business model. If there is going to be less demand, so how much is that 1%-2% and we will adjust ourselves. When you think about what we had to do, we probably cut 75% of our costs in Brazil over the last 10 years. We would be able to do that. We have to remember at the same time there normally is a down-trading. You might have less consumption of the more expensive proteins and you have – and less cattle and beef and there is lamb and so on. But it ends up being more chicken. And chicken is a very high consumption of grain. Also – I am confident, Rob.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse:  Very good. Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser:  You are welcome.
Operator:  Next we will hear from David Driscoll with Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Great, good morning, everybody.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Dave.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  So, I wanted to start off by asking you a little question here about guidance. I really want to understand, Alberto, what’s changed so you have – from the way I look at the guidance, $0.30 reduction in your ongoing EPS guidance, meaning that you “maintained” guidance, but the one-item were up $0.30, thus the ongoing number is down. Can you talk about why that has happened and in particular which division is really the culprit here.
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, look, Dave, talking about future is always difficult. So when I think about where we will end at $1.6 billion net income, which is a dramatic increase over last year and I feel very good about it. Now, this – when we talk about estimates, $100 million in one or the other direction I think that is – I find it very hard to get it so precise. Now, what has changed I think what is a little bit different than when we talked to you before is we had some signs of a little bit slower demand. And so we had thought about it. We have perhaps built a little bit of a cushion into our guidance. And so – but it’s probably a little bit more and we see some shift of – from third quarter. Some of them was a little bit more in the second quarter than we thought. It was also – there is some shift into the fourth quarter. So, I would say – overall I would feel that the demand is a little bit weaker than we thought.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Yes, I mean, David, your math is correct. So that’s just reflecting the things that Alberto has just spoken about and the fact that we want to be a little bit careful with respect to Q4 even though I think if you come back to what the implied Q4 EPS number is, it’s a very solid quarter that we expect. But given the uncertainty with the timing of the recovery of currency impact and some things like that and we are just watching the environment as to how this play out in the northern hemisphere and so on and so forth. We are being a little bit careful about the quarter but we think it’s going to be a good quarter and that’s reflected in the maintenance of the guidance where it is despite the $0.30 one-timer in Q3.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Jackie, on Slide 12 of your presentation, you talked about the average EPS growth of 10% to 12%. I got the sense that you were trying to suggest that 2009 would grow at that rate over your ’08 numbers. Is that what you were aiming to do and if not what your comments on ’09 right now?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  I will give our ’09 specific guidance with good quantification around that and the assumptions behind it as usual when we have the full year results announcement. What I wanted to do is just how the business model has performed with respect to returns in the past. Our expectation for that baseline performance in the future, how that’s linked to EPS and the fact that we are maintaining a long term view that we can produce average EPS growth of 10% to 12% on that baseline. That’s what I am trying to highlight because it feels like the current market environment has a little bit lost out of the fundamentals of the business model what our long term performance should look like.
Alberto Weisser:  And, Dave, on – let me give you a flavor. This idea of – and Jackie’s presentation about giving you the ROIC is in this – the market at the moment where people having some doubts about where the business is going. This is another reference. And obviously this is a combination of – we have many businesses inside Bunge. We have officially four segments, but below this we have many segments, and each of these segments has their own baseline. But if I look over the next – in the mid-term future, ’09-’10, I think we should be doing quite well because Food, Milling, Edible Oils, Agribusiness should more or less be in the – their own baseline, and Fertilizer should be doing better. The fundamentals continue to be positive for strong prices both on potash and on phosphate. The demand is there. So until the new mines come up and stream, we are going to have solid picture there. And we have a new component that we have not factored in there in all of this, which is the weaker currencies. We have talked about the weaker real. And also it will help us the weaker euro. We have to remember we have by now already 25% of our business in – Agribusiness is already in Europe, and softseeds, in soybeans, in sunflower. With the new plants up and running there is going to be some upside there.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Alright, so at the sake of being completely repetitive here, what you are saying is that your ’08 baseline at $7.50, Alberto, you feel the future is better than that. Your ongoing guidance is for 10% to 12%. Thus, even though you are not giving ’09 guidance, you sort of are because you are saying that the $7.50 times the 10% to 12% should be at least one thesis on why these numbers should pencil out into something better than that in 2009 although you feel the general environment is better. Did I capture your comments right?
Alberto Weisser:  I will leave it at that. The only thing I will say is keep it as a flavor and we will give you in January – you know, this is – we do this very, very careful, very serious – we are in the final phase of our budget process. The markets are moving all over the place but I give you a little bit of a flavor how we are feeling. And so they are different moving parts. We have been accused of being conservative. So that’s why we introduced also the concept of baseline. So, I think this is important to see. Our business model is based on 15 – nearly $15 billion of assets in five facilities with 25,000 employees working. We have to be – we have to remind everybody this is a sum of many, many small parts that have to work together and we think about over the time return on invested capital. So, if there are years where we can perform very well, like ’08, and we feel good about ’09, that’s good. But we – you will get the guidance in January’09.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Do I have time for one more question?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Thank you, Alberto. What’s happening with the current local prices for wholesale phosphate in Brazil and if you could bring that up both sequentially last quarter and year-over-year I think that would be helpful. And I sure I want to have a follow-up right here on this particular point, but I think it’s fairly critical.
Alberto Weisser:  I will refer you to – perhaps Mark can help you later. The only thing I know exactly, Dave, is that what is important for us is the input parity working. How we will be able to charge the international prices and the answer is yes. So – which – even with a higher devaluation, I think it is important. But, Mark, perhaps you can either add something or talk to Dave later.
Mark Haden:  Yes, I will catch up with him later.
Alberto Weisser:  Yes.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Alberto, so my follow-up on this would be kind of two points. First off, you have made a strong argument here that the devaluation is good for farmers. Then later in your comments you said that your own expectations would not necessarily assume that the devaluation that has happened recently would be – that the real-dollar exchange rate would be maintained at these prices. I would completely come with a totally different conclusion than you have come with that a devaluation at this point in the planting season at Brazil is very bad. It raises the input cost to the farmers and the farmer has no true expectation that they will be able to receive the theoretical value for soybeans come April of next year. So if you in fact have an appreciation of the currency from now till April, it’s the worst of all worlds. Your foreign currency – your input cost went up as the farmer in Brazil and then your bean price goes down when you look at the revenue compensation. So your breakeven analysis, it is critical that it assumes that the real-dollar exchange rate stays constant, but then later you said you didn’t think it would. So can you help me match up these comments and why you think that this so positive for the farmer today?
Alberto Weisser:  Because the – most of the farmers when the buy the inputs they already sell – they already fix their – the sale of the grain. So they are – they don’t – they – some of them do speculate, but most lock in their margins by buying and selling. Now the – there is obviously the risk you are saying that some of the farmers might be buying now the ingredients at these high prices and the real gets stronger again next year and then they might be in trouble like we had before. And that’s probably one of the reasons the volume is down so some farmers don’t – won't take the risk. So those who are moving, are going to make good money because they are locking in their margins. And the margins have expanded for them.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Great. Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser:  You are welcome.
Operator:  Next we will hear from Merrill Lynch, Diane Geissler.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch:  Good morning.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Diane.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch:  Hi. Just a follow-up on the CPO. What is the contingency plan if the CPO shareholders vote no. You know I appreciate your comments about – as you have worked through the transition process you’ve become more and more enthusiastic about the opportunities that the transaction involves for you, but you existed for a hundred years without a corn wet milling business. So, can you just talk about what would be the contingency there if you get a no vote from CPO?
Alberto Weisser:  We have lived alone for 190 years, Diane, so – we are from 1818, not me but the Company. The – I would feel very comfortable about it. I think these markets are all over the place. It will work out fine right. Now, having said that, Bunge is in the best position ever I think when you say – look at our record earnings this year after already a good year last year. The highest level of capitalization we ever had, the highest position in liquidity. I think we are in oilseeds, and grains, and fertilizer, we are very well positioned. I probably never felt so good about where we are. So, it’s – we are ready for – we are prepared for any of these scenarios. So we feel very strong. But I am optimistic about it. It will all come together.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch:  Okay. And just on the point of your capitalization, Jackie, I think I might have missed it. You said that you had successfully refinanced the bonds that are due in December. Was that a term loan?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, we – I mean what happened during the quarter is we did – we raised a couple of three-year term loan facilities. They add up to $570 million. And we are considering that to basically go against the bond maturity in December. So that’s new money that we raised during the third quarter so that the bond maturity in December can come from there and it doesn’t have to come from some place else.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, perfect, I appreciate that. And then just a question on the sugar mill. You talked a little bit about it in your press release and in your commentary what you are doing there through your JVs. Can you talk about – how much have you invested in the various pieces? You may not want to talk about it individually but can you give us an idea about the investment in that business and then would you – should I assume that your ROIC target that you have given in your presentation today would be applicable to that and that’s how we should think about what’s the kind of returns that investment will have over the next two to three years?
Alberto Weisser:  Look, I don’t have the exact numbers here, Diane, but to give you an idea, probably each of these mill, once it is all up and running with the four million tons that we want to have it it’s something like $300 million to $350 million. Obviously, we have bought them – some of them on the early stage, some of – one of them is a green field and we have – our agreement with Itochu obviously is good for both. It is – there is some entry payment they made but it’s at the very beginning. It is much more about investing together. So I think we are very excited about working with Itochu because it’s a – we have been working with them in Asia, in Japan, and it’s a very important way also to export ethanol into that market. The returns – we see them positive. Obviously, with the weaker real they improve and I don’t know exactly how your question was in terms of return on investments on sugar.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch:  Well, I am presuming that your – the hurdle rate you use with respect to investments in sugar-based ethanol or whatever else you are doing in sugar, the commodity itself would be similar to your consolidated return targets and I guess my question is really what is the timing on those? When we should expect these assets to start –?
Alberto Weisser:  The hurdle rate is higher than – our hurdle rates normally are higher. These are more risky countries. There is also – the hurdle rates are higher. They are normally higher. And – but in terms of – it takes us probably four years until we have build it out completely. And first the two brown fields we have – we call it brown field because we already bought something which is 1 million, 1.5 million tons. It’s – first of all, it’s only ethanol. But soon we will be building the crystallization facilities also for sugar and the co-generation turbines. Each of these mill has a 70 megawatt co-generation turbine to sell for eight months electricity to the grid. So these are all mitigating factors. So there are really components of it. It’s sugar, the ethanol, and the electricity to it. So, the returns, because it takes four years until you completely build it out but I think the normal type of paybacks are in some of our other businesses.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch:  Okay, great, thank you.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you.
Operator:  And next we will hear from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Good morning, everybody.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  I am just going to ask you to clarify for me because I am not clear. You have thrown out that $7.50 is your baseline earnings and we all know what guidance is for this year, and at one point, Alberto, you said you saw a good growth going into next year. I just can't tell whether that’s off – whether you mean that’s off and I am not asking you for guidance or how much things are going to go up or down next year. I just want to understand whether you are talking about things looking good off of $7.50 or off of the guidance for ’08?
Alberto Weisser:  I was talking about the baseline, the $7.50, and I was giving some flavor how we feel about the future for all the three segment lines. I was talking off the $7.50. And we really don’t know because we are finalizing our budget for next year, but I was giving – I know it’s a little bit frustrating for you, but that’s the way it is, but we are in the process where I was – either I am optimistic about the ’09-’10 because it’s either baseline or up – so but it’s too early to tell you where exactly we will be. 
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay, that clears that up. And now I just wanted to ask you in Fertilizer we have seen sulfur which is obviously one of your key inputs. That price has come down materially and I believe your contracts are from October till April and then April to October. Have you re-contracted your sulfur cost yet?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  We have done – hi Vincent, this is Jackie – we have done a – most of those. However, we have shortened the terms of the contracts on a lot of it to three months from six.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Is that because you have an expectation that prices can go lower from where you were able to contract?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Potentially.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And so (inaudible) so I guess my point would be that it seems like with the real moving in your favor, your input cost coming down, and you are saying you are still getting the U.S. phosphate price, which has come down somewhat. Did that net out to your margins in Fertilizer being about the same or potentially even better?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, could.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. And then obviously the offset would be that your volumes are going to be weaker in the fourth quarter and that we don’t know what time [ph] will look like next year.
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, exactly.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  That’s correct.
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, right. We learnt it from ’05. We are much more careful on credits.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Okay. I think I had one other thing. Last year which was – no, that’s it. I will follow up with Mark later if I have any –
Alberto Weisser:  Okay, thank you.
Vincent Andrews – Morgan Stanley:  Right. Thanks guys.
Operator:  And from Barclays we will go to Chris Bledsoe.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  Good morning.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Chris.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  If I think about where the stock is trading here and try to get into the market head if I can and may be kind of backing into what the market is thinking right now for an ongoing earnings number for Bunge, if I were to just kind of apply maybe a historical 10 or 11 time multiple I would basically be backing into a number that says the market thinks that your ongoing earnings is kind of in the $3.50 range, which would put you all the way back to 2003 earnings level. To me that seems pretty severe and clearly you agree –
Alberto Weisser:  I think it’s an (inaudible).
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  Yes, and I think if you are thinking about an ongoing earnings number or a baseline EPS number closer to $7.50, I guess my question is – would really be basically a doubling of what the market is implying, what type of other investment projects could you envision given you are better than a 100% return.
Alberto Weisser:  We think about that also, so –
Jacqualyn Fouse:  And – I obviously have to agree with the math, so – but that 100% return would be –
Alberto Weisser:  One time.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  A one-time or in some fairly short time horizon, so we are – I understand it which is why – as I said, we analyze all of our investment opportunities and we will balance all the considerations and I will leave it at that for right now. But when we are thinking about our core business and CapEx spending for that matter sort of core working capital volume growth and that being an investment how we look at M&A projects and Alberto mentioned in the current environment potential opportunities also because of depressed valuations to may be have some attractive things there. Liquidity, given the current – but when we look at the investment opportunities and all those other things have a very, very, very long time horizon. And a share repurchase decision is a different decision. It’s partly related to capital structure, but it’s partly related to – especially right now the way people are looking at it, the short term return consideration. So we are just thinking all that through. We don’t want to take a decision for the wrong reasons.
Alberto Weisser:  And as far as I understand we could anyway not do it now before the special shareholder meeting with – of Bunge and Corn Products, so we could not do it now anyway.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  Got it. Okay. And then just as a follow-up, the ROIC numbers that you gave on Slide 11 and then also some of the info you gave on Slide seven, I appreciate that, and it’s all very helpful. What I have a more difficult time with is that – the 2001 to 2007 period. For the most part during that period you are generally talking about an era of inflation across the grain complex and you are talking about an era of – until more recently CapEx spending in the industry on the decline. And so I guess I have a hard time understanding why – if today’s environment is characterized by deflation and CapEx spending across the ag space is at peak levels in terms of expansionary spending, why wouldn’t there be a risk to that 10% or so type of baseline ROIC?
Alberto Weisser: I would argue a little bit differently, Chris. If you look at the past, ‘03, it was an inflationary environment, and ‘04 was deflationary. And just to see it, we made more money in ‘04 than in ‘03. We generally make money with prices up, down, flat. High prices are good for farmers, low prices are good for end customers. We are in the middle of it. It is a little bit different for fertilizer where we need the farmers to have enough high prices so that they can operate. So, we are really looking at it in an environment of – it doesn’t matter how it is. That is the way we build our business model. I would argue that over the years, this industry has become more rational, more disciplined, and the last time we had a little bit higher expansion of CapEx, the need was in the beginning of ’06 and we saw that before ’06, so in the beginning of ’06 – we had lower margins because of the excess production in Argentina. That was the last time we had too much CapEx, I am talking about oilseeds. When I look around the world, the market is digesting the new plant we have in Indiana in Claypool some of the expansions we have. And we have ourselves adjusted it and had longer downtime for maintenance. So, I believe that from the CapEx side, in the area of oil seeds and fertilizer and grain, I am very comfortable. It is less fragmented, more rational, and there is not too much excess capacity. So, that is one area I am not worried.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well I think you have also noticed over the last few years us growing our CapEx spend in the lesser developed markets relatively more than in the developed markets. So, you could even continue to see a lot of focus on maintaining the right level of capacity utilization and even some tweaks in the network in developed countries to address capacity issues as well, but continued expansion for sure and at higher rates outside in the emerging markets. As you are seeing them too in Eastern Europe and Asia, and those trends will continue.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  So I guess investors’ concerns are that you are building for a global sort of growth trend or off of a base – you are building capacity off of a base that represented sort of global demand that is perhaps at risk. If that’s investors’ concern, it’s really, I guess, simply your response would be that it’s not that’s it’s not your view that global demand will flow or will reverse. Is that fair?
Alberto Weisser: Yes – absolutely. When you think about – let’s take this USDA scenario for next year, 2% growth of soybean meal and 4% of oil. So, there is no new plant. All the plants that we need they are existing now, so there is no new plant going to be up next year. So, there is already going to be additional demand. So, you would see capacity utilization going up next year. If it goes back, as we expected, to a 5% growth rate the year after, you need 10 million tons a year of oilseeds. So, 10 million tons of oilseeds means one or two additional crushing plants. So, we are very comfortable with that scenario. Also, when you think about the expansions we are doing in sugar mill – in the sugar mills, I think that there is older – if you just look at the domestic demand of Brazil and the growth in sugar worldwide, the world will need between 250 and 300 additional sugar mills over the next seven, eight years. So, and there are only 80 that are either being built or projected. So, I also don’t see an issue there. On the milling side you have seen all the investments we have done is to substitute. There were two Brazilian mills means we shut down five and expanded two. So we rationalized efficiency movements –
Jacqualyn Fouse: Upgrading.
Alberto Weisser:  Upgrading and we bought one from Cargill recently in Brazil. So, this is all about consolidation. We are very, very, very careful. In our business, I completely agree with you, too much capacity is problematic. So, we are very, very focused on it.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  And what you see across the industry doesn’t concern you at all either?
Alberto Weisser: Not at all.
Christopher Bledsoe – Barclays:  Okay. Well thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you, Chris.
Operator: Next we go back to Christina McGlone. Christine?
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Thanks for the follow-up question. Alberto, for a while the industry backed off on contracting forward with farmers to buy beans but now that commodity prices have come back, is that picking up again and back to normal?
Alberto Weisser: You are talking about the advance to farmers?
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  No, the – just –
Mark Haden: Forward.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Yes, right Mark, forward purchasing.
Jacqualyn Fouse: It has come back some especially in the U.S.
Alberto Weisser: Only in the U.S.
Jacqualyn Fouse: We are probably still not back to the same levels that we saw a year ago, but it is coming back versus a very small forward book that we have had for the past two months. 
Alberto Weisser:  Let – okay, do you mean U.S. In U.S. let’s say the limitations of the bigger players from a liquidity point of view and worry about margins (inaudible) that it is each is much more. Today it is much more, the farmer is not so much interested than we not giving the opportunity.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank: 
 :
Alberto Weisser:  I mean we are buying it from the farmers, right? We are buying the beans from the farmers and we are going out to every farmer at the moment saying whoever didn’t sell it yet, sell it to us because this is a very attractive moment. So we are making sure those who have done, they locked in the margins that they are in good shape, and those who didn’t do it, we are going after them to make sure that they do it now.
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Okay. And then last question, your Russian plant is supposed to open the end of the month and things are chaotic there. I mean how is that going, what the environment look like?
Alberto Weisser: I think the – I don’t know what you mean by chaotic, I think that where we are – things are fine, people are eating, and they need more. We are going to inaugurate our plant at the end of the month in Voronezh. And I think we are excited about it. It took us much longer. We are a little bit ashamed, but it is our first plant in Russia, so we learnt. It is running well. It is in a test phase. We are quite happy about it. It’s in line with what we expected and should have a positive contribution next year and the same is valid for Ilyichevsk in Ukraine as well.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yes, it is already running, Christina. It’s – we just have the official ceremony on the 31st, so –
Christina McGlone – Deutsche Bank:  Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And David Driscoll has our next question.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Great. Thanks for taking the follow-up. Jackie, can you give us a little bit of guidance here on the fourth quarter tax rate? I think you said you maintained the guidance but just given what’s happening with the real and the third quarter tax rate, I haven’t had a chance or enough time here to do the math, but it just seems conceptionally to me that the fourth quarter tax rate ought to be something similar to what the third quarter was?
Jacqualyn Fouse: No, in fact the – now, let me come back and just start from the beginning. So, if you go back to June and think about the guidance that we gave in July and then the June actual, at that time, given the mix of pre-tax profit that we had built in to the overall picture, that led to an effective tax rate that was on the higher end of the range, so closer to the 28%. That was the number for the six months and it was what we expected basically for the full year – for the full year to come out to the higher end of the range. What has changed a little bit has been – we are seeing for all the reasons that we have talked about throughout the call this morning with respect to the real weakness and the impact that that has on the translation of the profits and FIN 48 reserves and all that (inaudible). And some shift in the mix of income from our tax jurisdictions like Brazil partly because of the fertilizer and largely because of that I would say. So, we reevaluate that mix of income, we recalculate the numbers, and we get an estimate for the full year towards the lower end of the range, so around the 24%. And what happens is you make the adjustment to get to that year-to-date number in your nine months, obviously that has an impact on the quarter because you have to make the adjustment in the quarter to get that year-to-date number down and now it’s in line with what we would expect the full year to be based on the pre-tax income mix. And then the only reason I mentioned this $15 million of Hungarian tax credit is not because $15 million is such a huge number, but given the amount of income that we had in the third quarter that $15 million does pull just the third quarter rate down several points when in the grand scheme of things for the full year $15 million of the tax line wouldn’t mean very much, but it can in a quarter like the third quarter, so that’s why I mentioned it. Did that help?
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  That was very helpful. Can you also give us your updated number for interest expense for ’08?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yes, we may need to follow-up with you on that because you have seen the nine months number and obviously with the debt levels coming down there is a positive impact of that although, as you know, spreads have widened and so when we look at our all-in borrowing cost we have to kind of net those two things out. But if you don’t mind, Mark and I coming back to you on that, we’ll do that.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  I would really appreciate that. Last question, Alberto, what is your expectation for Brazilian soy acreage just percentage-wise? In the last couple of calls you commented on it, but maybe I can get you to make a comment right now given we are so close to the planting time.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, it’s – I am – we don’t have any very good precise visibility because this is all happening now, but more anecdotal estimate is that acreage will not expand but grain production, yes, because let’s say it differently, you will not have new acreage but you have some conversion of pasture in parts of the country closer to the coast. So, let’s say it differently, acreage is between 0% and 2%-3% expansion, less than we expected before.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Right. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser:  And the comment about fertilizer being flat means that the implication is that perhaps there might be some issues on yield because some farmers might be being a little – skimping a little bit on it. So you have a small expansion of acreage but you might have a little bit less yield because some farmers are not going to use all the technology.
David Driscoll – Citi Investment Research:  Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser: You are welcome.
Operator: And our last question will come from Ken Zaslow.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Just one follow-up, Alberto can you compare this environment going forward to a historical time and how you operated in that period of time?
Alberto Weisser: Well, that’s an interesting question. I would say it is a mixture of a couple of different moments. But let me say it in a little bit different way, we have had some moments before when there was temporary slowdown on demand and that gives us the confidence that it’s a pause, and so this will be picking up again the demand. So, we anecdotally see traveling around the world that the mood is much better than when you are in New York or when you are in Western Europe, so that is one experience. The fertilizer experience, we never had before. It is a very solid environment. And I think all of us underestimated that how the emerging markets – the developing countries, the poor countries had grown more and the diet has shifted to more consumption of protein, not only meat but also eggs and dairy and things like that. So, that’s different. I think what is similar is – and when completely different approach to the Brazilian farm environment, much more careful than in the beginning of ’05. And in one way or the other where I am feeling good is that the Company is well structured and we are facing an environment of a weaker real and that is positive. So, overall, I feel quite good, Ken, where we are, well positioned and some issues with the demand, short term, but overall the fundamentals are very, very strong. I don’t think we have had a similar year like this. Also, we have grown so much. When you think about it, we are probably seven to eight times bigger than we were when we went public and we are in many more countries and many more regions, so we didn’t have experience in that.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Would you say over the last two to three years you guys have had the real strengthening on you and created at least $300 million to $400 million of incremental cost, is that a fair guesstimate?
Alberto Weisser: It is massive. You know it is massive when you think about it. I don’t even know any more – our guys are tired of so much cost cutting and adjustment. I would like to make – give you the analysis of one of the companies, Bunge Alimentos. We have now 5000 employees, we used to have 20,000, and we doubled our production over the last seven, eight years. That gives you an idea of what it means. So to have finally a relief from the currency it’s something important.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Like $400 million, $500 million of importance [ph] or, what is massive?
Alberto Weisser: No, look, we don’t know exactly. Let’s not get too excited about it. Our budget is going to be based on a strong real because the fundamentals of the country are good, and the interest rate is high, so we have to be careful. But anything above 165 is perfect and I think today it was at 250 or something like that.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets:  Great, I appreciate it.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you, Ken.
Operator: And Mr. Haden, I will turn the conference back over to you for any closing comments.
Mark Haden: Sara, thank you very much and thank you everyone for joining us today.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - Investor Relations Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jacqualyn Fouse - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citi Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day everyone and welcome to the Bunge Limited Second Quarter Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I’d like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden, please go ahead sir.
Mark Haden - Investor Relations: Thank you, Steve and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited second quarter 2008 earning’s conference call. Before we get started I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany our discussion of the second quarter results. It can be found in the Investor Information Section of our website, www.bunge.com under Investor Presentation. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. I’d like to direct you to slide #2 and remind you that today’s presentation includes forward-looking statements that reflects Bunge’s current views with respect to future events, financial performance and industry condition. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risks and uncertainties. Bunge has provided additional information in it’s reports on file with the SEC concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in this presentation and encourages you to review these factors. Participating on the call with me this morning to discuss our second quarter results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge’s Chairman and CEO, and Jackie Fouse, Bunge’s Chief Financial Officer. Let’s go to slide #3 and now I’ll turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone. We are very pleased with the second quarter results; Bunge’s strong performance is a reflection of our skilled team and the value of our global and integrated network of operations. The last four quarters have certainly being a unique and challenging time, participants in the food and agribusiness production chain. The market has been characterized by volatility and high prices caused by increasing demand, tightening supply, high energy prices and temporary disruptions in some regions. To these environments Bunge require significantly more working capital to serve both farmers and customers and effective risk management is essential. The agribusiness and food market is dynamics because it is global and connected to many fundamental elements of the world economy. We will always see shifts from period to period as the market through its normal functions adjusts the prevailing conditions. However, the long term trends that drives demand growth in our industry remains steady, the gross population is increasing and living standards among the billions of citizens in developing economies continues to improve. As demand increases the world will need largest supplies of corps and smooth global trade. Customers will look for strong suppliers that can provide broad product portfolios and flexible global service, consumers will see greater options and affordability in their food purchases. We see Bunge playing an important one that generates value for shareholders and benefits for all other stakeholders. We can manufacture fertilizer for farmers, so they can produce larger crops on less land acts a physical link among regions that enables the effect of distribution of commodities and process products efficiently and safely so food generally is less expensive for the end consumer. Over the past eight years as a public company we have invested billions of dollars, so we can serve this role better and profitably. We are created a more global integrated and balanced business that can capitalize on opportunities in numerous geographies, provide customers with broad range of basic and value added products and which has performed well in a variety of market conditions. We see the positive results of these long term investments in our recent earnings. Our plan combination with corn products is the next logical step. As slide #4 shows the combination with corn products will create a more global company with greater opportunity. Building on corn products asset base, Bunge will be able to expand its integrated operations into promising markets such as Mexico, Columbia, Korea and Pakistan, where today we have either a small presence on none at all. Similarly, corn products will be able to leverage Bunge’s business in places like India and Europe where the company does not currently operate to build local operations or to import higher value products. Of course in North America, Brazil, Argentina and China our combined operations will create a stronger presence. As you can see on slide #5, corn with milling is a complimentary value change, it fits very well with our existing business and by adding it to our operations, we will able to generate additional value from our supply chain and from distribution among other areas. When we established our focus for synergies and incremental profit prior to signing the merge agreement we only included operations in which we had good visibility primarily in US and Brazil. We believe that as we integrate our two companies additional opportunities should emerge. The alliance we already have in Brazil supplying the bakery industry is a good example of how we can generate incremental value, we have every reason to believe that we pursue similar efforts in all places. We are really excited about this combination and see it as another transformational step for Bunge adding another platform for growth. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jackie, who will take you through the second quarter results and outlook.
Jacqualyn Fouse - Chief Financial Officer: Good morning everyone, thank you for joining us on the call today as Mark mentioned you can follow us along with some slides on the webcast. I’ll start my comments with slide #6. Buying growths for the quarter was a little bit more moderate versus the first quarter of this year, that remains quite solid and I would remind you that we compare to a very strong Q2 and ’07 where the fertilizer growth rate were in excess of 50%. So, the fertilizer growth was slightly negative in total for Q2 and I’ll talk a little bit more about that in the segment results. Profit growth about the EBIDT and net income levels continues to be strong as margins remain high and we’ve performed well in all business units. Our effective tax rates remains in the guidance range of 24% to 28%. Looking at the segment results for the quarter, agribusiness results were led by oilseeds processing, the grain and oilseed distribution and grain origination also performed particularly well. Agribusiness results also benefited from the $117 million of the transactions tax credit that was booked in the quarter in that segment. Gross margins in almost all regions of the world remained good and the fundamentals are very solid. Fertilizer posted strong retail volume for the quarter driven mostly in corn and crop demand but these are offset by reduction in wholesale volume versus ‘07 as a result of inventory restocking last year. Food products overall performance continues to improve versus last year, edible oil volume growth was solid, but was partially offset by lower volumes in wheat milling due to Argentinean flower competition in Brazil. Profit growth was nevertheless good, driven by good margins in wheat milling and edible oils in many geographies continue to benefit from price increases that we were able to take last year though certain parts of the world are feeling some pressure there and there is a bit of a lag with respect to that as we see continued high crude oil process in that segment. The results in food products also benefited from the Toronto ramp sale and the transactional tax credit booked in the quarter. With respect to balance sheet, we continue to be very focused on managing our balance sheet and working capital as we continue to see a volatile price environment. But working capital is up over a $2 billion since year end all this is in readily marketable inventories and debt is only up about $1.2 billion as we are generating stronger profits and stronger funds from operations before working capital changes. Equity grew by $1.5 billion and our cash stock improved about 5 days versus the end of the year and about one day versus the year end ’07 cash cycle number. Looking back to the time the company went public the growth in the business has managed with an average strengthening balance sheet, so you can see the shareholders equity has been growing faster than debt, faster then working capital, faster then sales and our gross debt has been growing slower than operating working capital and sales. Looking at the cash flow for the quarter in the six months ended June 30, as already mentioned strong funds from operation before working capital changes has been driven by better profitability, so we are earning more money on the capital prior to commit to do that. Cash flow from operations was negative for the quarter and for the year-to-date due to the change in working capital but less so than last year. Given the commodity fast movers during Q2 we think are relative performance as demonstrated by our cash stock flow performance, and our cash flow performance has been good and we remain very focused on this issue. You saw in the quarter that we spent a little over $200 million in CapEx and some of the major projects that we have going on there include sugar projects in Santa Juliana, a plant in Russia, expansion in Tianjin, and a number of fertilizer projects. So, continuing to invest in our infrastructure and our core industrial assets. Looking at financial liquidity as of the end of the quarter and these the numbers that you will see on the slide in the web cast slide #11 show availability only under committed facilities we obviously have other sources of liquid funds that this one is a very straight forward one to look out, well strong financial liquidity at the end of the quarter about $1.9 billion and this is within a quarter in which striving process were up 34% from the end of Q1, to end of Q2, corn up 30% and wheat was down about 10%. So, even with the price hikes of June we ended the quarter with a strong liquidity position and as we think process come of some what as you know during the month of July. So, for that liquidity possession has improved even since the end of the quarter. Our focus for the reminder of the year is to refinance a $1 billion revolving credit facility and $500 million bond maturity that takes place later this year. With respect to the outlook for the reminder of the year, as Alberto mentioned in his comments the markets fundamentals remain quite solid. We expect good harvest in both the US and Europe. We continue to see the given levels demand and the demand supply dynamics that acreage needs to expand in South America to ensure surplus. So, process will have support that acreage expansion. We expect fertilizer fundamentals to continue to be strong and in our food product segment, we expect to continue to show improvement there. There are some challenges still ahead of us, they are the same ones that we have spoken with you about before the Brazilian Real continues to be very strong. We have to be attentive to managing our cost base in Brazil. Its also the case is strong Real and the higher input cost for corps will pressure Brazilian farmer economics. We also are seeing higher raw material costs in fertilizer and could put pressure on those margins and edible oils as well for managing that very carefully. As you may have also seeing with respect to the latest SG&A forecast that high agricultural commodity prices may start to put some pressure on demand growth the latest forecast for the ‘08 ‘09 cycle are up 4% for vegetable oil and that 1% for meal. So, continued growth in demand but it slightly slower rates than we saw for the previous cycle. As we’ve also are seeing this year government policy changes can disrupt price loss. So, with that we have increased our full year guidance from $9.35 to $9.65 a share to a new range of the $11.60 to $11.90 a share the net income increase of about $300 million and we maintain the effective tax rate guidance range of 24% to 28%. So with that I will open the call up for Questions and Answers.
Operator:  (Operator instructions). We will take our first question from Christina McGlone from Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Christina.
Christina McGlone: I guess first questions Jacqualyn, following on your agribusiness outlook and the volumes in the quarter where should we think about volumes demand versus cross margins kind of in your major regions, how should we think about that as the year progresses?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, I think we will continue to see very solid fundamentals for the remainder of the year if you go back and look at the same period of last year I think you will see that the growth rate in agribusiness the quarter in ’07 were pretty strong around 10% and I believe for the six months they are around 12. So, the fact that they are bit more moderate in this quarter compared to last year I think the comp is little bit tough. So, I think we would expect to see them closer to our stated long term growth range for the second half of the year. That being said, we are seeing little bit of pressure on demand so, you could have a point or two impact there. Alberto do you want to add something.
Alberto Weisser: So, the crossing margins are solid Christina I think that we have to always remember is that so much of the growth is around the growth, so much of the growth after the globalization really started in 1990, we have a significant additional demand from the developing countries and so, we see a lot of the strong demand, I think even the 1% of the USDA is amazing when you think about the high prices that we all have out there.
Christina McGlone: And so, basically agribusiness is kind of shifted some being driven by maybe at this location opportunity and the merchandizing function, few all of the processing is that correct that what we’re seeing today?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, in terms of the relative over performance is it’s probably been a bit stronger in oil seed processing piece of the agribusiness but the distribution results are also still very good as our grain origination, so --
Alberto Weisser: In fact, in this quarter pretty much everything worked very fine with these dramatic increase in prices the high volatility this is exactly the moment where the companies like us are well positioned we have to have the credit lines we have to be ready to serve everybody. So, I was amazed it was obviously stronger then we excepted how well all the business units worked, it was grain origination, it was grain oil seed I would not highlight one specifically, it was everything that was working very well.
Christina McGlone: Okay. And then, shifting to the fertilizer and farm economics in Brazil, what do you, I think, before you had guided 5% to 7% fertilizer volume growth I am not sure if that was Bunge or the industry, is that changing at all given where farmer breakeven is and whereas to having prices that’s fall in to very recently I think farmers would still plan to breakeven but I am not sure if that’s impacted by the fact that they are doing it forward so its more of a negative, can you may be touch on that breakeven level and farm economics, please?
Alberto Weisser: Yeah, the farm economics are fine for the farmers. The industry expect it still to grow 5 to 7% or 5 to 6% that’s the figures from ANDA and the farm economics are good. You have to remember that for the expansion of the agriculture new land, which we expect to happen something like around to 5%. Soybeans and (inaudible) also have to be at the level above $12.50 per bushel using CBLT and so that’s where the prices are above that level. So, we see continue of very strong interest from the farmers to expand.
Christina McGlone:  Okay, thank you. And, then just last question Alberto, can you talk about Argentina, now that tax was, I guess unexpectedly repelled, what’s going on with that government, are we going to see an energy crisis, is it still going to devalue and how are you preparing yourself for that?
Alberto Weisser:  We are very pleased that it was settled in Argentina that the situation was settled in for our global trade in the farewell way, obviously we suffered in this quarter and doing whole of this process in Argentina and I think it will, the market adjusted self issues like energy we have around the world in other countries, we one way or the other we always found a way to adjust ourselves to that. I’m hopeful and I’m positive about hot it evolved. So, it ended up at the moment being better than we even hop so I’m happy that we see in all the floor of Argentina also come the products out of Argentina.
Christina McGlone:  Okay, thank you.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Christine McCracken from Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser:  Good morning, Christine.
Christine McCracken: Just on your incremental increasing guidance here, you know, its only been a couple of weeks since you raised it significantly already what change in that period of time that gave you the confidence to raise it here?
Alberto Weisser: I think that the difference is first we performed very well, so, in the quarter we had also some long time items and we are getting closer to the time where the Brazilian farmers are giving signs of how they’ll perform and how they’ll buy, the commodity prices are still high and also the fertilizer prices stayed high. You might remember we mentioned that there is upside if the condition stays the way they are, and the conditions are the state positive. So, these are all if you add them all together they give us the confidence that we will be able to perform like we will indicate. In addition also we are especially under corn crop in US, we are deeper into the session in a season. So, we have a little bit more visibility and there is less worry about the weather at the moment, there is still long way to go until the end of August. But, all of this gives us some more confidence that we will perform so well until the end of the year.
Christine McCracken: You are saying that crop prices stayed high but they have felled off pretty hard here in the last couple of weeks, is that affecting your outlook even though it changed or?
Alberto Weisser: I think probably it is even positive, because they are at the level where they are fine for the fertilizer at these prices, and by coming off there is less pressure on working capital, there is also relief for the final customers, to be very honest I’m happy that the prices came a little bit down. Because it was tough out there.
Christine McCracken:  Then just on your comments on sales look to be shifting forward in fertilizer at least on the retail side, you know, typically that’s affected the timing a bit in that fertilizer businesses, is it maybe weakening outlook at all for the second half or is it that maybe even incremental to what your expectations are around fertilizer sales going forward?
Alberto Weisser:  We are very confident about the second half and we are looking into next couple of years in this area, the affect that we had now two years in a row ’07 and ’08 we are so much will so to the saving farm as in corn at the beginning of the year, it’s probably more related with effect that the farmers anticipated that the prices are high for commodities and there was a risk that it would come down like they happened, also the fertilizer prices would continue to increase. So, I think the farmers took a very good decision about buying a little bit earlier. Now, because the farmer economics are positive we will see a good second half. Now, longer term we would expect that apparently purchasing power or the purchasing power of the farmers would go back to a more normal situation like 40%, 60% in the second half, one-third, two-thirds, so the last two years has been a little bit different.
Christine McCracken: Okay. I will be back in the queue. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  We will move on to our next question from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Thanks, good morning and congratulations.
Alberto Weisser: Thanks. Hi, Rob.
Robert Moskow: Hi. I had a question about the inventory that you are holding, you know, obviously the value of those inventories are lot higher than they were a year ago because commodity prices have risen but just in the last month commodity prices are falling maybe corn is falling a lot faster than soy, but does that have any implications for your earnings power in the back half of the year, is there any risk that you bought soy at one price and then you have to sell at a lower price later on? Thanks.
Alberto Weisser: No, it all because I don’t see now we always hedged so fast as metal if it is going up are down, the positive of prices coming down is there is more, clearly, if it stays like this we are going to have a positive cash flow. So, let me tell you I’m happy where it is, so, I don’t see any significant risk on the earning side.
Robert Moskow: Right. And, second question, there was a small news items saying that you are going to start distributing fertilizer in the US, can you review a little bit about the strategic rationale for that and how big you think you want to be in fertilizer in the US?
Alberto Weisser: This is initially going to be a very small venture; but we are because of our large operations in South America we are one of the largest buyer and logistic operator of all these raw materials. And, as US is shifting to become of more an importer of fertilizer we can use our capabilities of doing that. So, this is much more like a commerce activity using our global infrastructure of freight of supply and also with our relationship inside the country to the different operators. So, we see an opportunity to work in this arena but we don’t expect this to be anything really large.
Robert Moskow: Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you, Rob.
Operator: And we move on to our next question from Ken Zaslow from BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow : Hi, good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zaslow: I just heard that you might have positive cash flow?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, we have.
Ken Zaslow: What would it take for you to get the positive cash flow, We in this situation where Soybean prices have gone down enough where we should start to see that or would there be an another lag down to Soybean prices that we need to say?
Alberto Weisser: The only thing we need is non-rising prices. The prices have been rising for the last basically three years. So, the moment the prices stop rising we have positive cash flow.
Ken Zaslow: Okay. And then just on a total different note, I mean what circumstances would CPO be accretive to your earnings since you announced the acquisition I think corn prices have been down roughly 20% or 25%, you just, I think, you said on the call that you didn’t even look at synergies outside of US and I think another market you said, under what circumstances could CPO acquisition be accretive to earnings?
Alberto Weisser: CPO will be accretive to earnings in our call I think we mentioned at the movement we are seeing it 2010 and perhaps even late 2009 depending but I think we said 2010 depending on a certain situations. Now, as we start under wherever is possible on the law to work together and we are getting to know each other better we are quite excited about the opportunities that are out there. So, we before we signed the agreement and we – the information we gave you about the synergies are from that time, we had to go really on the very safe side and things that are very obvious like in Brazil and US. But, as we talk more in newer areas especially new goals areas and new opportunities in logistics in origination and in new countries I think it is Mexico, Columbia, Korea so they are starting selling corn products in Europe, so I think it will be very interesting later in the year as we evolve and get closer to the closing of the deal will be able to give you much more color.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yeah, I think Ken with respect to the synergies, where we have been probably light as I can call it that is on the revenue side and how we came up with what we included in the range that we gave of a 100 to 120 million of which about a third or so is revenue related are really more what I had almost called profit opportunities that when we look at the existing businesses managing common customers and some things as just know we should be able to do in the fairly short term. Those are the common things that we’ve included in that number, so as Alberto said incremental growth opportunities even looking at Asia which we didn’t really quantify some of those all of that is not in there. So, it’s probably pretty interesting in terms of upside. The other thing with respect to increasing dilution is obviously when we did the acquisition analysis and our forecast for corn products, profits on a go forward basis we made certain assumptions about corn process and profitability and so all of them are baked into the analysis and are in different scenarios on that to be able to come up with that as well. So…
Ken Zaslow: So, is there a quarter level and the synergy level that would actually make the CPO acquisition accretive in year one?
Alberto Weisser: There are scenarios, but obviously we need much more time to analyze this and we have seen scenarios and I am very pleased also we have seen two days ago, [Sam] announcing the earnings, they are doing well so we are very excited about it.
Ken Zaslow: Great, I appreciate it, thank you.
Alberto Weisser:  Thank you.
Operator: And we will move to our next question from David Driscoll from Citi.
David Driscoll: Good morning, everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Dave.
David Driscoll: Congratulations on the great results.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
David Driscoll: Alberto, can you give us a little bit more color on your trading operations, really my question here is kind of just like to hear bit more discussion on how you are generating the upside, I think by my calculations this business over the last the two years has seen total profit change in all of agribusiness of just shy of $900 million and then I think that a very substantial portion of its coming from the trading operations, but I am not clear exactly what the genesis of that in the near term here and then, sorry for the long question here, but I am trying to drive do those of us on the outside look at this thing in terms of sustainability?
Alberto Weisser:  I would say that in the last two years or last four quarters almost of the profitability has come from what we call more structural from physical transactions. Now, when you talk about trading I suspect that you are talking about proprietary trading. So, the proprietary trading this is a very small component of our business very, very small.
David Driscoll: Alberto, I can you tell that that’s actually not what I am looking for, I am looking for the fiscal trading business that you guys are in right now and the fact that there has been so much volatility as you described in your comments? That still with lot of upside, so its not the proprietary piece that I am interested in?
Alberto Weisser: Okay, the physical. That amount as you can see from the volume that’s continued increasing and in an environment that we are in with rising prices, volatility, it is very important to be global integrated and lot of good knowledge so the risk component was very important. I would say that obviously in this quarter it has been clearly above normal and it has been exceptional performance. But, as I look forward the environment is positive Dave, I am not so sure exactly if I understood your question.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Dave, I think, as I mentioned all our in response I think to our questions be if you will take the volatile over performance as a individual categories within agribusiness so far this year the relative over-performance is greater in oilseed processing. But, the other categories are outperforming as well. So, if you are trying to get to is oil seed processing performing normally and the other once from a relative standpoint doing much, much better is not bad. Oil seed processing is very biggest relative out performer and they are all outperforming so far this year.
David Driscoll:  Right, that’s very helpful. If I then kind of try to skin the cattle the different direction when I look at first half results for Bunge looks to be about $6.84 excluding the tax benefit. Now if I look at the guidance that implies back half earnings of $4.34. How do you explain the slowdown especially in light of the fact that the third and the fourth quarters historically have been the most profitable?
Alberto Weisser: I don’t see it as a slow down Dave, I am sorry if did I agree. I think that first half has been extremely powerful. We see the second half very strong, obviously last year we had some -- it was also very strong last year when you compare what we expect to do this year, last year vis-à-vis all the past years it continues to be very strong. Now, obviously last year we had also some additional benefits like none of the mark-to-market issues that reversed in the second half that we had losses in the first half. So, there were a couple of things that make it a little bit more comparable, but I see the second half of this year quite strong. Now, obviously it is not as strong as the first, but the first has been exceptional.
David Driscoll: And that’s really the heart of what I am trying to get to. So, Jackie if you said that Agribusiness is really being driven by processing, then I really would not understand why any would expect to see the earnings in the second half a client by $2.50 relative to the first half and in the light of the fact that you should be realizing substantial higher fertilizer prices. So, there is incongruity here that third and fourth quarters have always been your strongest quarter and you go back a long history Alberto Weisser, you said it many times on these conference calls.
Alberto Weisser: But you also have to understand that some of these profits, they also move between quarters. That’s why it’s so difficult to talk about quarters. So, we do anticipate the business, we do for our business and then because of the mark-to-market we have to book the earnings at that time. So, that is why it makes it a little bit more difficult to talk on a quarter or half year basis and I am sure there is some shift from the second half into the first half of the earnings. But you are right, there has been a little bit more of a shift vis-à-vis previous year’s strong first half. But when I look at the second half, if you are seeing is there more upside potential, it’s a little bit more difficult to see now that there is more upside potential than we would see in the beginning of the year because we have much visibility how it will be. Look, second half is above -- at least 2 points above our RONA. So, it is very strong performance.
David Driscoll: Alberto, can you make a comment in light of these earnings in the guidance that you have given for ’08, how we should think about 2009? I know you probably don’t want to give exact numbers here, but again I am trying to get direction right on this, is this something where you think that ’09 can just continue to build on ’08, is that a fair statement?
Alberto Weisser: That is a very tough question and we are not ready to answer that in a detailed way. We are just starting our business plan, so you remember that in Januarys when we talk about ’09, but let me give you a picture of how I see the overall environment starting with fertilizer. I think fertilizer will continue strong, the demand is out there, we see around the world the demand for food, for grains increasing. I would like to remember that we should think that -- see the number that 80% of the global population earns less than $5000 a year. So, what we are seeing is that developing countries, the poor countries are growing, becoming richer, for the first time this year more than half of the GDP is going to come from the developing countries. That has never happened before. So, as these economies shift a little bit away from just grains to meat. This is an additional demand of 4 to 8 times the demand of what they were consuming before. So, there is a strong sustainable demand out there, and this means there is a bigger need for fertilizer. Now, the supply chain or the increase in production in fertilizer takes a little bit longer because they have to open minds and until everything comes up on stream. So, I believe that the environment into next year and the year after is going to continue to be strong in fertilizer. In Agribusiness also, I think it will stay strong, but don’t think about the second quarter, I think it would be much more like it was in the second half and as we are expecting the second half of next year and the second half of this year, so the environments are positive. And also, we have remember we have been investing a lot and many of our projects are coming up in stream, finally we are starting to see -- starting to have our first tests with our plants in Russia and the Spanish plants, around the world we are expanding our operation. So, it’s a little bit early, so I am sorry if I am rambling, but I am optimistic about -- I am relatively optimistic about next year.
David Driscoll: If I could get one more question in on a different topic all together.
Alberto Weisser: Sure Dave.
David Driscoll: I am just getting a tremendous number of questions on the corn product steel. In particular, you know, there is -- Alberto, you certainly watch the stock, you’ve raised guidance $5.50, yet the stock is down $15 from the time when you announced the deal. If we make the presumption that you want to arbitrage on overvalued stock price. I’d just like to hear your thoughts on the idea that Bunge perhaps could have monetized the piece of their fertilizer asset instead of buying corn products, this would have reduced Bunge’s risk to high crop prices, brought cash in the door and highlighted the value of the remaining fertilizer operation, can you just give a little comment on that I mean this is truly just a shareholder value question?
Alberto Weisser:  Look, we have to our role at Bunge is to maximize the net present value of future cash flow. So, we see that this transaction is very strategically very interesting and it will add value to the company and okay, I cannot react to at the moment the prices are very high on federalize this or that. So, these are the kind of things we cannot react but I have to all the time think about how do I maximize the net present value to little five pieces of the portfolio that might be an interesting decision but this does not maximize the net present value of future cash flow of the existing shareholders.
David Driscoll:  Thanks for all the comment.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator:  We will move on to our next question Vincent Andrews from Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews:  Hi, good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, Vincent.
Vincent Andrews: I have bunch left over questions to you maybe Jacqualyn I’ll just start with you and you can just help us understand, what you are actually doing internally to improve the working capital dynamics?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  I have got a very nice sort of finance structure or system put into place now, where the commercial and finance people work very closely together to analog the business that we’re doing the profitability on that business, the amount of capital has to be committed to it for how long and we’re just doing more robust analysis that we have in the past and the team has come together very nicely when you get that analysis right and people then come and see, how rich pieces of business are contributing them also obviously start to focus on dollars more. So, we have trend off bits of business but at the margin we are not that interesting and we have been able to redeploy the capital elsewhere or keep it for drop orders so to speak. Then you got, so that’s one aspect of it just with respect to the business that we are doing including the split between spot business and farmer business and then we have done obviously each one of the processing facilities where people are very focused on managing inventories tightly as I can both in agribusiness and in food products particularly. So that’s basically what we are doing and its becoming part of our DNA I would say. People are very focused on it. Pricing the business appropriately, if we are taken on more risks and the farmers taking almost trying to help our price, price more appropriately, price the higher capital commitment and the length of the capital commitment.
Vincent Andrews:  What in that kind of got into my next question. What in kind of agribusiness valuation to some where is the leverage that’s allowing you to as you put more capital into the business get a commensurate return on that, I mean where is that leverage coming from?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, I would say one of the things that’s helping is the certainly the major players in the industry all kind of doing the same thing. So, you have seen comments about this in the public domain from a lot of competition you will this at certain behaving more or less the same way with respect to our appetite for forward business and help more out, we will go with it and things like that. So, when you have that degree of rationality being seen in the marketplace and that helps. But, it's also the case because we have got the industrial asset base, because we have got the ability to be efficient with the logistics and everything that we do, we just can look at the whole value chain and leverage all of that.
Alberto Weisser: I would add Vincent that in moments like this obviously the farmers would like to much more fuller business that they usually would do and its really difficult to tell them, no, because we have this limitation of working capital so there is a real pressure there at the same time you have to own the additional remuneration for, we are using not only working capital -- debt for the working capital in environment like this you also have to use equity. So, we are also using lot of equity. So, the returns have to be higher in these tremendous escalation of prices and volatility.
Vincent Andrews:  Okay. And then, just to shift gears a little bit, I mean, Alberto there is a lot of talk about expansion of acreage in Brazil how that will affect the fertilizer industry business and so forth. But, to certain extent don’t assume you are focusing a little more on application rates on existing acreage as well in other words, isn’t Brazilian soil and fertilizer are huge incentive from a price perspective now for the Brazilian farmer just to be using more on its current acreage, is that reason what you thinking about?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. In fact, you’re right and I do the same mistake, I’ll talk about acreages expansion and we are working very close with local agencies, government agencies, research institutes and different organizations is to convert pasture to agriculture in fact, doing it even combined pasture to end agriculture in the same area so this is probably more where the expansion is happening and we are incentivising that is obviously also very interesting you don’t have to open new land which is always more expensive and you are right. So, one we should think about more about the conversion of pasture, second one about application rate. The application rate is going up as the commodity prices are good, farmers are using more fertilizer but we should not forget the ’05, ’06 crisis is still in the abeyance and not everybody is completely out of the Woodstock so some of the farmers are still struggling and they still debt. So, it takes more time, its takes more time and to be honest I prefer that it takes more time because its there from more solid.
Vincent Andrews:  I guess my point, what I want to say was just so, when we think about breakeven, the breakeven price of $12.50 is for existing acreage, I mean for new acreage, but around $12.50 or below the farmer would probably still be out to put more fertilizer on its existing land simply because there is leverage to the yield response curve, is that correct?
Alberto Weisser: Absolutely and I think its where the industry is limiting because of credit concerns but we are limiting how much we are selling so probably if there was imitation on funding the farmers would be buying more.
Vincent Andrews:  Okay. And seeing the funding, I mean the Brazilian government I think has announced over the last month or so that they are going to get more involved in funding of the farmer can you just kind of quantify or somehow qualify the impact that will have on the industry in general and perhaps on your credit?
Alberto Weisser: The government is probably, they announced that they will do more but this probably covers mostly only the increase in prices, the very positive development that we have see here has been more and more banks are getting involved. In the past until one, two years ago one third of the funding to the farmers in Brazil was done by the government, one third by banks and one third by the agribusiness companies like us among Santo Caterpillar and so on and what we are seeing is that the banks are stepping in, not only domestic banks but a couple of foreign banks and so we don’t need to expand in fact our needs to funds really has in fact in relative terms diminished a little bit. So, we are happy about this, we continue serving the farmers as we continue working with the banks so we continue earning our fees and I think this combination working directly with the banks is a positive new development, but it is shifted more to the banks at the moment.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  You shouldn’t expect this to make a dramatic shift from one day to the next, but we are seeing that and we expect that to continue over time. So, you should see that reflected in our details that you found in the queue with respect to the amount outstanding for the farmer credits.
Vincent Andrews:  Okay, and may be I will just take a last crack at the guidance, we were not terribly surprised to see you come out with these numbers given some analysis that we have done better typically these guidance increases come on caveat that by way you are telling to be conservative and what you are worried about is a little bit to the back half of the year, so could you just remind us what those might be with this new set of guidance?
Alberto Weisser: As we come deeper into the year I think you will become more - you will have more visibility and the level of confidence grows and I have 15 years in the industry and things go up and down. So you have to give a realistic view and this one was an exceptional look. I don’t think we can repeat often quarters like this. So, I would say if I’ve been accused of being conservative but overall we had been more right than wrong in terms of where we have been come out and I would consider that we are deeper in the year. We know more about it. So, we are sharpening our pencil.
Vincent Andrews:  Okay. And then if we did kind of look a little bit beyond the year my listing at 12 month from a fertilizer perspective supply and demand of this nutrients is going to remain tight and if we have seen commodity prices remain about where we are, that sort implies that that piece of the business is sustainable and contentionally even get better. We have just seen the price go to 400 to 500 bucks a ton in the last month and what if -- so I think about agribusiness then, you have to think about the crush margins which continue to get better so, why are they continuing to get better. I know its demand driven but what -- can you tell us more than just its demand orientation I mean what in the chain is causing a leverage to get the margins wider that might be similar to the question we have talked about in logistics piece and then also how do you see the edible oil business recovering or is just that going to be a collateral consequence of better results in agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser:
 :
Vincent Andrews: Okay. And then lastly and then I will pass along, what you consider your cost of capital to be these days?
Alberto Weisser: It’s around 8% if I’m not mistaken so, that Jacky, its around 8% here.
Vincent Andrews: Okay, thank you so much guys.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you.
Operator: And we move on to our next question Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler: I am sorry if I missed it but just a quick question on your current -- your new guidance. Does that excludes the extraordinary item in the second quarter correct?
Jacqualyn Fouse: No its included.
Diane Geissler: Okay. So if we were to strip out the I guess its about $0.75 the pro forma number would be 10.90 to 11 help me out here 15 something on that?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Its $0.72 so.
Diane Geissler: Okay. It would be below the 11.60 to 11.90.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Right.
Diane Geissler: Okay. And then the other question I had really was on the just a commentary about you are happy with where current soybean prices are and even if they moved down a little that would be beneficial from cash from a cash real perspective but then when I Jackie you made a comment about oilseeds and trading and that whole side of the business which seems to do very well when crop prices are high. I guess, and you know between the two which you rather have lower prices and positive cash flow or higher prices and the benefits to earnings from higher prices or where do you draw the optimal position I guess in terms of what crop prices are.
Alberto Weisser: Let me answer that because Jackie clearly prefers cash flows so, but joke aside, but what I think we do like to see, in fact the prices have to be high enough that the farmers are happy so that they buy fertilizers. So, that’s why we talk so much about the breakeven in the expansion of (inaudible). Now, overall what you have to think is that we are in the middle we are -- so when prices are very high we don’t benefit, it’s the farmer who benefits. When the prices are very low, it’s the consumer who benefits. So we are in the middle and we make a margin and a very good example is in 2004 when the prices came down very fast and we had a very good year. So, it is not that we make money because prices are going up. So, obviously I think we have the skill to sail through well the team is very good at sailing through very volatile markets and it is but overall we don’t depend on the level of the prices. We don’t correlate with that. So the only thing is caveat is the farmers need to make enough money so that they buy the fertilizer.
Diane Geissler: Yes but presumably if we look at 2008.and we look at the benefits fertilizers had from sort of soybeans prices have sort of skyrocketed and demand for fertilizers expansion of acreage etcetera you definitely benefited. I mean if I look between 2008 and 2004 I’d much rather have 2008 but $11 in earnings than $4.20 so I guess?
Alberto Weisser: You are right in terms of fertilizer but I understood your question in terms of agribusiness, food and agribusiness which represents 60% of our business. In fertilizer you are right, high prices benefit; high prices do benefit the fertilizer sector.
Diane Geissler: Okay so when we think about it in aggregate and the whole Bunge consolidated. Where would we draw that optimal line between having prices be low enough, that we can stimulate demand versus prices that are high enough where we get incremental acreage and trading opportunities because the market is volatile?
Alberto Weisser: The sweet point is high enough so that the farmers are happy but not high too high that the customers continue increasing the demand. So, I have a feeling that where we are at the moment is probably healthier than where we were. A long term healthier than where we were in the first half. Because you also have to remember there is tremendous pressure on funding we had to expand our working capital by 4 or 5 billion dollars over the years. This is a tremendous pressure on the whole system.
Diane Geissler: Ok. All right. Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser: Thank you, Diane.
Operator: And we have more time for one more question. Our next question would be a follow up from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow: Just very quickly Alberto, you said many times that you think returns have to be higher in this type of environment because you are cost of carry is so much higher. Can you take a shot at trying to estimate processing margins, how much higher do you think they should be and then also origination margins, logistics margins, order magnitude you think you need to be 10% higher, 15% higher?
Alberto Weisser: We have doing like this but by the way Jacky was explaining we look together between finance and the promotional team because it becomes limited the amount of funding we make available usually could give much, much (inaudible) but we have to find a way for them so much you could if you reserve how much we want to, how much risk you want to take so naturally what happens is if you are remit there is pressure on the margins to expand so we have not quantified this, we have not done, this is much more than direct. Jackie?
Jacqualyn Fouse: We are in the apple that we are trying to do those so the price will be taken consideration, the amount of capital that has to be committed and how that can vary pricing effect that we hedge and if the pricing will move the additional capital you have commit because of margin calls on the hedge, I mean for how long that capital is committed. So, we have done a better job of including considerations for those couple of things on the floor of business I would say.
Robert Moskow: And since you operate in a very consolidated market it seems like your competitors are doing the same thing so perhaps everyone is requiring a higher margin in order to do business, so maybe I can...
Jacqualyn Fouse: Economic rationale, you shouldn't be doing that.
Alberto Weisser: We have seen a couple of players went too far and I have seen the trouble select that [Vencor] had, so you know it is very, very tough decision to limit it for the business and when you re-look at the business you will be seeing it in last year but the farmers want to be more than normal and that is so difficult to solve.
Robert Moskow: Thank you very much.
Operator:  That concludes the question and answer session. At this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Mark Haden, please go ahead.
Mark Haden: Great, thank you Steve. And thank you everyone for joining us this morning.
Operator:  And this does concludes this morning conference and thank you for participation. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Mark Haden - Investor Relations Alberto Weisser - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Jacqualyn Fouse - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch David Driscoll - Citi Investments Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse
Operator:  Welcome to the Bunge Limited first quarter conference call. (Operator Instructions) At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I'd like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. 
Mark Haden:  Welcome to Bunge Limited's first quarter 2008 earnings conference call. Before we get started I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany the discussion of the first quarter financial results. It can be found in the Investor Relations information section of our website, www.Bunge.com under Investor Presentations. With me today to discuss our results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge's Chairman and CEO, and Jackie Fouse, Bunge's Chief Financial Officer.  Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section.  Before we proceed, I would like to read the safe harbor statement. This call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about future financial and operating results.  These statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The pertinent risk factors can be found in our SEC-filed reports.  And now let me turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser:  The first quarter Bunge capitalized on strong global market conditions and generated outstanding results. It is a unique time in the global agribusiness and food industry. High commodity and fertilizer prices reflect the fact that global demand for key commodities and products is very strong. For example, the USDA estimates world demand for soybean meal will rise nearly 6% this year.  High crop prices, which should continue in the near term, and the large local harvest are helping to improve the profitability of Brazilian farmers. A volatile, high-priced environment presents some challenges, however. It creates demands on working capital and leads to inflationary pressures that can influence national policy decisions. And though farmers are generally benefiting from higher crop prices, their profitability depends on the relationship between these prices and those of agriculture inputs such as fertilizer, which are rising.  In this environment, effective risk management and a global business that mitigates exposure to any one region while providing the ability to navigate market dislocations are essential. So, too, is efficient management of working capital. Bunge possesses these strengths, and we will build upon them through continued strategic capital investments while managing our businesses according to the demands of today's markets.  Now I'd like to turn over the call to Jackie, who will take you through the first quarter results and outlook.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  As Mark mentioned, I'll just remind you that there are slides on the webcast to accompany my comments. Looking at the high level line items and key line items of the income statement for the first quarter of 2008 we see that Bunge Group volumes were up about 7% and all of our segments produced strong volume and profit growth. We'll talk about the segment results in just a minute. Profits were significantly higher than last year, though we should keep in mind that last year's Q1 was affected by the marktomarket loss we had then.  Margins in all segments are quite good. Again, we'll talk about those more in a moment. The fundamentals that we saw in the last half of 2007 are carrying through in the first half of this year.  With respect to SG&A, the quarter was somewhat impacted negatively by currency as a result of the stronger real, and in addition we took an approximately $30 million provision for receivable in Paraguay as a result of a recent court ruling in the collection process we are pursuing. Without those items, our SG&A growth would have been much more modest than the increase you see in the tables accompanying the press release. You may also have noticed that we have moved to an EBIT presentation for our segment results. We've done this for a few reasons. We think that it increases visibility to minority interests and to equity and earnings of affiliates, so we think we're giving more transparency to the numbers. We will continue to give the details by segment of interest expense and income so that you can look at the numbers before or after interest. And given that we've had an increasing proportion of equity in our financing mix, we think that the operating profit comparisons may have been becoming less meaningful so we moved to the EBIT presentation. Turning to the segment results, Agribusiness volumes grew by 6%. Gross margins are up versus the same quarter of last year and are about in line with where they were in the fourth quarter of last year. Gross margins were higher across all geographies and we had strong distribution results. All in all, the structural margins in the Agribusiness were very solid. With respect to the Fertilizer segment, margins for the quarter were better than we expected, driven by higher international prices which more than offset higher input costs. Volumes were also good. These were driven by accelerated purchases by soybean farmers, and our retail segment was up about 28% with a slight increase in market share, but this was somewhat offset by lower volumes in Fosfertil. Given what we are seeing so far, we expect a higher proportion of profit in the Fertilizer segment to take place in the first half of the year versus prior years.  Look at Food Products; we see the recovery that we expected this year versus 2007. We're seeing the benefits in profits of price increases that we took in the fourth quarter of 2007, and we continue to proactively manage price, though there are some constraints in that regard. Looking at some high level line items of the balance sheet, operating working capital grew in the quarter. It was higher versus a year ago, mostly driven by higher commodity prices. It was somewhat higher than 12/31/07 driven by higher inventories in part. Those are readily marketable inventories. It also reflects somewhat higher fertilizer inventories in the first quarter of this year and higher wheat inventories in our milling business. We continued to focus on working capital efficiency and saw the trailing 12-month cash cycle days down 4 days versus a year ago and stable versus the end of the year 2007. We continue to grow debt slower than working capital and produce solid growth in shareholders equity.  Slide 6, if you're following the webcast, just shows the past few years since the company went public in terms of the evolution of some key line items of the balance sheet. Our balance sheet remains stable and is getting stronger as we manage the growth of our business, and we're also managing liquidity well, particularly in this volatile environment. We closed on two new syndicated bank facilities during the quarter for a total of $900 million, and we continue to focus on working capital and being careful with respect to the forward business that we do, like others in the industry. A summary of the cash flow is shown on Slide 7, again if you're following that. We saw significant growth in funds from operations, which was driven by higher net income. Despite this, cash flow from operations after working capital changes was negative in the quarter, which is not unusual for Q1 given some seasonality in our inventory patterns and given the working capital increase I've already mentioned. Nevertheless, we continue to improve our profitability. Our credit metrics have improved, and our liquidity situation is quite good.  With respect to the outlook, as Alberto mentioned in his opening comments, market fundamentals remain very solid. We see good demand for protein meal and oil, so the demand side of the equation is good. So far it looks like, on the supply side of the equation, that the South American harvest should be a record harvest and the Northern Hemisphere situation seems to be developing well, though we don't have a lot of visibility into that yet as it's still early in the year.  We think that fertilizer demand should remain strong, and we continue to forecast 5% to 7% overall volume growth for the year for our business. And as we already mentioned, Food Products is showing recovery versus where it was in 2007. It looks like it will come in in line with our expectations for the full year. There are a number of challenges out there. Both a stronger real and higher farm input costs are putting pressure on farmer economics in Brazil, so we watch that very carefully. Higher input costs are also or could also pressure margins in our Fertilizer and Edible Oils businesses. We did not see that in Q1, but we are very cautious about that as we work our way through the rest of the year. And we could see government policy changes that could disrupt the trade [fault] flows, and we've seen some activities in that regard at the beginning of the year.  So in line with that outlook and the results for Q1, we've revised our full year guidance. The new net income range is $980 million to $1.02 billion. In EPS terms on a fully diluted basis, that is $7.10 to $7.40 per share, and we're assuming a weighted average of 138 million shares outstanding.  We're confirming our effective tax rate guidance in the range of 24% to 28%. It was on the higher end of the range in Q1 due to the mix of earnings in the various jurisdictions, so we expect it to be in the range for the full year. So with that, I will open it up to Q&A. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) And we'll take our first question from Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: I'd like to ask you about your commentary on the volume declines that you saw in the Nutrient business, the Fosfertil piece. Obviously retail up very strongly, could you elaborate on that a little bit?
Alberto Weisser: We would characterize that more as a seasonal situation. The blenders, the mixing companies, have increased their inventory, so this is just a momentaneous situation. We believe that the volumes of Fosfertil and the rest of Nutrients will be in line of what we're expecting, 5% to 7% growth.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: And then on your commentary that you saw some early farmer purchases - certainly this would be really early for fall usage - could you give us an idea about how you expect that, then, to trend out sort of second quarter, third quarter, and fourth quarter? We saw a little bit of this last year. I'm just trying to get a feeling for how you think the remainder of the year will trend.
Alberto Weisser: Yes. It was very early. The farmers took advantage of very high commodity prices in the middle of the quarter, and they expected the fertilizer prices to increase so they moved early. So it was a significant amount. And so we expect that the second half of the year would be a little bit lower than average. So there's a little bit more shift in the first half than the second half.  Overall it is a little bit difficult to estimate exactly where it will be. It's early in the year. But that is why we're expecting volume growth for the whole year of 5% to 7%, and that's the way we - you could calculate how much would be in the first half and how much would be in the second half.  But overall, the performance of Fertilizer should be higher than we expected originally.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: That brings up the question about, then, your new expectations for earnings this year. This is obviously sort of a massive beat here versus what the street has been looking for and yet the guidance up - I guess around $1.00 per share on an EPS basis, is that just - I'm sure people will say oh, they're just being conservative, but is that I guess what I'm trying to say is is that factoring in sort of a slowing Fertilizer, is it factoring in Agribusiness was very strong last year and you're already kind of factoring in a big uptick there? I guess if you could talk about kind of why the guidance wouldn't be higher given just the magnitude of the earnings in this quarter.
Alberto Weisser: I think first of all we are very happy about the results. They were higher than we expected, and I think you could see it - let's go through the three different segments. Food Products performed as we expected. We were finally able to increase the prices to catch up with the increase in the input costs, so that is positive but it is in line with what we expected. Fertilizer has been a little bit higher than we expected, but also there is more anticipation for the soybean farmers on phosphate bean products. That's why also you see a higher margin. Now we expect overall the Fertilizer business to be better than we originally thought based on the farm economics, but some of them show a higher increase in the first quarter. So you have to allocate that when you think about it on a yearly basis, allocating it more through the year.  Now Agribusiness was much better than we thought, and it reflects the situation that in this environment we are in, with high volatility, high demands on working capital, you do need to have a large global network, a footprint of assets, of teams, where we can move around the world the products. So we have an advantage in this type of difficult situation when you are a larger company. So the margins have been stronger than we expected and so the volumes have been better than we expected, so now when we look at the rest of the year we have to be a little bit careful. Prices are very high, and we do include in our guidance some worries. We don't know yet how the Northern Hemisphere harvest will be. We don't know how the South American harvest will be. So it's very early in the year. But overall I would say that we are optimistic about the year.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  And then, if I might, just one question on the cash flow. The foreign exchange gain on debt in the quarter was fairly large and yet the P&L impact kind of below the line $7 million. If you could just help me understand the dynamics there, Jackie, on the differential?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well it comes mainly from the stronger real and from the stronger Euro as well.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Okay, so I guess what I'm saying is that do you net the difference into COGS, then, because you're backing it out on the cash flow, or if you could just walk me through how that works?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yes, substantially, yes.
Alberto Weisser: Are you talking about the $160 million?
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch: Yes, the FX gain on debt.
Alberto Weisser: Yes, they do not go through the P&L because they offset each other in different parts of the P&L.
Operator: We'll take our next question from David Driscoll - Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: Just to make sure I understood what you just said to Diane, the beat in the quarter relative to your internal forecast was predominantly due to Agribusiness, number one, and then Fertilizer, number two. Is that a correct characterization, Alberto?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that's correct. And on Fertilizer mix, half of it is being anticipation and half of it better business environment, volume and margins.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: Okay, on the Fertilizer side, the margin per ton on that business was an all-time record according to my dataset and something almost nearly double what we saw last quarter, not quite but close. This feels extraordinary to me. Can you break down the difference here between the retail piece and the wholesale piece of the Fertilizer business? What's driving these amazing results in the quarter? And then as you go forward, can you maintain at this kind of gross profit per ton number or does it come down for some factors?
Alberto Weisser: In the case of Fertilizer, first of all we - very, very seldom we sell the phosphate-based products at this time of the year. Most of the farmers start planting end of June, mostly in July, so it is very early buying. So that is why the comparison to previous quarters is complicated because you have the much higher margins per ton because of the SSP and all the other kind of products we sell to the soybean farmers. Now the margins were also a little bit above normal on the retail side.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: So I don't know that I followed 100%. You're saying that in the quarter, this quarter does not see the major sales of phosphate products like you would in future quarters, thus this is not the quarter where - the wholesale operations have the smallest impact here, retail is the bigger impact. Is that it?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. Yes, you're right. Normally this time of the year we sell to the corn farmers for the winter corn crop, for the sugar cane, for coffee, where you have much more nitrogen inputs and pottage where we - basically, in the retail business, we import most of the inputs and we don't use our own nutrients, our own raw materials. That's why normally in this time of the year the margins are lower. You might remember that in the past we normally see that one-third of the business is done in the first half, twothirds in the second, and on the earnings side you might even have a stronger skew towards the second half. But last year it has been different and this year has also been different. The farmer took early decision to buy early for the summer plantings.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: So then given the fact that sulfur prices are up so much - and I think that really begins to impact your wholesale business; it should really hit in the second quarter and beyond - would you expect, then, the margins overall within this Fertilizer business to be somewhat less than where they were in this quarter? Still very good, but not quite as strong as Q1?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, that's correct. We expect that at the end of the second quarter we will start seeing some of the changes in the new prices of input, especially sulfur, start to reflect our business, but in the second half there will be more of that. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investments: Alberto, big picture you've argued for a long time that Brazil itself has all of the attributes necessary to see fairly substantial agricultural production increases. Is it your opinion right now that we would see a very substantial increase in acreage in production for next season, the season that would plant in October and November? Is this really the answer to the global problems? It seems that a day does not go by where we don't read in the newspaper the food versus food problem and the major concerns that this is generating with the major world organizations that deal with the poor and the hungry.
Alberto Weisser: I expect that Brazil will contribute significantly, but it will take a little bit more time. We have to remember that the area for expansion is in the grassland area. It's Mato Grosso. It is also some of the conversion of pasture to agricultural. And this is not exactly very close to the coast, so the biggest problem for the farmers is the petroleum prices, it's transportation. A lot of that has to be transported by trucks so the railways and waterways are increasing their market share, but it's taking a little bit longer than we hoped. So I would expect the agriculture land to grow on a more normal basis, which is probably only at a 5% per annum. So we expect that we will continue seeing higher commodity prices through this year and probably next year because the breakeven or the profitability at the farmers closer to the coast is very good, but the ones that the market needs, which are more the new land which is in the pasture conversion and the grassland, it's further away. So the breakeven calculation that we regularly give you is some place around $11.50 per bushel for the soybean. So as long as the soybean is higher than that, the farmers will continue expanding. But obviously it is a very high level. There's a lot of consumption of working capital, so the farmer goes slowly about it. It will not have a massive expansion.
Operator: Our next question will come from Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Just to follow up on the Fertilizers front, first of all the increasing guidance of $150 million for the year, would you say, Alberto, that increase is mostly coming from Fertilizers?
Alberto Weisser: No, I would say I think it is half and half, if I would split it. We didn't do it exactly like that, but we increased it in Agribusiness and we increased it in Fertilizer. It's probably not exactly half and half. Please remember that on the first quarter there was an anticipation of sales that we will not see in the next three quarters, which is the sales to the soybean farmers, so the guidance increase is divided between Agribusiness and Fertilizer. Both are doing well. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Right. But I don't want to do it on the volume number, but at the end of the day your guidance for the year is 5% to 7%. You're up 9% in the first quarter. Okay, the second half will be slighter [inaudible] 5% to 7%, but it doesn't seem like a huge delta. I mean, you're still giving your guidance of 5% to 7% for the full year, right?
Alberto Weisser: Yes, but you also have to see we are going to have lower margins because of higher sulfur prices. Petroleum is higher. So there's going to be a squeeze in the margins.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And I want to follow up on that, then, Alberto. When I look at [MAP] prices, around $1,100, $1,200 they were about $400 six, seven months ago - then I estimate sulfur is about $400, but that's about 40% a year MAP cost. And it would seem to me that the increase in MAP, if prices stay where they are right now, it would more than offset the increase in sulfur in the second half. And you just said before to a prior question that the phosphate fertilizer's MAP are stronger in the second half and they have higher margins.  So I'm still trying to reconcile the idea that margins would be lower. You have more phosphate in the second half; you have a huge increase in MAP, which, in my view, is more than offsetting the increase in sulfur. And so I'm doing the math on your 2 million metric tons of phosphate rock, and it would seem that you have quite a bit of delta on fertilizers in the second half. Can you help me understand that?
Alberto Weisser: Yes. We have to be careful that - there is a limit to how much the prices can go up, and sooner or later there is a risk that the farmers use less technology. And the petroleum where it is, just think about all the logistics costs. So there comes a point where the farmer cannot take any more the global price increases. So there is a risk that either we cannot pass on all the prices that we have therefore have a little bit lower margins, we have to think about that, and secondly that there will be some drop in one or the other areas in demand. Now other crops are very good. We always talk about the four big ones - which is soybean, is corn, is sugar cane and coffee - but there are also ones like pasture and vegetables and so on. So we do see a volume increase, but we don't know exactly how the mix will play out. So we have to be prudent here when we look into the second half.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: Thank you. And then just to follow up on the Agribusiness side, obviously you're a global company, but you have more exposure to Brazil in relative terms to other companies and the harvest obviously takes place in the March quarter. You would think that there's more commercialized volume being done in the March quarter, but your volumes in the March quarter are lower in Agribusiness than in the September and December quarter. Why would that be the case? And related to that, when I calculate your EBIT per metric ton in Agribusiness, that number in the March quarter was lower than in September and December. And again, based on market conditions, inflation, larger crops in general, I would have expected those earnings per metric ton to be higher in the March quarter than what you saw in the second half of '07.
Alberto Weisser: I'm not so sure if I am able to follow exactly your thought. What we see is that the - 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: I guess if I can clarify, Alberto, I'm just trying to understand, a lot of the volume - obviously volumes get commercialized throughout the year but I thought that in the Agribusiness side, on the [inaudible] piece, not the [crashing] side, that you would be commercializing a lot more volume in the March quarter given that that's the time when we're receiving harvest than you would in the second half of - in the third or fourth quarter last year. I'm trying to understand why would that be the case.
Alberto Weisser: The volume we see as very positive because the demand is good. To be honest, Pablo, I don't see a significant difference between previous years. The one difference is that the demand is strong. In vegetable oils, the demand is strong. In meal demand, the meal was strong, corn was strong. And one of the - a big explanation is that especially some smaller and poorer countries over the past years have increased their income and have shifted away from just consuming cereals to consuming more meat. That is why we see an increase in the demand a little bit above what we have seen in the past. So oil is above average, meal is above average, and corn is above average. This is much more related to the population, to the consumption around the world. From our point of view, we don't see any significant change. Am I getting this right?
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: No, that's fine. And just to follow up on the EBIT per metric ton, the number in the March quarter was lower than in the second half of '07, and I'm trying to understand does that mean that crashing margins were lower? How do we explain that?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Did you look at it versus the last six months?
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: No, this is the number in the third quarter and the fourth quarter. The third quarter and the fourth quarter were about 11 to 12. In the first quarter, in the March quarter, that was about 9. I'm just trying to understand why the number would be lower, but we can follow up offline.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Yes, because when I looked at it it looked to me like they were consistent the way that we look at it. So maybe we should look at the details of your calculation.
Alberto Weisser: Let me say overall normally this time of the year is where the margins come down in the Northern Hemisphere, in the first quarter. U.S. starts winding down, and South America is not completely up there. Normally, the first quarter of the year is a quite low quarter in terms of Agribusiness. This year the volumes are up, as I said before, but also the margins are very solid around the world, so it is a little bit unusual this part of the year. So I would characterize this as very, very positive, the way it is going. 
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: On the CapEx front, I think the number for the quarter was $148 million. The guidance, I think it's north of $1 billion for the year. Have you had to cut back CapEx because of credit market conditions or should we see more CapEx later in the year?
Jacqualyn Fouse: No, we have not cut back at all. In fact, you see that number being driven upward because we are moving ahead with a number of major projects that we've got. Then we've got the sugar business being incremental this year versus last year. So those plans are going along according to our expectations, and we're maintaining the $1 to $1.1 billion of guidance for CapEx spend for this year.
Pablo Zuanic - J.P. Morgan: And one last one now to do with the debt gain. But if you have debt in Euros or Portuguese real, when you converted that to dollars that would be a loss so I'm trying to understand - I mean, given that the dollar is weaker so why would there be a debt gain? 
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, we've got gains in some instances on the inventory positions and so the debt - whichever direction it goes, those two things will offset each other. But they're in different line items of the P&L and they show up in different ways in the cash flow. But we can walk you through that as well. 
Operator: And our next question will come from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  I'm having a little trouble, I guess, reconciling some of the comments from your peers on the outlook for pricing, specifically in Brazil, and volumes. One of your competitors comes out this morning with increases in volumes of 35% to Brazil and goes on to say that pricing is sticking in that market. I'm a little bit surprised with your, I guess, your conservative outlook given some of the price increases we've seen, specifically in phosphate, in recent weeks. 
Alberto Weisser: If we would, Christine, if we would extrapolate where we are today, I think that view is fine. The only thing is we have to look at what is going to happen as we approach the big crop. So just think about how close we are where the farmer has to decide if he will expand or not. So in order to increase 30% year-over-year, there has to be a massive expansion. And the farmers are still not completely out of their debt situation, and opening new land is not cheap. So if the breakeven is around 11, 11.50 and the soybean prices are at where they are at the moment, not every farmer is going to grow to reflect an increase in 30plus percent. In addition, there is all the working capital issue. Somebody has to fund them. The government is limited on it. We are being careful on it, and the banks are being careful on it. So I'm not so sure that we can say it now, in April, how it will be. At the next call we are going to have - at the end of July we will have much more visibility.  But remember I think we have been more realistic in the last two years, and I think we have been - in terms of volumes, we have been closer to a more prudent view. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Just, then, on Argentina, you haven't talked about the impact of the strike there. Clearly, it didn't show up as a major drag on earnings in the quarter, but the situation seems to be a bit unresolved at the moment. Can you provide any color on that?
Alberto Weisser: At the moment the farmers are selling, we are buying; we are shipping, so the flow is normal at the moment. And we were relatively well positioned for the strike. I think it was early in the crop year, so we didn't have so much commitment. So we had enough inventory to serve our customers, and that gave us time to readjust worldwide to cover our customers from different parts of the world, from Europe and from North America as well, and from soybeans from Brazil to Europe. So we were able to adjust ourselves, and we didn't have a significant hit. Now if we would have another strike, obviously this would affect. But we are preparing ourselves for that to serve our customers. 
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  And then just in terms of the U.S., you're looking at a double-digit increase in the crop, potentially. Is it, from your perspective and given your global operations, is it actually better to have a big U.S. crop or something more balanced?
Alberto Weisser: I think we really would like to have a big crop. The stocks are very low. I think it is very important that we have a significant increase. We would really like to have a significant increase in the crop.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: As we all would.
Alberto Weisser: Yes.
Operator: And our next question will come from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Maybe I'll just follow up on that Argentina issue. You know, it's easy to think about how a strike in Argentina can hurt you, but maybe you can talk about how it might help other parts of your business or other geographies.
Alberto Weisser: It really helped our business in Europe and North America because we had very fast to shift the business from Argentina to the U.S. and also to Europe. So because of the - some of them had to declare force majeure and had no access to products, and we were prepared so we were able to serve customers around the world from different sources. I think that was the main reason. And then when you have a situation like this, obviously normally the margins are a little big higher.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: So would you classify the event as neutral to your P&L overall or modestly positive or modestly negative?
Alberto Weisser: I would consider it neutral.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And what about - there's been some chatter about the farmers in Brazil. Obviously they have contracts with different grain originators, and some of them might have sold forward at 8, 9 - I don't know, pick your soybean price and obviously soybean prices are higher now. What should we make of all this chatter that farmers are going to break contracts with yourself and with your competitors to sell to you or one of your competitors? 
Alberto Weisser: As you can imagine, this is a concern we have all the time. When prices go up - also go down - we always have a concern on this, and this is part of our business. It's part of our expertise of the whole industry, so we are very, very careful about it. And it can happen and we price it in. It does happen, basically, every year - sometimes more, sometimes less - and we price it in.  But I think what you also have to remember, there are a lot of mitigating factors. One of them is that if somebody defaults on us, somebody else has to buy it. So this new food processor who would be buying it, next year around, when somebody will have to finance them, they will be very careful with this specific farmer because they know that this farmer defaulted. So the farmers are very worried about it even themselves because they know they will have a more difficult time to have access to funding the next crop around. In addition, we have - normally the advances to farmers are very rigid contracts. We have access to their assets. Also often they are linked to contracts with sales of fertilizer. And the farmers know and we explain them very closely and very carefully every time we don't benefit from these situations. The moment we buy the crops we resell them, either to customers or we hedge them, so we have no benefit on that and the farmers know it because they see it all the time. So it is very human and very natural that they will try, but we're on top of it.  Now, is it going to happen? Yes, but it's priced in.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And then just on, Alberto, you talked a little earlier about in Agribusiness - or, in particular, towards the Ag services - how your global footprint and your vertical integration is an asset here. And presumably, I mean, everybody has working capital issues, but I would imagine some of your competitors, particularly the smaller ones, probably have larger working capital concerns than you do. Can you kind of address or give some examples of how your - are you taking market share from the smaller players, I guess is my real question. 
Alberto Weisser: I think we are. We have taken market share, but I think it is more marginal. It is more a question that the margins expand because everybody gets more nervous in the market and is prepared to pay a little bit more to have the safety of a supply. So they know that from us, from the large players, they will have the certainty of the supply. So for that we need to charge more because we have to access the markets and not always - the debt market - in not always the best environments. So I think we do see some marginal market share expansion, but what we really see more is the margins expand. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And just to follow up a little bit on that, there's been some news reports that companies such as yourself are no longer kind of putting through forward selling contracts for farmers because of the increase in the marks that have taken place as the commodity prices have gone up from a futures contract perspective. Is that correct and how's that impacting your business?
Alberto Weisser: It is correct, and I think it is quite normal. But with these very high commodity prices, farmers would like to lock in prices not only for this year but for next year and for the years after. But this is very expensive. If we buy them, we obviously would have to hedge them, and if they go up, there are margin calls. We have to carry them. So all of this is very expensive.  So there is pressure from farmers to do more forward than usual and we are not doing that, and the whole industry is not doing this because, as you can see from our balance sheet, our inventories are already quite high. The prices have more than doubled over the last 18 months. So there is no space in the industry to do these kind of transactions. The farmers cannot do it on their own. We have certain limitations; the banks have limitations.  But it is a very natural situation where the farmers would like to take advantage of the high prices of the coming years. Nobody knows if the commodity prices will stay high. 
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: But it doesn’t have an effect, in other words, you still have - how does it affect your relationship with farmers if you're not entering into those forward contracts? Is there any effect?
Alberto Weisser: They are not extremely happy. They would like to make the transaction, but we are very, very candid and very direct and we show it, that we have limitations, how far we can go. So I think they understand it generally.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: And Jackie, if you could just walk us through, there have been some - you said earlier that from a liquidity perspective you feel very comfortable. Could you just help us understand what happens if soybeans go to $20 or something like that. How do you see your balance sheet playing out?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Well, when we plan for our liquidity needs we run scenarios to stress test our models to see what the impact would be if we saw that kind of situation. So based on that modeling and the mix of business that we're doing today and given the new financing that we've raised, we think that we're well positioned to deal with that. We also have choices with respect to the operations - to do business somewhat differently, or stop buying and pull inventories down and things like that if we would need to move to that sort of a measure in an extreme situation - but without going that far, we think that we are well placed today to handle the liquidity needs as we see them.
Operator: And our next question will come from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: There's a growing view that you need to see high soybean prices to grow your earnings. Can you help me understand what is the ideal soybean environment for you?
Alberto Weisser: I would invert a little bit the situation. If we see the kind of petroleum prices we are seeing, above $100, all the commodity prices have to be higher so that the farmers can make money and produce it. So we just suffer from this situation. When you look at the whole situation, the consequences in our business, we are more, how should I say, we are not the cause but we are the consequence of it. Now we have to live with that, and I think if the price will stay high because the petroleum prices will stay high, all of us have to adjust. Inventory is going to be higher; debt is going to be higher. That is why margins have to be higher, to find a certain balance. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: But if soybean prices were to drop, would that automatically mean you can't grow your earnings?
Alberto Weisser: If soybean prices would go, let's say, below $11.00? The farmers in Mato Grosso would not grow it anymore, the stocks would go down, and there would not be beans anymore available in the world. So it is correct that the farmers need it for our Fertilizer business, but on the Agribusiness and Food business, this is less relevant. At this moment we are having a positive environment because it benefits the large players - with the high volatility and the higher prices, where you had to have access to the markets - but this should normalize. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, going to liquidity concerns because obviously that's what - there's a great deal of concern on that can you go into a little bit more detail about what your credit lines are, how your debt would be paid down, when you would think about having to do anything with your readily marketable inventories, and at what stage, if any, would you ever have to do anything with your CapEx spending? 
Alberto Weisser: Yes, before Jackie answers that, let me add one more comment to your previous one. If we have high commodity prices, this is positive for the farmers. If we have low commodities prices, this is good for the consumers.  So if low prices for the consumers are good, the volume is higher. And obviously, with very high commodity prices, we have to remember this is not good for the livestock industry, it's not good for the end consumer, so we don't like that too much. What we have to find is the right balance. It's probably better to say we need a good price.  So we are - obviously we are - at the moment, we see a positive situation because it's a transition. But we have to be careful. These very high commodity prices long term are not so good. 
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Yes, with respect to the liquidity question, I mean, you've obviously got the details in the 10K and then you'll have additional details for the quarter when we file the 10Q so you can actually see the numbers.  But with respect to the amount of committed availability of funds that we have, we increased that during the quarter, driven by these couple of new syndicated bank facilities that I mentioned in my comments, which those particular two totaled $900 million. And despite the fact that the quarter was quite volatile, we managed through that well and as of the end of the quarter had actually increased the amount of difference between the committed lines and the drawn amounts under those lines, so the liquidity cushion has increased since the end of the year. We think that's appropriate given the volatility that we have to deal with. We also are producing higher profitability, so that helps as well.  So we continue to try to be as efficient as possible with respect to the use of our working capital, but we haven't had to leverage any of the other tools that would be available to us under some extreme set of circumstances if we really had to stop buying and draw inventories way down and things like that. So there are a number of things that we can do. With respect to refinancings, I mean, as you probably know because the information is available to you, we have a syndicated bank facility that will roll over later this year in the fall, and we don't see any issues with respect to that. Our ability to close on a couple of new facilities during this past quarter has given us some assurance that we think that we'll be fine in that regard. And then we've got a bond maturing in December which we had some ideas about potentially refinancing earlier and then didn't like the way the market looked and are still comfortable with the decision we made there to wait. But we don't think that we'll have an issue refinancing that. It's a question of at what price, and we've already seen spreads come back a little bit in our favor and we're going to let the markets calm down a bit and still look to do that. Even if we couldn't do it in the bond market, we would be able to deal with that from a liquidity standpoint, but I really don't expect that to be an issue. And again the activity that we saw during the first quarter is a sort of factual basis for us seeing that we have access to the funds, and if we do it right we get them at reasonable prices as well. 
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Would you go outside the debt markets for raising money?
Jacqualyn Fouse: Not at this time, no.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: So there's no reason to believe that you would have to raise equity?
Jacqualyn Fouse: No, as I think I've mentioned in other calls, given the way that we have put our plan together we expect to be able to fund our CapEx spending from internally generated funds. And we could fund a modest in working capital from internally generated funds or financing facilities currently available to us as well. The only reason that I would see us needing to go to the equity markets would be potentially if we did a major acquisition or had something that's completely outside of our plans today.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Okay, so just being clear, in the current business environment you do not need to raise equity because of your cash situation?
Jacqualyn Fouse: That is correct.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: If you were to sell your readily marketable inventories, would you take any charges on it if the price of soybeans went down?
Jacqualyn Fouse: What we would probably do if we got into that situation is we would just stop buying and we would crush everything out, process everything out, and draw the inventories down that way.
Alberto Weisser: And not only that but per definition, the readily marketable inventory has already a price fixed.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Alberto, when you were discussing Argentina, just more forward looking, so I'm reading a lot that the strike may resume on May 2. First of all, do you think that would happen and what would that mean given that we're more in the midst of the harvest?
Alberto Weisser: We obviously hope that will not happen, and we are doing whatever we can to help that it doesn't happen. We like to have normal trade flows. But if it does happen, we will have to deal with our customers from other origins. I think it is, at least, it's possible to deal with that because Brazil has a very large harvest, and we could cover it from Brazil. But I don't expect if there would be a strike that this would be a long strike because this is food, and people have to distribute the food. I'm sure they will be able to get to an arrangement. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And how about the impact on plantings in Argentina next year, because I think Argentina has accounted for a lot of the growth in soybean production over the last five years and the incentive to grow has actually deteriorated. And I know there's a lot of new capacity, new crush capacity there. So what is the outlook going forward with respect to plantings?
Alberto Weisser: I would say that the crush capacity is in line with what Argentina is producing at the moment, close to 50 million tons. And I would suspect that however this goes, this is going to have an impact on commodity prices. And I don't see, Christina, at the moment anything negative outlook there. The government would be interested in also having a healthy farm sector.  If there is at the moment too much export taxes for the Argentine farmer, the government indicated with the changes of the rules that they would like to have a flexible system, which is already something positive. Now the question is to get it at the right amount. So I think it's a little bit forgotten in the whole discussion that the flexible export tax is something positive. We only have to make sure that we get it to the right amount.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And then it seems that the kind of global dislocation that we saw because of the wheat shortage may be transitioning to one dealing with vegetable oil imbalances, and I'm curious, given the reduction in the livestock sector in the U.S., that if we switch over to kind of an oil-driven crush, what would be the outlook for crush margins, especially in the back half when we head to the Northern Hemisphere? 
Alberto Weisser: First, the good news is that the South American harvest was a good one. I think the second good news is that, based on the farmers' planting intentions that we see from USDA, is we should see also a good planting season or good expansion in the Northern Hemisphere in the U.S.  I would expect also to see normal expansion or good expansion in Europe. Remember last year we had the drop in the sunflower seed. We also have expansion in palm oil. So we are seeing that expansion on the oil is developing positively. And I think in the case of the U.S., it is more of a question of the soybean meal, and the oil is more of a consequence or is a byproduct. And we do see relatively normal - I would say normal supply and demand picture for the U.S. We might see a little bit less demand in the second half for the livestock industry, but we are in line with the USDA to see global increase in demand for soybean meal on 6% for the year. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Jackie, can you please repeat what you said about Paraguay? 
Jacqualyn Fouse: We took a provision for about $30 million in Q1 related to receivables that we have in Paraguay that are currently in a legal proceeding where we have filed that proceeding to try to collect those receivables. What happened in the first quarter is that a ruling was handed down at the end of the quarter and we got notification of it early this month that the Paraguayan court ruled it does not have jurisdiction over the case and it passed jurisdiction to the Brazilian courts. We think that's a surprising decision and we hadn't expected that, so we obviously conferred with our counsel. We'll continue to pursue that proceeding and we have expectations that something may change there. However, given that ruling, we think it will prolong the process, that it will take longer, and we decided that the prudent to do given that development would be to go ahead and take the provision now.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And do you have interest expense guidance for the year?
Jacqualyn Fouse: We don't generally give interest expense guidance. I mean, it's built into our overall guidance. I think if you look at Q1, it's probably reasonably representative of where we would expect the quarters to be for the year. Now obviously, depending on what happens with working capital average levels and how that impacts average debt levels and things like that, it'll move the number around a bit. But I think we generally see stability in interest rates or maybe a slightly tendency in the U.S. We've got about half of our debt at floating rates and about half of it at fixed rate exposure.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: Alberto, can you talk about the debt burden of the Brazilian farmer? I guess this is the first year when things really look up and they're getting cash for a good crop. And I think that the government just extended government debt, maybe for 10 years, so we're not out of the woods. So how would you characterize things progressing with respect to their debt burden? 
Alberto Weisser: I would say it's already the second year; last year has already helped to reduce some of the burden. And you have some farmers who are in very good shape, like sugar cane, coffee and others. And the corn and soybean farmers who have been hit the hardest - and cotton - they had already a good year last year. Especially what we mostly don't see is the corn - corn was very, very positive last year. So this year it continues being positive.  I don't know exactly how far they are out of the woods, but it is a clearly much, much more positive environment. And we were - small amounts - but we were able to collect already on some on the legal proceedings. So I would say it's less and less of an issue, the farmer creditworthiness, in Brazil. 
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank: And then so how should the bad debt expense move? Did it increase in the quarter or did any of it reverse?
Jacqualyn Fouse: If you look at the net number, the total did increase. But remember that about $30 million of that is related specifically to Paraguay so if you take that out, a little bit of currency impact, we're basically in line with where we were Q1 last year. 
Alberto Weisser: And the rest was from Europe, so we had some bad debt in Europe. South America, with the exception of Paraguay, was neutral if we exclude foreign exchange, which is positive.
Operator: This question will come from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  I'm going to get back to Diane's question on the cash flow statement. The $160 million foreign exchange gain on debt that's a subtraction from net income reduces operating cash flow. The perception out there is that, due to the hedges that you have going long the real as part of your intercompany loans, that that's a big driver of that $160 million swing, and since it is noncash and if you stripped it out - and I'm not saying that you should, but if you did it would erase some of the upside on the EPS line - so maybe just one more chance here - could we look at that 160 and say that a lot of that is due to the intercompany loans that you have? 
Jacqualyn Fouse: I'm sorry that we haven't been clearer about that. Here's what's going on. When we have foreign denominated inventory balances, we will finance those with foreign denominated debt to basically match those up, okay? So in the P&L you will see those things substantially offset each other so there's not a net impact in the P&L. Some of that financing may be intercompany financing, some of that financing could be third-party financing. It actually is irrelevant, basically. But it's a matching of the exposure there, okay? But the foreign currency impact on the debt - and again, you're only talking about foreign currency denominated debt for the entities where it exists, where their local currency is a different currency - is a noncash item. So from an operating cash flow standpoint, it gets deducted from the net income, but when that debt is actually repaid you get the benefit of that and it moves down into the financing activity section of the cash flow upon repayment of that debt.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse: And then lastly on the balance sheet, cash and cash equivalents at $723 million, my understanding is that some of that is one the Fosfertil part of the business, too. Balance sheets are tricky in terms of how much cash you need to have there. Is that the right amount of cash for you to have, and is there any relevance at all to your liquidity level? Should we look at that as any relevance at all?
Jacqualyn Fouse: There's a small piece of it that I guess I would say that's relevant of that $723 million. There's about $350 to $400 million that's in Fosfertil. There's a bit of that that also is just cash that's going to be in the system, so to speak, at any point in time in our affiliates. And then there's, you know, another $150 to $200 million that would be in our sort of central treasury, so to speak, that we would be able to work with basically from one day to the next. So, I mean, that's kind of how you should think about that.  That number has fluctuated basically in line with, in terms of the number that you see on the balance sheet, with the Fosfertil balances which sit there, in some respects - Fosfertil does pay some dividends - but will be used to fund Fosfertil's CapEx projects and things like that.
Operator: And at this time I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Mark Haden for any closing remarks.
Mark Haden: Great, [Steve], thank you. And thank you, everyone else, for joining us this morning.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-13 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden, Investor Relations Alberto Weisser, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Jacqualyn Fouse, Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts:  Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets David Driscoll - Citi Investments Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan  
Operator:  Good day everyone and welcome to Bunge Limited’s Fourth Quarter Conference Call. (Operator Instructions) At this time, for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Mark Haden. 
Mark Haden: Thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge Limited fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Before we get started, I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany the discussion of the fourth quarter financial results. They can be found in the Investor Information section of our website www.bunge.com under Investor Presentation. With me today to discuss our results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge’s Chairman and CEO; and Jackie Fouse, Bunge’s Chief Financial Officer. Reconciliations of non-GAAP measures disclosed orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. Before we proceed, I would like to read the Safe Harbor statement. This call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements about future financial and operating results.  These statements are based on management’s current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The pertinent risk factors can be found in our SEC filed reports. And now, let me turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser: Good morning, everyone. 2007 was an outstanding year. Bunge leveraged its integrated global operations, leading positions in key markets and good teamwork to produce record results. In 2007, the agribusiness and fertilizer markets were characterized by improved structural conditions.  Demand for Bunge’s end products grew and farm economics in Brazil strengthened. Our risk management strategies performed well in a dynamic market, and we were well positioned to serve our customers during a period marked by significant supply dislocations. The conditions that made 2007 compelling should continue in 2008. The USDA forecasts higher global protein meal and vegetable oil demand, as well as strong demand for and trade in other agricultural commodities. Crop prices should remain high, promoting input purchases by farmers.  Not all market forces are working in Bunge’s favor, however. For example, the strong real will increase local costs in our Brazilian businesses, and higher input costs could pressure margins in fertilizer and edible oils during the year. We plan to build on our success by continuing to follow our strategy of investing for growth and efficiency in our core businesses and in complementary value chains. In 2007, we expanded our oilseed-processing network and launched a regional consumer packaged oil brand in China.  We also enhanced processing assets in the Americas and Europe, purchased our first sugarcane mill, and established a joint venture with OCP, the Moroccan fertilizer manufacturer, which will provide our business with a valuable supply of fertilizer, raw materials and products. Construction on the venture’s production facilities is well underway, and we expect initial phosphoric acid capacity to come online later this year. This morning we announced an agreement to acquire Walter Rau Lebensmittelwerke, one of Germany’s leading private label and branded margarine producer. With this acquisition, Bunge takes another important step in our strategy to strengthen our European food products business. Overall, we are pleased with how our asset network is growing and becoming more balanced across geography and also products. Now I’d like to turn over the call to Jackie, who will take you through the fourth quarter results and our outlook.
Jacqualyn Fouse: Thank you, Alberto, and good morning everyone. Thank you for being on the call with us this morning. As Mark mentioned, I will just remind you that there are some slides that you can follow along with my comments on the web if you have access to those. Starting off, we’ll look at some key line items in the income statement for both the quarter and year 2007 for the Bunge Limited group. Looking at the volume numbers we saw very solid growth in the fourth quarter in both agribusiness and food products. Fertilizer volumes were a bit down as we’ve said that they might be due to the strong Q2 and Q3 in ‘07, and Q4 ‘06 that included some late season buying. With respect to segment operating profit the growth there was led by agribusiness as well as fertilizer gross margins, which held up quite well during the quarter. These favorable impacts more than offset somewhat higher SG&As in both of those segments where the primary increases came from currency, somewhat higher variable cost, and growth in our infrastructure as we added some people here and there notably in the sugar business. In edible oil we started to see some benefits from price increases that we took in Europe during the fourth quarter but this is more than offset in the quarter by notable item charges. Milling was somewhat impacted by higher input cost for wheat and an impairment charge.  At the net income level that was affected by the return of the effective tax rate to a sustainable range. Now we are at about 26%. So when you compare that to Q4 of ‘06, when the company recorded a benefit in the tax line that’s why you don’t see growth in net income. EPS followed net income and includes the impact of the convertible shares, both those issued in November of ‘06 and those issued November of ‘07. With respect to the full year on the volume side agribusiness, fertilizer, edible oils, all posted mid-teens volume growth for the full year. Operating profit wise, growth was led by agribusiness and fertilizer, and as you know, we’ve had a tough year due to high input cost, higher SG&A cost as we invested in an infrastructure there and the impact of notable items charges as well.  And the same factors for the full year as for the quarter drove somewhat higher agribusiness and fertilizer SG&A, so again currency impact, variable cost increases, and some investment in the infrastructure. The same phenomena applied to both the net income and earnings per share for the full year as I discussed for the quarter with respect primarily to the tax rate returning to an ongoing sustainable range versus the benefit recorded last year. When we look at the result by segment, starting with the quarter, agribusiness was driven by very good results in oilseed distribution, particularly in Europe by grain distribution and origination. Meal volumes were also strong and structural margins in the meal business especially in Europe and the Middle East, and we saw strong gross margins in Europe, North America and South America. Ocean freight performed its role well through management of both physical flows and risk. On the fertilizer side for the quarter, again lower volumes in the quarter for the reasons I’ve already mentioned and the operating profit growth there came about from higher unit gross margins, which more than made up for the lower volumes and somewhat higher SG&A. On the food side of the business, that one was particularly impacted in the quarter by notable items but as I mentioned we did start to see benefits from price increases taken in Europe and in Brazil edible oils. The margins were very solid in the quarter. Moving to the full year results for the segments, again you’ve heard some of these before, some of the same fundamentals held up in the fourth quarter as we saw in the third quarter. Agribusiness results were strong across the board for the full year with all regions performing well though the stronger real has somewhat negatively impacted our profits. The strongest contributors were oilseed processing in all regions, and grain origination and distribution as well. Ocean freight again performed well for the full year as in the quarter with respect to managing physical flows and risk. Fertilizer wrapped up a very strong year with above average historical volume growth and high margins driven by high the international fertilizer prices and our ability to take advantage of our local integrated model in Brazil. Food experienced a difficult year during the overall year 2007 as a result of high crude oil prices and a limited ability to pass that higher cost on through price increases until we got to the latter part of the year. And profits were also negatively impacted during 2007 by higher SG&A spend as we continue to build the business primarily in Asia, in Europe and then by some notable items charges as well. Turning to the balance sheet, a few things that we would like to highlight, historically high agriculture commodity prices prevailed throughout the full year 2007 and caused inventory levels to increase significantly. Despite this, we were able to manage overall operating working capital growth to something less than that growth in the inventory and our cash cycle improved versus last year by about 11 days.  This shows that we have made good progress in terms of our asset efficiency efforts and we saw a positive evolution in both days sales outstanding, which were down about five days, and inventory days, which were down about six days. We also strengthened our balance sheet through a combination of higher profit generation and issuance of a mandatory convertible in November of 2007. For those of you who can see the slides, it’s Page 7 or Slide 7 on the webcast, there is a graphic there that shows you the evolution over the last six years since 2001 in these key items of the balance sheet. And over the past six years you can see that Bunge’s operating working capital has grown roughly in line with sales, though somewhat slower than sales. And our shareholders’ equity has increased significantly faster than net financial debt. So we are happy with the state of our balance sheet. With respect to cash flow, in Q4 we were pleased to see strong results and funds from operations before working capital changes with those being driven by profits. And those strong funds from operations more than offset a modest increase in working capital, thus allowing us to generate positive cash flow from operations in the quarter. For the full year, cash flow from operations remained negative but modestly so, given the significant growth in working capital for the year based on higher commodity prices. When we turn to the 2008 outlook, as Alberto already mentioned, we see very solid positive market fundamentals for our business. We continue to see growing global demand for soybean meal and vegetable oil, with the meal growth forecast at just over 5% and oil at about 4.5%. So far we see South American harvests looking good. And we except for fertilizer demand to be strong on continued good farm economics. As far as particularly we think our food product segment should improve, then we were working on the efficiency of our food network of assets especially in Europe and South America. We were again seeing that our price increases held and a positive impact from that in Europe. And we expect to see good results from the investments we have made in the business but are mindful that input costs in some areas could remain high. There are some broader headwinds that we will face going into 2008. The stronger real is increasing cost in our Brazilian businesses. We are also seeing some indication of inflation in emerging markets that we will deal with on the cost side, and higher input cost could put some pressure on margins in both fertilizer and edible oil. As we move into 2008, we should keep in mind that during 2007, as a result of our global footprint and asset infrastructure, we were able to benefit from opportunities that arose, where we were able to move product through the system and manage market dislocations and supply demand and balances to our benefit.  These included poor wheat production outside the U.S. and poor soft seed production in Europe, as an example during 2007. We don’t know to what extent such opportunities will be available in 2008, and we don’t include the potential for those in our guidance. So with that backdrop just to highlight the financial guidance for 2008, we are forecasting net income of $830 to $870 million or $6.01 to $6.30 per share. That includes an assumption of an estimated weighted average of the 138 million shares outstanding. Again, that includes dilution related to the two convertible issues.  We anticipate depreciation, depletion and amortization of about $450 to $470 million. And we expect CapEx to increase to a range of $1 to $1.1 billion with about a little less than a third of those going to sustaining and maintenance top up projects and a bit over two-thirds going towards growth. And of course, we’ve got the incremental impact of the sugar business in there now and the plans for that expansion as we go forward as well.  We’re maintaining the effective tax rate guidance range in 24% to 28% the same as it was in our last guidance and where we came out for 2007. So, with that I will open it up to Q&A. Thank you very much.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question will come from Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  I think that the guidance for ‘08 is going to be a little bit lighter here than what a lot of people, including me, had been hoping for. But you did mention the fact that you are not forecasting any kind of benefit from potential dislocation of grain with the glut, this year or in ‘07 that we had in the U.S. and deficits abroad.  Can you give us any kind of quantification, it’s not really a fair question, but can you give us any kind of quantification as to how much ‘07 benefited from that dislocation?
Alberto Weisser:  Rob, this is very difficult to estimate. But giving an anecdotal situation, we used to ship something like 500,000 tons to Spain normally. Last year we were able with our network, with our logistic systems, with our origination, we were able to increase our business to 3.5 million tons. And we believe that most of that, we will be able to keep.  So we had similar situations like that in different parts in the Middle East. So it is very, very difficult to put an exact number on it. And also, these kinds of dislocations happen from time to time. More or less you have it every year in one area or the other. But last year obviously it benefited us with a large network of assets and the good infrastructure and logistics. It is very difficult to put a precise number on it.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  And then in the fertilizer business, can you give us a sense of to what extent you are going to be able to pass through higher input prices for your blended fertilizer products to the farmers in Brazil? You have said that you expect margins to be smaller year-over-year. But at the same time, the blended prices are so much higher than they were and then at the same time you want to be careful not to push the envelope too far. So what kind of a position are you taking here and how should we think about it?
Alberto Weisser:  We went into 2007 with a better-input price structure than we are going into ‘08. So that is why we consider that we had a little bit more margins last year because of the good raw material input price structure. This is one component. The second component you have to remember with the high petroleum prices, diesel went up. Transportation is more expensive, so we estimate that for the Mato Grosso farmer, probably to cover all of the farmers’ costs. And the soybeans have to be around something like $7.50 per bushel, so it has gone up the breakeven for them. So we have to careful. Also where the fertilizer prices are, they are expensive. So we feel there is enough margins for the farmers, but we feel there is also pressure on all the raw material prices. So the petroleum prices had a very strong effect on all the input cost. So the two components we have to be careful how it will evolve. It is very early. I think the commodity prices should stay strong during the harvest of South America, but it is very early to say. The farmer will only decide planting the big crop in South America for soybeans, corn in June, July, August and we have to see where the commodity prices will be by that time. Our estimate is they should be good. But we have to be careful here.
Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse:  Yes, the futures market has soybeans closer to $13 a bushel, and you said $7.50 for a breakeven in Mato Grosso. I mean what is the farmer in Mato Grosso really getting today? Are they getting $7.50 or are they getting something much higher?
Alberto Weisser:  They are getting much higher. But you also have to take an average. Some of them are already sold. Some didn’t sell, so you have to make a combined. Those who are selling at the moment spot obviously are having a good price at the moment. But many sold before and many are going to sell a little bit later. So you have to take an average. You are right. The environment is very positive for the farmer.
Operator:  Our next question will come from Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  Alberto, I guess following up on Rob’s questions. With respect to agribusiness, if I look at the opportunity in terms of dislocation it still exists. So my question is, is there anything about your ability to capitalize on this opportunity that changes as we go from North America where the crop has pretty much been sold, to South America.  I mean is your origination less robust in South America? Is the crop availability different? I mean what changes now as we head to the South American harvest?
Alberto Weisser:  The outlook for South America is positive. We believe the crops will be very good. I have personally visited some of the areas; they look good. So we don’t expect any significant trouble from the South American crops in terms of availability and yield. Now also we probably are better prepared. We have now the Santos terminal, [TGG] Intermark. Our port in Argentina is better prepared. We have bought Socepar, the other port in Paranaguá. So from an infrastructure, we are also better prepared this year than we were last year.  So if the market gives us opportunities in Asia, in Europe to have a good flow, we should benefit from that. But this is very, very difficult to plan. So we are planning more like a normal situation.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  So you are planning for normal, but with the weak crop in Europe not coming in until the middle of the year and China still short beans and soybean oil and you having the opportunity to execute on that demand, really I mean from what we see today, things shouldn’t change?
Alberto Weisser:  We are optimistic. We’re clearly optimistic about ‘08 but you know how things can change very fast on a dime. The plantings of soybeans were a little bit later last year than usual so the window for the winter corn crop the safrina has, normally its 21 days. It has been a little bit shorter.  So for the farmers to get it right on the winter corn crop there’s a little bit more risk. At the moment we see it very positively especially because probably the window closed for the cotton business, so there is a little bit more space for corn, but it can change at any moment. So, it is very, very difficult in our business. It can change very fast.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  Then turning to fertilizer, I understand what you were saying in terms of the farmer, things getting expensive but there does seem to be some buffer between what the farmers in Mato Grosso are receiving even including the basis and what their break-even is?  But then if you consider the fact that 30% of global phosphate production is in the hands of non-integrated fertilizer producers, wouldn’t you think that they would set the price. And that higher phosphate prices, higher sulfur, higher ammonia prices would be passed through because they are not in that position to really eat those higher prices and then the global price of DAP, MAP, TSP etc., would increase?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, up to a limit, you’ll hear when you talk directly to the farmers like we do; they are really complaining. So, there is a limit how much the international prices can be passed on. There will be a moment where the farmers probably will start cutting on technology. So, at the moment there is room for both for corn, for soybean. But there is a limit.  We have to be careful. They are complaining very hard. And what we also have to remember is that the real has been stronger over the last three years but the inflation is continually going up. So, there were personnel cost, the salaries are continue going up locally.  So, when you think about it last year we were talking about full cost coverage for the farmer at $6 per bushel now we are talking about $7.50. It is important so we only want to be cautious. The sky is not the limit here.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  Jackie, the CapEx guidance is significantly higher than you have been running. So, what is it that this means in terms of your cash flow generation next year and given the fact that working capital can still be onerous?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, I think, we’re seeing the degree of price increases not be quite as high probably when we look at the full year as we expected last year. So, the increase in working capital should be slowing down.  In terms of our business plans for 2008, we’re expecting to be more or less net cash flow neutral including funding those CapEx projects, and as I mentioned, sugar is completely incremental for us now. So, it has to be thought about in terms of the mix on a go-forward basis and I think we have always said that we have lots of opportunities more than we can avail ourselves.  And one of the reasons we did the mandatory deferred back in November, and we talked about it at the time, was to help us fund the expansion of sugar on a go-forward basis. So, now we are seeing that all come together and we would be able to digest all of this.
Christina McGlone - Deutsche Bank:  How much of the $1 and $1.1 will be dedicated to sugar?
Alberto Weisser:  Around $300 million
Operator:  Our next question will come from Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  Not to harp on this question of opportunity, are you seeing the opportunities right now, in this quarter? Have they gone away?
Alberto Weisser:  The exact opportunity we saw last year was the grain and the oilseeds, we don’t see. So, but obviously with a very high prices of grains the demand is strong for soybean meal. We were a little bit surprised how strong the fourth quarter was for the oilseed distribution, meal oil as Jackie was saying. So, we continue seeing a very positive environment in the distribution oilseed processing, meal protein sales, and oil sales.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  And, I think it was like last April that there was an issue with the hedging between Brazil and the U.S. Is there something in these numbers that may not be operating that may come out throughout the year or is it not the case?
Alberto Weisser:  As we said at that time, this kind of disconnection between the physical and the futures market happened all the time. It was very unusual last year because we didn’t have the physical demand. So, we’ve to consider that these kinds of divergences will happen. But as we like to remind that when you look at the whole year like we always want to investors look at, it converged.  So, at the end we were able to deliver the products at the margins we wanted. So, the future market adjusted to the physical market or the physical to the future. So, but we obviously cannot plan for a situation like that.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  But you don’t have anything like that right now? Everything is back to normal. There is no issues at all because, as I think Rob asked, the guidance is a little bit lower than we would have expected as well, I didn’t know if there was anything in the guidance that was...?
Alberto Weisser:  No, we are expecting traditional normal kind of an environment. And let’s say it; it is positive. We should realize the high commodity prices are very good for our farmers and this is very positive for the fertilizer business. So, we see it for ‘08 and probably even for ‘09.  So, there is a structural change, which is positive and we have to remember we often forget that with global economy, the way it has been growing in the past, you have also smaller countries shifting their diet away from just cereals, carbohydrates, to consumption of more meat.  And therefore, the demand for soybean meal and for oil vegetable has been higher. In fact, even the demand in United States last year was up 2.7% in soybean meal versus normally that it has been around 1%. So, the demand picture is positive around the world.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  And in terms of recovering bad loan debt, from a couple of years back, to what extent do you think that there will be any recovery this year or will it still be in ‘09? How does that play out throughout the next 12 to 18 months?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, as you probably know, or can imagine, this is a process that probably moved a little bit slower than what we might like. So, it takes time, but what we are seeing is that we have been able to improve credit terms on our current sales. We, actually, in terms of currency aside, we added a little bit less to the provision this year than last year and there was an impact from fairly from currency, though.  We have recovered slightly more in 2007 then we did in 2006. So, all the individual pieces of it looks like there are starting to be some degree of response but it takes a long time for this to work its way through the system.  And those balances, which were the most significant ones, were incurred back in 2005, some of those have been renegotiated and some of them are in a legal status, which is going to take some time to recover those. But we are not seeing anything wrong in that regard.
Ken Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets:  When do you guys come up with guidance? Is it last week or is it two months ago?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, we look at this when we go through our business plan process in the latter part of the fourth quarter. And then obviously, given the number of moving parts in this business and how quickly things changes, we watch how we are finishing the year along the same time that we’re looking at what we think we’re going to have in our plans for 2008. And we continue to do that as we start the year especially monitoring how things are going in South America. And so you can’t say that we just looked at it last week by any means because we have to start looking at it when we put our plans together in the latter part of the year before. But we do try to reassess those plans and in light of how we finished the year and how we see the year starting.
Operator:  And our next question will come from David Driscoll - Citi Investments.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Alberto, for a long time you have been very consistent in establishing a long-term algorithm. You established, I believe, it was the 2003 period as the base from which you believe that the company could grow its earnings 10% to 12%. Can you update us today on where that base is? Obviously ‘07 is unlike anything we have ever seen before. You gave us some ‘08 guidance, but I’d really appreciate your perspective on how to think about the company and the business over the long-term?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes. Obviously, the company has changed a lot when you think about from ‘03 to today. We have grown significantly and added segments and geographies and products. So, I think we have to look at a base for growth; it’s problematic calling one year a base. But I’d consider the guidance of ‘08 for the bases of goals for these 10% to 12% EPS growth.  You’re right like I often say from the 15 variables of our business in ‘07, 14.5 were aligned and we have to consider that in our business, in the commodity business, related to weather and climate and so on, often things are not exactly perfect. So, ‘08 should be a good base.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  In your 2008 earnings guidance, is the split in profit between agribusiness and fertilizers similar to 2007, would that be roughly accurate in assessing ‘08?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Roughly, I would say, although fertilizer had such a strong year in ‘07. You could see a little bit of a down movement in fertilizer and with the corresponding shifts I guess being in agribusiness.   Foods is a small piece of the total pie, so we know that it’s not going to move the needle massively, but we do expect the food business from a relative performance standpoint to be much higher in ‘08 than it was in ‘07 because ‘07 was such a difficult year.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  There is just within the last eight or 9 weeks or so, we’ve seen a $250 per metric ton increase on gas and fertilizer prices internationally. This is an astounding increase in an incredibly short period of time. Can you just explain a little bit more, why that fertilizer business wouldn’t see an enormous increase in profitability? Is it really simply the story on input costs?
Alberto Weisser:  You have to remember that we have only the phosphate mines. We have small nitrogen business in fossil fuel. But for us very important is the phosphate business. And we are ramping up every year a little bit more our production, but we are limited.  So, we had an increase of 10% in our production for this year. By the end of this year we will have a further increase, but we might not benefit so much because we have to import some of the products. And the other margins, we don’t benefit exactly the same way when we don’t sell from our own mines.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Can you guys give us some specific volume numbers or volume projections, percentages, on fertilizer and agribusiness for ‘08?
Alberto Weisser:  For the first time we perhaps are a little bit more optimistic than ANDA that is the Fertilizer Association in Brazil. We think probably it will be more like the 5% to 7% growth that we consider sustainable long-term growth rates, with perhaps a small potential for upside if the commodity prices stays strong.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  That 5% to 7% was for fertilizer?
Alberto Weisser:  Fertilizer growth vis-à-vis ‘07.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  What about agribusiness?
Alberto Weisser:  Agribusiness, we think more in case of Bunge is also the 6% to 8% growth rate.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Jacquie, can you give us guidance on interest expense?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Well, obviously we’ve benefited, or are benefiting due to the fact that rates have come down on the floating portion of our interest rate exposure. But because the working capital needs continue to stay high and they are a bit higher as of right now than they were in our forecast right around the end of the year, those two things may offset each other a little bit. But depending on how working capital goes, otherwise maybe we could see a little bit of favorability in interest expense because of lower rates.
Operator:  And our next question will come from Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  Just on your fertilizer business, not to focus too much because there has been a number of questions. But you clearly had a benefit this year from the increase in prices there as fertilizer prices continue to escalate through the most of the year until you sold it. And I am wondering is it your view now at this level that prices have peaked. And so you are not going to see the same kind of benefit this year, or do you expect another leg-up in fertilizer prices assuming China comes in the next couple of months, for example?
Alberto Weisser:  We don’t plan too much on, the way we are looking at it we don’t plan too much on further price increases. What we do see is a small contraction on our margins vis-à-vis ‘07. I think there will be a point where the farmers will start reducing their demand if the prices get too high. You’ll start seeing them suffering because also the crop chemicals are up; transportation are up because of the increase in petroleum. So, there is some pressure. We don’t see further increase.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  And when we talk about your input costs, are you also referring to the increase of sulfur costs that you are seeing or is that a non-factor?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, yes, sulfur is a very important one. One of our main products we sell in South America is the SSP, which is phosphate and sulfur.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  And it’s your expectation that prices are going to continue to go up there?
Alberto Weisser:  We hope not, but they have been going up so. And we have to remember we have to re-negotiate the purchases during the year and so it worries us.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  And then in terms of your [Zuanic airsha] expansion, and you talked about it coming on, I guess this year, I am wondering is that going to be a late 2008 event?
Alberto Weisser:  No, the 10% happened, so it will be in ‘08, but the other increase will be only for 2009, the 30% increase of our [airsha].
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  In terms of the embargo that we’ve seen in some parts of the world, kind of, limiting some trade of commodities. Has that had any material impact on your business and especially at those port locations?
Alberto Weisser:  It had. For example, we suffered a lot in Ukraine with the embargos. We really suffered there not only from not having enough of the physical products, but also the products we had obviously to be sold at the lower value. But at the same time, these open up opportunities to export more wheat from U.S. or from South America.  So this is the beauty of being in many countries, many ports, many origins, and many destinations. You can, what Jackie said, that these locations, they affect us in one area but can have a positive effect on other areas. So last year clearly, the U.S. farmer benefited on wheat; the Russian farmer benefited on wheat; the Brazilian farmer benefited on corn.  So, some of the farmers, and we were able to serve our customers, as I gave the example in Spain, very fast we were able to deliver and now we have very solid good new customers in some parts of the world.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  It’s basically offsetting.
Alberto Weisser:  The offset, yes, probably the offset last year has been more positive, but there obviously is some major trouble like Ukraine.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  When you look at the outlook at least most analysts have for shifts in U.S. acres to soy, and you look at your overall business. Do you view that as a net positive or do you not even agree with that outlook as you head into the next year?
Alberto Weisser:  You mean in U.S.?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research:  Yes.
Alberto Weisser:  We are relatively neutral where our plans are. We see this as not affecting too much the net effect of perhaps having more or less soybeans; most of the time only affects the exports. So, the shutting down of our Marks, Mississippi plant had nothing to do with the agricultural component there, but it’s more situation of the cost of that plant.  And for U.S., I think we are well positioned that’s why you see we expanded our Council Bluffs, Iowa plant and reduced Marks and we expanded the canola plant in Canada. Now net-net for Bunge it is probably positive these changes, because more of the expansion of soybeans have to come from South America, and there’s where we are well positioned.
Operator:  And our next question will come from Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  When you sell the fertilizer to the farmer, does he have the choice to either pay the contract in cash or beans upfront? Or how does that work? What’s behind the question is really we’ve seen soybean prices obviously move here pretty aggressively beginning in 2008. And I’m just wondering about his flexibility in terms of when the contract comes due, when he harvests, can he choose then to change his method of payment from beans to cash.
Alberto Weisser:  Normally we have very long-term relationships with these farmers. We help them grow; expand, so there’s obviously a strong connection. And the way it normally happens is that we finance them with a fertilizer. They commit to physically deliver and then either the prices are fixed earlier when he needs the money or not the prices are fixed later.  Now, normally the farmer doesn’t do these kind of transactions for 100% of their needs, because they obviously also want to have a little bit more flexibility if prices go up to fix the prices later. But the funding part of their working capital is so relevant the quid pro quo is that we get the beans.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  So you see very limited risk in terms of beans have moved forward that he’s going to change his mind and pay you in cash and then go in the market and sell at a higher price.
Alberto Weisser:  It always happens here and there but it is de minimis. And obviously, this is something that we pay a lot of attention and where the long-term relationships do matter. And often we have all our silos network so if the farmer doesn’t want to sell to us sometimes they have to drive quite a long way to the next silo.  So there is a risk and we include this as part of our risk of our business and the same way we will also consider default on bad debt for the fertilizer sales but we include that in our outlooks.
Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch:  It seems like you’ve done a lot of work on the assets footprint this year and you’ve had some sort of extraordinary items run through with plant closures. Just keeping the gross CapEx kind of out of the picture and on your base infrastructure where you are right now is it kind of, where you wanted to be or do you see future plant closures, that kind of thing that we should be aware of?
Alberto Weisser:  Not really, because we do a very thorough analysis, especially a systematic analysis doing the business plan. And when we see what we have to do we do it. But at the same time, we have to be realistic. Five years ago, we didn’t see that Marks and Mississippi was an issue.  So, when you take a list of the 50-60 oil-processing facilities we have, you always have the best, and you always have the less best one and every year we look at some of them. I would not to be surprised that over the next five years, you would see one or two or three plants that we will shutdown around the world.  Now, at the moment, we clearly take the decision no for ‘08, ’09. We don’t see it, but it can happen. And in Europe, you have seen a little bit more aggressive moves, because we had to redo our network in Spain, with shutting down four plants and rebuild two new ones.  We have redone it in Poland. We have redone it in Austria, also in Hungary. And the plan for Hungary and for Bulgaria and Romania, this is it. We are building a new plant in Buzo and the ones we announced are shutdown. So, there is absolutely no new movement at the moment in that area.
Operator:  And our next question will come from Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  What has to happen for commodity price volatility and supply dislocation to revert to normal levels during 2008? I guess from where we sit, looking at the global acreage battle between corn, soybeans and wheat, it seems likely to us that the status quo is going to persist.
Alberto Weisser:  That is our estimate as well.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  But why would, if you’re thinking of the world, when you’re looking at your plan and you are thinking about what could happen, I mean, how would soybeans get back to $10 a bushel this year?
Alberto Weisser:  If they come back to $10 per bushel is not a problem, it’s very attractive. And what could happen is that we would have an outstanding yield in South America and a tremendous harvest and the harvest looks good.  But the ending stocks are still very low and you would still have to have a very strong U.S. crop as well and then the ending stock are still very low. So, I will say there is always a risk, but that probably would mean in higher prices. And there would be an issue about availability.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Yes, wouldn’t want to argue if you had an outstanding soybean crops, that acreage would then go back to corn next year and then soybeans would have to really fight to get that acreage back? Isn’t that sort of what happened with corn this year in the U.S.?
Alberto Weisser:  The price relationship between soybeans and corn, corn is favoring more the soybeans at the moment. It’s early to say but we probably will see that in U.S. some there will be a little bit more plantings in soybeans this year than last year. But to your overall question, we don’t see too much of a change in the environment of commodity prices but we do think they will stay high this year.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  Then 2007 was obviously an unprecedented operating environment and your performance was clearly excellent. But given that there was really no precedent for it, in assuming a similar environment on a go forward basis, are there things that you would do differently or don’t you think you could do better now that you have some experience in this environment under your belt?
Alberto Weisser:  Oh, this is a tough question. I’m never happy; I would like to redo many things, do differently. And we try to do it all the time and I do feel Vincent that we are better prepared this year than we were last year.  I’m very pleased with the way we managed the working capital. I give a lot of credit to the commercial team, the finance team, and everybody worked very hard together to reduce our cash cycle from 53 to 42. It’s quite something. I’m very happy with that. At the same time our returns are higher so that was a very positive one.  What worries me obviously is the higher costs. There is inflation; the weaker dollar it affects us. And I would have preferred to have this year also the same type of contract we had on sulfur but we don’t have it. But overall every year I think we are a little bit better prepared but also the environment changes.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  Yes this is very macro, is we’ve got the last year was maybe the first full year under our belt with the expanded asset infrastructure and footprint and then really starting to focus on the whole value chain. So one can say that you start to build on the experience from that, so I think those are the things we would expect to be able to continue to do well as we’ve gotten that experience and seeing what we can do with it.  But as we’ve highlighted a number of times we do have still things that we’re cautious about while all the rest of that’s very positive.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  I assume you have operating scenarios in your plan where the overall environment improves substantially and you therefore, soybeans for example were to go to $15 or $16 and the environment would change like that you know exactly what you want to do in that environment?
Alberto Weisser:  Well we do it but this is we probably plan much more for the downside so that we are well prepared. If the upside happens we’re open for the upside. But we focus much more on the risk side on the problems that could happen. So, I think we were well positioned to take advantage of the upside in ‘07.
Jacqualyn Fouse:  You know something with asset efficiency plays into that too. Because if you do a good job with that then you can set yourself up to have the capacity to be able to take advantage of those opportunities as they present themselves,  But from a planning standpoint even when we run scenarios, as we’ve said if somewhere between 11 and 15 out of the 15 things went right. You are not going to run too many scenarios that assume that they all go right. You’re going to run more that include a mixture of things. If we do a good job with all the rest of it then we set ourselves up to be able to take advantage of the things if they do all go right.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley:  When was 11 the number for 2007?
Jacqualyn Fouse:  I think that’s Alberto’s number.
Operator:  And our next question will come from Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Just want to make sure I understood the comment that was made on guidance. You were saying that the fertilizers segment of rating profit in absolute terms is going to be lower or did you say that as a percentage of segment operating profit is going to be lower?
Alberto Weisser:  We feel that when you compare to ‘07 fertilizer should be a little bit lower. Food products should be much higher, although a small base and agribusiness more or less flat.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Now just to understand that I mean given that it’s in dollars. If I think of three variables, volumes, absolute dollar prices, and cost. Clearly you are guiding for a volume growth. We all see what’s been happening with prices, which obviously we are going to be up significantly year-on-year.  So, it is a cost side. But it just seems to me when we try to think about that in terms of the margins we are projecting, which obviously will be lower year-on-year, if I break out the business within the local component and the imported component the pressure has to be in the local component. Because imported component is more of a wholesale trading business with relatively stable margins is that a fair analysis?
Alberto Weisser:  I think we will see both the domestic and also the imported one slightly smaller margins. And, obviously, margins and industrial and SG&A expenses will be also higher.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Okay and just to be clear regarding sulfur. I understand that the contracts are set every six months, so for example your next contract for sulfur would be set in April. So what we have seen pretty much in the December quarter, in terms of cost, we should see in the March quarter.  And then when you are setting the price in April for the next six months how quickly does that kick in? So from looking at prices, spot prices for sulfur in April, that’s pretty, you’re your cost for the next six months? Or is there a lag in terms of how quickly that sets in?
Alberto Weisser:  It is not much of a lag but you remember that when you look at our business in fertilizer the first half is something like one-third and the second half is two-third, so it will be a very critical negotiation, the April one.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Structurally the fact you have the OCP joint venture in Morocco, and the fact that you are expanding your local mine, isn’t that structurally going to help margins? And related to that, if you can briefly comment, why margins in your fertilizer business are so much lower than what we see for other fertilizer companies? What do you see structurally for the setup of your business that would justify Bunge’s margins being so much lower?
Alberto Weisser:  I think the big differences is we have a relatively large retail business, and a retail business, which is a lot of volume and smaller margins, makes the average look lower. So, on the nutrient side, we are probably comparable and perhaps we are slightly advantaged because of the location where we are. And but the retail business when we sold the NPK a good portion of that is imported so that is why the overall average of our fertilizer margin looks smaller.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Did the joint venture in Morocco and the expansion in the local mines isn’t that structurally going to help margins? Or is it not about that, it is just about having more fertilizers available?
Alberto Weisser:  It’s more of fertilizers available. We will have an advantage on participating on that infrastructure, but we don’t benefit from the ownership of the mines. The mines continue to be owned by OCP.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  When you look at your fertilizer volumes in 2007, would you say that you actually gained share? And if you gained share how does that compare to the rest of the market? And why did you gain share as opposed to your being more cautious on the credit front?
Alberto Weisser:  We probably lost a little bit of market share, we were more careful on the credit side.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  I know you don’t breakdown within the business your earning from oilseed crushing and agricultural services. I mean Archer Daniels does that, but you guys don’t do that. But when I look at the year-on-year earnings growth in 2007, roughly 90% comes from the agricultural services side and 10% from the crushing side? I mean, any color there would help to understand the growth that we saw in that business in ‘07.
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, as Jacquie was saying, we look at the business in a value chain. You have the origination, you have logistics, you have the processing, and then you have the distribution. We don’t see it as meaningful to separate the chain.  So for us it is very important to look at one and it moves around. We indicated that the distribution and the grain origination performed quite well, and the middle piece or the processing part was better than in ‘06 but not significantly, so the crushing margins were good. So it is very difficult, we don’t see it as meaningful as separating. We don’t do it exactly like that internally so we also don’t do it externally.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Just trying to understand this issue on the dislocation argument, I mean, the example that you gave about Spain, which obviously is anecdotal, we are just trying to understand. Do you say that Spain actually imported more than normal, or do you see that you had people on the ground and you have the connections now? That infrastructure that you didn’t have before, that allows you to benefit from that. So I am just trying to understand how much is it of each?
Alberto Weisser:  We are the largest player in selling soybean meal to the livestock industry. And their traditional suppliers of the grain were unable to get it, smaller players, and local ones. And that they did not have the infrastructure that we have to bring it in either from South America or from North America. So we knew we were very close to the customers and we saw their need. So we were able to jump in and immediately deliver that so.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  Why were the guys not able supply that, why what was the problem for them?
Alberto Weisser:  They don’t have the same global network of origination, they don’t have the bold infrastructure, and they don’t have the logistics. So in that one-year they didn’t have the origination of that grain.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan:  And there is no reason to think that that will change, right?
Alberto Weisser:  Normally you keep these kind of customers but over time if the markets get completely normal, you get again some competition from the smaller players.
Operator:  And our last question will be a follow-up question and that question will come from David Driscoll. 
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Alberto, there is been a lot of debate about what is the long-term sustainable price for crops. Certainly the large cap food, the branded food manufacturers. They frankly outlined a view that there is just a long-term inflation in the crops.  Do you share that opinion or do you hold to a thesis of mean reversion with crop prices eventually going back to where they came from? What’s your thought process, any color here would be helpful?
Alberto Weisser:  We believe that the prices changed structurally to a higher level and the main reason is the higher energy prices. The energy components in crops are very relevant. Its transportation, its crop chemicals, its fertilizer, transportation. So there is a stronger correlation nowadays between the energy prices and food.  So we have done long, very thorough analysis especially on the sugar and ethanol component. And you see that the kind of green-field investments you have to do in that business, it is at the higher level that it used to be. And especially, because the global trade has increased and the prices have to be determined on the low level cost operators, and the lower cost regions.  As you see more and more expansions coming from both soybeans, corn, and also sugar from, let’s say, in case of Brazil its in the interior. There is a longer transportation to the ports. So the prices have to be higher.
David Driscoll - Citi Investments:  Then, just kind of marrying on to this discussion, when you look at or think about acreage expansion in Brazil in the coming one or two or three years. And you have argued for a long time that the available acreage there was absolutely tremendous.  Given just where prices are, as of yesterday, for corn, soy and wheat, etc., would it not stand a reason that that new acreage, even with the higher transportation costs to the coast, would still be something that would put pressure on prices over the long-term?
Alberto Weisser:  Yes, probably they would not stay where they are now. They would come down but not to the 50 years mean that everybody is talking about like the $0.09 sugar, the $5.50 soybeans. I don’t think we will see that coming back.  But what you’re seeing more instead of opening new areas in Brazil, what you are seeing is conversion of pasture. You will see more and more conversion of pasture to agriculture, and not so far in the interior to avoid the logistics expenses.
Mark Haden: Well thank you everyone for joining our call, we’ll see you next quarter.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Haden - IR Alberto Weisser - Chairman and CEO Jacqualyn Fouse - CFO
Analysts: Christine Mccracken - Cleveland Research David Driscoll - Citigroup Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets Diane Geissler - Merrill Lynch Robert Moskow - Credit Suisse Christina Mcglone - Deutsche Bank Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research
Operator: Please stand by, we are about to begin. Good day everyone and welcome to Bunge’s Limited Third Quarter Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time for opening remarks and introductions, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Haden. Please go ahead, sir.
Mark Haden - Investor Relations: Right. Thank you Bill and thank you everyone for joining us this morning. Welcome to Bunge’s Ltd. Third Quarter 2007 Earnings Conference call. Before we get started I wanted to inform those of you who may not have seen it in the press release this morning that we have prepared a slide presentation to accompany the discussion of the third quarter financial results. They can be found in the investor information section of our web site, www.bunge.com under Investor presentation. With me today to discuss our results are Alberto Weisser, Bunge’s Chairman and CEO and Jackie Fouse, Bunge’s Chief Financial Officer. Reconciliations of Non-GAAP measures to talk orally on this conference call to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure are posted on our website in the Investor Information section. Before we proceed I would like to read the Safe Harbor statement. This call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements about future financial and operating results. These statements are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements. The pertinent risk factors can be found in our SEC filed reports. And now, let me turn the call over to Alberto.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning everyone. Bunge’s third quarter results were exceptional. Agri-business operations improved across the board and fertilizer continued to perform strongly. In the third quarter our oil seed processing, grain origination and distribution businesses performed well across a variety of regions and commodities. This performance was a result of the broad geographic footprint and product portfolio that we have built in recent years as well as good risk management decisions in a dynamic market. Take our grain and distribution market for example which were particular stand outs this quarter. Production shortfalls in some key consumption markets such as Europe provided opportunities for greater volume of exports for a variety of grains from our operations in North and South America and Eastern Europe. We also benefited from integration. Opportunities to create value can appear at different points on the chain depending upon market conditions. Recently we have seen a temporary shift from food products to agri-business. Having an integrated business that stretches from farm to retail shelf enables Bunge to capture value wherever it appears. We will continue to enhance the integration of our operations while expanding into new areas and products such as sugar. Earlier this month we closed on the acquisition of our first sugar cane mill and ethanol production facility in Brazil. This acquisition represents an important step in our strategy to become a global and fully integrated player in the sugar value chain. It extends Bunge’s activities beyond sugar trading and marketing and complements our existing agri-business and logistics activities in the region. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Jackie who will take you through the third quarter results and outlook.
Jacqualyn Fouse – Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Alberto. Good morning everyone. Thank you being on the call this morning. I would just remind you as Mark mentioned that there are some slides on the web cast so you can follow along with the comments that I’ll make to the numbers. Looking at the consolidated results and highlights of the income statement for the third quarter, we can see that in total we have volume increases of 16%, so over 37 million tons in the quarter and all segments had double digit volume growth in the quarter with the exception of fertilizer, a result for that segment which was anticipated and we will talk about the segment’s specific results in just a moment. Operating profit grew over 200% in the quarter and drove net income and EPS growth. Growth in net income and EPS in a relative sense, in a percentage sense were a bit slower than operating profit growth due to the higher effective tax rate moving up to 26% in the quarter. These outstanding results were produced even as we had somewhat higher SG&A costs. Those were impacted by high variable costs due to higher volumes, a little bit of currency and some spending to continue to build our food business globally and a few other miscellaneous expenses. Turning to the segment specific results. When we look at agri-business, all regions in agri-business showed improvement as is the business lines volume growth for the quarter was at 19%. I would highlight the Europe and South American grain origination and oil seed processing where margins were higher with strong North American grain exports. Ocean freight performed well in the quarter versus the tough quarter last year. Distribution volume and margins, all improved as well and as Alberto mentioned our risk management strategies worked well and we didn’t strike an inability to manage our facility and shifts in global trade flows as well as leverage our global footprint in our integrated model. Everything aligned very nicely in agri-business during the quarter. In the fertilizer business, total volume was down 1%, the retail business was up, the nutrients were down. We experienced a little bit of a market share loss in this quarter due to our focusing on farmer credit and on higher margin sale business. Margins in fertilizer continued to benefit from higher international prices and ocean freight rate. With respect to food products and animal oil the results have been affected by higher SG&A is due to continuing to invest in this business to build it out especially in Europe and Asia. We also continued to see high inventories in the U.S. and high raw material prices in Europe so it remains difficult environment for oil but we do have an improving outlook for that business and we will talk about that a bit later when we cover the outlook In corn milling the results benefited from higher volume and in food products mix. There are a few highlights from the balance sheet. Our operating working capital for September 30th 2007 compared with September 30th 2006 grew by 35% driven by inventory growth of 64%, with the readily marketable component of that growing by 73% and as you are very familiar with that fall due to higher commodity prices as well as our volume level. And just to give you some reference points, when we look at September 30th ‘07 versus September 30th ’06, the CBOT [ph] crop prices, seedlings were up 81%, foreign 42% and leaf 112%, so the inventory increase has to be put into that context. At the same time that we see this growth we also saw our working capital efficiency improve in the quarter and we measure ourselves by the cash cycle calculations that we do on the 12 months earnings basis and we have seen a several day improvements in the cash cycle which gives us confidence with what we are doing with respect to working capital efficiency. Total debt grew by 27% lower than in the working capital growth. Again I would just, same period and shareholders equity is up by 42%. Thus you can see that we continue to strengthen the balance sheet. With respect to cash flows, funds from operations and those before working capital changes were very solid for the quarter, just under $500 million driven by the strong profit. We saw improvements in working capital and some results from our working capital efficiency in a relative sense. As I mentioned our cash cycle has improved and we are seeing a slowing in the rate of increase of working capital, working capital still will go up in the quarter and for the nine months ended it is still a big usage of cash number but we have been encouraged by the recent trends that we have seen. Our cash flow from operations, after working capital turns us for the quarter were positive, we are very happy with that. It remains negative for the nine months given because the working capital increase is… and we remind everyone that we do have seasonal volatility in our quarter numbers and the businesses, best looked at on a full year basis. Turning now to the outlook, we expect a solid finish to 2007. The market fundamentals are good. They look good on both the supply and demand side based on what we are seeing right now here at harvest they are looking good. We anticipate higher crop plantings in South America and the most recent USPA global forecast for growth in soybean meal, investiture oil and the cake respectively 6% and 4% for the 2007, 2008 cycle life which are slightly ahead of the ’06, ’07 cycle. We continue to see a good farm economics and those should support continued good demand for fertilizer. With respect to our specific financial guidance for 2007 full year, we have increased that guidance by $60 million for net income to a range of $690 million to $710 million or $5.31 to $5.46 per share incorporating a weighted average number of shares outstanding up about 130 million. It also includes an effective tax rate estimate of 24% to 28% which is up from the last ranks that we gave you of 18% to 22% as we are earning income… more income and higher tax jurisdictions and moving into a range which would be closer to our sustainable long term range for taxes. So, to summarize from our side that the agri-business basically fired on all cylinders improved the stellar results in the third quarter. With our diversified geographic and product portfolio we might normally expect to not only have all the stars aligned on the perfectly as they did this quarter but usually we would have some twists and tights in that, diversified portfolio, really an exception for the agri-business. Fertilizer dust off for the year, it had an exceptional year in terms of overall segment dynamics, it’s performing above its trend line which benefited from above average volume growth, favorable input prices, higher margins, higher freight rates. And Foods we have somewhat underperformed versus where we would like to be but the outlook in that business is improving. We are also seeing the Real strengthen and we move into… through the rest of the year and into 2008 as we mentioned very good sector, fundamentals and relatively optimistic outlook and we would probably anticipate market dynamics along with trend line type expectations. And with that I think we will open it up to questions and answers. Question and Answer
Operator: Thank you Miss Fouse. [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from Christine Mccracken, Cleveland Research.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Christine.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Congratulations on a fantastic quarter. Just wanted to touch a little bit, get more detail around Europe because it does seem like that area obviously has been affected quite heavily by drought this year and yet you noted that it looked a very strong area for you because you were able to export from South America. Can you, explain a little bit more in detail how that dynamic works so that we can understand how that might benefit you?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Let me say it in a little bit different way. When you look at it from the grain point of view, normally we emphasize much more on the oil seed but in the recent months we have, the last two years we have expanded our grain business significantly so the tight supply situation in Europe with the poor production… poor crop of wheat has really given us an opportunity to operate quite well from exports from Russia but also to export germ oil free corn from South America and we also had a very good origination business from North America into different parts of the world. So this dislocation that we have seen due to the hot weather in South East Europe and also in Western Europe created this opportunity for us to take advantage and use all our network, the logistics and our grain origination business and cover the customer needs around the world but especially in Europe and Northern Africa and the Middle East. So this was the positive component on it. Now, on the oilseeds side I would say also we were able because of our good footprint and our global reach, we were able to sail through relatively well, the shortage of the sun seed crop, so by being able to cover it but either with soy oil or with rape seed oil so I think this was a typical example. We are having the extensive network we have, the good origination need solid processing and the good distribution end, a good risk management because what happened this year and especially this quarter we had very tricky situation in terms of the commodity prices going up and down, so this altogether worked very well for us.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Right. So, in terms of freight because you didn’t really highlight that in your comments, I am wondering, does that play in and is that more of a short term benefit if you locked in low freight cost early…
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You mean, I couldn’t hear you is it freight what you mentioned.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Yes, freight.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Freight contributed this year well as it should be normally, you remember that the comparison to last year is very favorable in freight because we had trouble last year as the old contracts from the increase in ’04,’05 expired and so from the freight point of view the delta is above normal but this year we performed quite well.
Christine Mccracken – Cleveland Research: Alright, alright. Get back in the queue.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Operator: And we will go next to David Driscoll, Citi Investment Research.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Great, Good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, David.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Alberto, congratulations, it’s really a… truly a fantastic result, testament to you and your team and your efforts. I certainly remember a year ago how difficult the second quarter conference call was and this is a 180 degree turnaround, big home run for you guys but I think that from where I said now I almost have the opposite questions but before I start like… I was very optimistic about things to come. When I look today at these results, they are truly exceptional as you described in your prepared remarks but the question is, does exceptional mean that they will be difficult to repeat. So what I would really like you to make some comments on is… in the past you had a very clear thought process on how earnings over time should trend, in that it was very helpful to people to understand that when things were bad that they would get good again, I think you often quoted there is, there’s 15 factors and if 11 of them go right then things are right. I feel like in this quarter all 15 went right. Perhaps you could just talk to us about the long term guidance. Is 2003, still the base year from which we should grow from?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably I think you are right is in agri-business and in fertilizer, 15 from 15 went well, in edible oils probably only 7 from… in food products only 7 or 6 from the 15. But overall obviously the impact is very positive. I think we… when we look at the normalized earnings, or trend line however we want to call it we always mention it, ’03 was a very good base year but I think we have to realize also that we have evolved, we have grown in many areas, the grain business has increased significantly. We have added new businesses like energy, like sugar and so on,. This year I feel the way it is evolving is so we have to re look at what the base is and anyway five years is a long time. This year, I feel the way it is evolving is probably a little bit above trend line but it’s a little early to say, the year is not over and we have to remember that this quarter, I think things went very well. We probably recuperated most if not all of our unrealized losses from the first quarter and we feel that we also have some business in the third quarter that moved from the fourth quarter to the third and so we feel it is a little bit above trend line for two reasons. We know already now that as we look into the fourth quarter and next year, we are going to have a head wind of the stronger Real as Jackie said. The Real at 180 is significantly higher than it was during the year. That’s number one, we should not forget that. Number two is on the fertilizer situation is we have been renewing our contracts for the raw materials and these prices of the raw materials have gone up, so during ’07 we had a… we had a higher margin than we expect to have next year. So these are two concrete cases where we know that it will be more difficult, so it is a little bit early to say. We obviously have to wait for the end of the year and when we have our call at the beginning of the year, I think it is early February, we will give you a better flavor of ’08. But this we know already is a head wind and which we benefited in ’07. In terms of agri-business it’s too early to say what has been significantly different and what we don’t expect to be next year but to cut through the chase we think this year it is a little bit above trend line.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Alberto, thank you. I understand that you don’t have your numbers fully laid out for 2008 yet but if we could just do a rough approximation here, given what we have seen this year, can you at least tell us that you believe that next year’s earnings will actually be above that of 2007’s expected result?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It’s too early days. It’s too early, we… how it is… the fourth quarter is still a very important quarter and we do need to get through it, it’s a tricky, tricky time, we have seen the first quarter, we have seen the third quarter. We are comfortable with the whole market the way it is but it’s tricky. We need to finish first and then we will talk about it but we feel that this year is above trend line, probably we should be back at trend line next year but we feel that the overall environment is as good… as what we see for next year, it is similar good to what we are seeing this year so the general fundamentals, supply, demand, prices should be more or less with the exception of fertilizer and with the exception of stronger Real and a stronger Europe we see the market fundamentals positively.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Thank you. Just ask one final question. I believe on the first quarter you had something like a $85 million hit from those mark-to-market inventory losses. You recovered something about $30 million in the second quarter and you just made a comment there that you recovered more than that. Can you just simply quantify for us how much of a benefit risk management activities were to third quarter numbers?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Look, we believe… we don’t follow contract by contract. That is not the way we look at it from a P&L point of view, that would be too cumbersome but our feeling is that we probably recuperated all of it. Now risk management for us is a very important component, as we move these millions of tons, when you think about our huge amount of… we have nearly 500 facilities worldwide. All these fixed costs, we have to move the products through the system. Now we have dislocations, first of all we have to buy the raw materials at the time when in often not sold yet. Also we sell flour to customers where we need not buy the raw materials, so we also have a timing dislocation. Then you have all these has to manage, we have a huge energy bill that has to be managed, the freight bill that has to be managed, the foreign exchange, the interest, so I think a very critical component of our business is risk management. Now when you think about it in terms of this quarter, probably is a little bit more than usual, the volume was higher, you saw 16% higher and also the commodity prices have been higher so the component of risk management in this quarter might have been a little bit higher than normal.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Alberto, the only comment I will make on this is that in the periods where it was difficult, it seems as if the company was able to quantify it and given that… how the third quarter was, it would be incredibly helpful if you could quantify the upside here just so that we have a capability of trying to make a forecast. Certainly that’s what we all are going to be putting to today for ’08. How did the parent passed it on? Thank you very much. Congratulations on the quarter.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Dave, to that question. We thought about it but we had this question before but we feel that we have for example the question was about unrealized losses or gains on mark-to-market. To say in a simple way I think I said it before. Every end of the quarter, because of the way the accounting works we have to mark-to-market our positions. So, in a normal environment like every quarter, we should have always gains because what we are looking at when we get into transactions, either buying raw materials or selling forward, we are looking at gains, so therefore every quarter we basically have gains. Had we had significantly above normal mark-to-market gains this quarter like we had in the first quarter, we would have disclosed them, but we think that based on the volume and based on the prices, they are a little bit higher than normal but we think this is a… as part of the business so that’s why we don’t think we need to release them.
David Driscoll - Citigroup: Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Kenneth Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. Good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Kandy.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Jackie, just a quick question. At what part of the interview process did you get an understanding of Bunge’s earnings power that this could possibly happen? And was there a point in the interview process that you actually came to this idea that maybe there was a lot more earnings power here then maybe, the rest of the world thought?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Ken, I think Jackie brought a lot of good luck as well in addition to the capabilities.
Jacqualyn Fouse – Chief Financial Officer: I don’t think I can say that there was some moment where the light bulb suddenly went on but as I got to know more about the company and saw the various aspects of the model and spent some time trying to understand what we mean by an integrated but decentralized model, then I thought about that and realized that there is a lot of potential here to be unlocked and so that’s one of the reasons why I decided to join the company, so it’s as you understand the intricacies of the model and see the potential of the times that you realize there is a benefit there. Takes a bit of time.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And what are you thinking in terms of CapEx spending going forward. You are getting into the model and stuff like that of seeing what’s behind the scenes at Bunge, is there enough growth outlook for Bunge to be able to increase the capital spending and how do you see that going forward?
Jacqualyn Fouse – Chief Financial Officer: Well I will give you guidance I think on capital early next year in terms of some actual numbers like we did last year but the entire base is getting bigger and so we have some increases in the CapEx spending levels just because the base is getting bigger. But we are always willing to look for appropriate growth type CapEx projects that will enhance the capabilities that we have in this integrated model and if we build out the global footprint so, I think as we continue to work on efficiency in all other areas of the company that will allow us to generate the cash flow levels that we need to fund the investments that we want to do.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: It… but given the growth outlook could it be reasonable… I know, couple of years ago Bunge kind of put back it’s spending on the Fertilizer just because the environment was so bad. Would that be able to be ramped up maybe ahead of schedule now, you kind of… Bunge ramped it up then ramped it down, now we are kind of in a zone where it seems like fertilizer seems to be… there is a lot of growth. Can we start to see that there might be more capital put towards the fertilizer, even more than maybe originally anticipated?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We look at it. At the time when we looked at, for example, the mine expansions in the case of Fertilizantes, we have gone ahead with the mines that we own 100%, Arashaw [ph] and so one of them is expanded and the second one is in the middle of the expansion and we will see the benefit by the end of next year. I think the big question was the expansion of… the significant expansion of the Fusterro [ph] mine so we have put that on the back burner in the past because the economics didn’t work. At that time, with the international fertilizer prices, the commodity price and the Real, it just didn’t work. Now, it looks like it works and we probably want to make the decision by the end of the year if we start investing and opening up that mine. But that would be part of our CapEx program and included… I think we liked the discipline we have in our company in terms of limiting our CapEx, I think I have mentioned it in the past that we have significantly more projects than we have CapEx capabilities but I think it is not bad to have a limitation to stay investment grade because anyway, this also gives us the opportunity to choose the most profitable projects. So, we look at it all the time, so you have to think also in terms, when we look at the cash flow generation and the profit in the year even if it’s a little bit above normal, it is not so significantly different than we would accelerate massively our CapEx program.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: And in terms of your guidance, just to be clear, you are obviously on the net income side, went up by $60 million but if you look at the extraordinary charges and the tax rate, it sounds like you actually increased down the line, operating profit by nearly $100 million. Is that the way to think about it?
Alberto Weisser – Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: That’s correct.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Okay and then my last question is… this year you restrained… you provided credit in a restrained manner to the farmers. If this environment continues the way we are looking right now would there be reason for us to expect that you would not loosen up your credit standards. I don’t want to say that but to the point of that you would actually… let the farmers expand the land, a little more aggressively than this year rather than being so conservative?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: We are looking at it all the time so I think we are happy with our strategy to be a little bit more careful. We have to remember, that you saw we even had this quarter another increase in our bad debt provision. So, they are still most people don’t realize that many farmers are still heavily indebted and they benefited already this year, so they reduced some of their debt this year. So, they had to invest again in buying inputs this year. The crop is only going to be harvested as of March of next year. So, that will be the next round. You might remember that we said might take 1-2 or even 3 years for them to be completely capitalized. So, we are very happy with the fact that we were a little bit stingier and we don’t regret it and we will continue to be like this. As the farmers and the commodity prices stay good and they capitalize when they sell it next year we should see… that’s why we expect a nice good expansion of fertilizer next year but probably it’s more like trend line. If we are seeing this year an increase of 15% to 17% of the market we might see it going back probably more to the trend line of 6% to 7% next year.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: You also started this year at 8% as well right?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: You remember we started at 4% but the market was talking about complete different numbers as we said let’s be realistic. So, we were a little bit conservative and the market was a little bit too aggressive. So, we met in the middle.
Kenneth Zaslow – BMO Capital Markets: Right thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Diane Geissler with Merrill Lynch.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Diane.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Congratulations on your quarter.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Okay, I just want to ask a volume question. You alluded to it in your comments and that here I’m really talking both on agribusiness and in fertilizer. Can you just talk a little bit about what you’re seeing on pull forward from the fourth quarter into the third quarter from the agribusiness side? And then the fourth quarter on fertilizer will really depend to a larger extent on weather etc. and sort of… second crop, double crop there. But if you just comment a little bit on what you saw, what you think is come into the third quarter from the fourth quarter?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: On fertilizer, in the market in order to get to the 15% to 17% growth we see that the market growth will be something like 1 million tons less than last year. And this is for two reasons; one is last year it really exploded. It was above normal because the commodity prices went up in October, so, that’s why the farmers rushed to expand. So, it was a little bit above normal last year. Now this yea we have seen there was no anticipation in the earlier part of the year so we expect this probably as a much more normal level or perhaps a little bit lower level than what would have been normally. I think probably on agribusiness, I don’t have an extremely good rate but we probably should stay in line with the yearly growth. Mark well check if you have a different.
Mark Haden - Investor Relations: No, I would agree with that. I think, one of the things that I think we now when we talk about things pooling into the third quarter is probably a little bit in terms of the spread of the profits just because again, we know that margins in the fertilizer business probably peaked in Q2, Q3 on a go forward basis that they’ll contract a little bit and then as Alberto mentioned on the volumes so. And there was a fair amount of volatility in Q3 as well which may have benefited the Agribusiness results a little bit more. So, if that kind of level of volatility is not there in Q4, you might expect a relatively less profit.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Well I guess I just wondered because when I look at the volume numbers in agribusiness in the third quarter and then with the commentary about how the drought in Europe affected, you had more origination out of both South America and North America going to Europe. And some of the trade sources that we used in terms of some of the users of the product in Europe just trying to assure supply. And you were seeing big export numbers particularly on wheat, et cetera. It just makes me wonder; okay did we have something in the third quarter where there was just sort of a rush to secure supply and then maybe that trickles down in the fourth quarter.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Yes what I would also add is that we clearly gained market share in grains. In oilseed we continued out path, our normal pattern but in grains as we ramped up organization, if you remember we started building it in ’05 and ’06. And so we clearly gained market share on grain. So, this is not the reflection of how the market has gone. It’s more that we have gained market share. So, I would suspect fertilizer probably flat or down and agribusiness will continue some growth but less than this quarter.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: That’s perfect. And then I guess just looking forward I know we’ve had a lot of discussions on your strategy to limit credit on the fertilizer side, not have so much expansion so that you see you kind of a big bumper crop and then prices crater. But from your comments you indicated you did give up some market share. How are you feeling about the discipline in the industry just so we don’t get into position where there is just so much of the product next spring now? We see prices pull back and then obviously that would be a negative for the Brazilian farmer with the Real, but also sort of for your business as you move into the back half of 2008.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: We obviously always worry but I think we have seen the discipline and I think we have seen the discipline in the market. Everybody is in a more or less the same position as Bunge is. So, you saw when you look at our legal… the accounts receivable that we have in legal contention with some of the farmers has gone up a little bit. So there are a lot of problems out there. So, everybody is… it was probably, ’05-’06 probably was the worst crisis as far as we can see for the farmers in Brazil. So, everybody is very careful. The expansion of the… the key question is how much is going to be the expansion soybean acreage? Everything we see and we share the view of most independent analysts is around 6%. 6% is a manageable situation. We don’t see an expansion in Argentina of soybean. So, this should all be positive. The question is, are we going to have a winter corn crop in Brazil or not; so, the drought or the lack of rains that we’ve seen so far. I think it’s starting, we’ve seen some rain now. The winter is very short for the winter corn crop in the beginning of next year. So, it’s still open that situation. But I think from the oilseed point of view, from sugarcane, from coffee and for the summer crop of corn everything should be okay. South America, the northern plantings are going well, wheat is going well in the northern hemisphere. So, we at the moment, we don’t see any major trouble spot in the supply and demand of all of the major commodities.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Okay and how has… just sort of moving on to China. How has demand been on meal there, soybeans used for meal there?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: As you remember because of the heart disease, the meal demand was down. And it has started to pick up. I think the heart disease has stabilized but oil is very strong. So what we’re seeing is a normalization of the situation. So the meal demand year over year should be up. Not as high as it used to be in the last couple of years but it should be up this year.
Diane Geissler – Merrill Lynch: Okay, well I appreciate your comments on that. I’m sure you must realize that that’s sometimes hard to get. Good information flow on that type of issue. Okay well thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Diane.
Operator: And our next question comes from Robert Moskow from Credit Suisse.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Thank you. To be more specific about… the quarter here Alberto and Mark, in ’04 you called out a bunch of items that were positives for the calendar year ’04 that you didn’t expect to repeat and you modified your earnings base as a result of that. Doesn’t sound like you’re really calling out any items and that’s maybe some of the benefits in Q3 are offsetting the weaknesses in Q1. Did I read that right?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: I’m not so sure that I understood your question but I think the commentary made regarding ’03… the third quarter and fourth quarter are three points we wanted to make. We believe that there might have been some shift in the agribusiness from the fourth quarter to the third. It is really very difficult as you remember all business you have to look at on a yearly basis. And this year is again a very good example of how you have to do it. The first quarter was irrelevant when you look at it. And the third quarter being higher you have to look at it all together. So, we do believe that some… Diane also said that there might have been some anticipation of business into the third quarter because of the worry of the type of supply, number one. Number two is that we are starting to see a diminishing in the margins and fertilizer. And so this for next year when we think about it we are going to see a lower margin fertilizer and a stronger real, and we will not be able to edge all and the farmers are going to be under pressure there. Having said that these are the differences between Q3, Q4 and next year but overall we continue seeing that the overall environment is very solid. Was that your question?
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Yeah. I called it 2004 but really it was 2003. When you’re talking about your negotiations for the raw materials for fertilizer, can you be more specific? Are you talking about, urea, nitrogen and when do those negotiations begin? And then secondly, how long are you locked in on your ocean freight contract? Do you have to re-enter any kind of negotiations there or are you locked in for a long period of time?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: In terms of the raw material contracts for fertilizer, this depends… you have to add also sulfur there as a very important component and there are many others. And they are all different types of length and different moments when they have. Most of them we had already to re-negotiate. So, some of them you don’t have long term contracts some times they are three months sometimes are maximum six months. So, this is not very long. And in terms of our ocean freight situation, it is because of the very high ocean freight rates. Obviously, how much you can lock in… is the time frames are shorter than normal. So, at the moment we are seeing shorter time frames.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Alright and then one last question, regarding cash flow from operations, you said let’s take a look at the whole year. How much of a swing should we expect in fourth quarter. When is all this cash start coming back?
Mark Haden - Investor Relations: Well… and the reason why I remind us of that is because as Alberto and all of us I think have mentioned more than once. We do have to look at the business on full year basis and not every quarter although we are very happy with the third quarter but just wanted to make sure that that’s not [inaudible] exactly that way. It’s going to be largely dependent on what happens with what happens with commodity prices and really it’s all this type of movement to some extent in 2003 and 2004 but it went up and started to come down rather rapidly and the overall dynamics were somewhat different. The bio-fuel situation was a bit different. So, you know we’ve moved up and now we’re seeing the prices stay higher for a bit longer. So, that is one of the key things that are going to drive this. What is good is we do see at least so far the profitability moving the direction we wanted to see it move in.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: And the other question, the other issue is when you look at it in terms of the price as 70% if you take it as something like that. So, our whole readily available market inventories went up by probably $1.7 billion. That is directly an increase of debt. So the question is how long are the prices going to stay at this high level? We have seen already corn coming a little bit down, so wheat is coming down the last couple of days. As these commodity prices come back to a more normal level even if they stay higher than trend lines all of this obviously immediately goes through our cash flow as a positive and it comes back, like it happened in ’03-’04.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Then if it comes down too much what happens if… let’s say we’re down to $6 a bushel again for soy and maybe the ethanol capacity expansion boom fizzles out and then that’s what drives it. How should we look at that? The positive is a lot of the cash comes back to you but I guess the negative is it again hurts the financial viability of a lot of the farmers in Brazil.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: We do not expect a significant… it’s very, very difficult to talk about commodity price in the future but because of the supply demand situation we do not expect a major change to this level you are talking about in the near future. Now you remember that because of the strong Real the impact to the farmer is direct. So, if it is for what reason or ever there is not going to be enough. The exchange rate is too strong like at the moment at 180. The market knows especially on the soybeans but also more and more on the corn, there is a certain level and the market realizes exactly how much it is in terms of what the farmers need. So, we have seen it in the last year as the Real was getting stronger the soybeans were going up on the CBOT and more or less in the same pattern. So there is a pretty much direct correlation between that. So, we’re not worried too much about it. Everybody is watching the Real to see what the soybean price has to be. We are not worried about that at the moment.
Robert Moskow – Credit Suisse: Very good well thank you very much and congratulations.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Christina Mcglone from Deutsche Bank.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Christine.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank: Congratulations. Albert, I think there’s a sense here, on where do we go from here with these results. And I think just wanting to point out that if you haven’t increase your grain capabilities, you hadn’t increased your mining capabilities, if you didn’t build out in Eastern Europe you wouldn’t have been able to capitalize in the current situation the way you did. So I think there is definitely a benefit from the environment, absolutely but I also think that there is a benefit from your strategy. And I’m curious, how do you… like what things are you doing now to get us to the next stage of growth even if conditions environmentally are less favorable?
Alberto Weisser – Chief Executive Officer: On the big picture I think we will continue. We have a very strong; continue on the path exactly we have lined out. We see significant opportunities on expanding our integrated chain both on grain and oil seeds. On grain we still have a lot of capabilities where we can expand on oil seed as well. You also seen on the integrated chain we continue investing in Eastern Europe to made our food products capabilities stronger. In Poland we have seen investment, now we expanding also some food products in Asia so along the chain we have potential. We are going to bring on stream our Russian oil seed facility, soon also our Ukrainian one so all this is part of it. We have brought on stream also our revitalized or the new crushing facility in Spain and Cartagena and we are revamping our Romanian, Hungarian also Bulgarian facilities so we continue working on this… on this to strengthen and grow our business with now also our energy theme that we have hired this years making significant positive contribution to manage our risk in this area. Now a new area that we added to the portfolio is the sugar business. We started trading last year, this year we have our first mill. I am sure sooner or later you will hear about us as we get more comfortable and we have the team in place that we will start doing a green field here and there so there are… we see enough opportunities there that we will continue making the whole integrated chain stronger and bigger
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you. I guess in terms of oil seeds it’s more in the details. Utilization has been good in North America and improved in South America and there were reports that you were going add a facility in Rondonópolis and then in North America Dreyfuss has added a facility and then ADM, Bunge, and Cargill are adding capacity next year. Do you think that we are pushing ourselves to an access surprise situation or is that supply warranted?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I think it is. In the United States Council Bluffs is probably one of the best. It is Bunge’s best plan but it is probably one of the best in the whole of North America and the market has shifted more to the west and there is a clear demand for additional meal and oil in the Council Bluff area. And not only from the western part of the U.S. but also into Mexico so there is clear demand for that but we also have remember that U.S. continues growing at around 1%, so the meal demand so it continues growing from time to time you need a little bit of expansion and we have to look from time to time also as we have done in the past that we might have to shut down one or the other plant that is not so much well located so the Council Bluff expansion is a no brainer. I don’t think it will impact at all margins in North America. The same is valid for too expansion in Canada, Nipawin and Hamilton so we see this is a completely following the market trends. Now in the case of Brazil I think that on the Rondonopolis we had expanded it in the past because of the market and we also have expanded the refinery which in reality was a shifting and closing in one area and moving it to there. I think that was probably a wrong or an old news, what we are doing is, we are working on a new plant this is old news in [inaudible] so it is North of Rondonopolis together with a biodiesel plant which is going to be built by one of our partners a local farmer so this is in the final planning phase and its not exactly new news but it is also following the market because the meat production has gone North. The meat production in Brazil has been expanding not only domestically but also for exports so we are following our customers. This is probably nothing going to be exported, most of this business if not immediately but in the near future will all be sold domestically.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank: Okay and last question. I think with commodity prices so high do you think there is a check in thinking in industry participants that they really… when you look at the floating price margin you should be charging more for the cost of the deal in terms of capital, rather than just being in step but actually put in sort of a cost of using the capital for the time you are holding on to that bean. I don’t know if that question is clear.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I understood you correctly is we measure all of our businesses on returns of capital we call it RONA so if the working capital goes up because the prices are up we need to earn more money for this so it has to cover or we also look at on the net present value so the financing costs going up or the commodity price going up means we need higher returns and we probably could. I believe also we benefited a little bit that this environment of very high commodity prices that perhaps some of the local players or the weaker players did not participate. It’s one of the explanation why we had an expansion of our market share, but we meet higher returns. So, I think the whole industry is in the same way we have to cove all costs.
Christina Mcglone – Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And we take our next question from Vincent Andrews with Morgan Stanley.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Good morning everyone.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Vincent.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Most of my questions have been answered, but maybe a couple of quick one. Just as we think about next year and acreage expansion in Brazil, in particular soybeans, how do you think about or how should we think about the USDA has come out and side that there will only be 87 million planted acres of corn next year versus 93 this year and that acreage is likely to go back to soybeans. I mean how should we think about that affecting, what goes on in Brazil from a planting prospective, will it make an impact at all?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I believe that the market I reading it correctly that there is… we had these shortfall also from sun flower in Eastern Europe, the palm plantations from Southeast Asia didn’t grow as fast as expected. The rapeseed, these are very heavily in oils. They did not grow as expected. And so, the view that we see also from the view that USDA is saying this is a very normal view everything is in balance the market is more trying to be more imbalanced at the kind of levels we are seeing on pricing we are not seeing at any excessive growth like we saw in sugar we are not seeing any aberration there.
Vincent Andrews - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from Pablo Zuanic from JP Morgan.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Good morning everyone,
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Pablo.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: I guess my question is very specific when I look at you agribusiness division I realize that you and like ADM that splits the oilseed crushing earning from the ex services earnings. You put them together. But it would help if you tell us for example of this 366 million in EBIT how much is really from crushing and how much was from ex services and of the delta on a year-on-year and quarter-over-quarter about $250 million in EBIT, how much was really from oilseed crushing and how much from ex services any, any color there would help.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don’t do it because we don’t look at the business like that the way we look at the business is we have the basic flow first of the oil seed we have the grain origination which means not only corn and wheat but also soybean grain so this is part of the chain then we process it then we distribute it to the destination we see that is one chain in addition to that because we have all this infrastructure we lay over it we lay the grain business, in addition to that we also lay our trade structure finance we have to lay our freight we have to lay our energy. This is so integrated it is very difficult to separate that, that is why the way we have manage it internally is like that so don’t separate it, the way perhaps others do.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay. I understand but then if we look at just oilseed crushing margins from on a global basis for Bunge, how much do they change, do they change by 10 basis points, 50 basis points year-on-tear, just roughly on the crashing side.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: They were better than last year. The crushing margins are good around the world they were good in North America, they were good in Europe obviously there were spots where there were less supply. South America, they good. For us it is not that relevant in China, there were some issues about the crush margins because of the lack of demand on meal. But overall, the crush environment is better than last year.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay. But your EBIT margins year-on-year went from 2.3% to 3.8% would you say that in crashing your margins also went up by 150--?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Probably not by that much. When I looked at it we had a freight side we had tail end of our old contract last year so the freight is contributing more crane is contributing more so probably the contribution from the oil seed is not increased the increase is not as much as others.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Okay. Can I just follow-up, when we think of capacity, I am just trying to consider how to increase capacity on their services side and you touched only before partly but you have been more elevators, you have more pure contacts, you have more buyers, how does that work on, there has to be a limit I suppose, you just cant understand that far better?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: In North America, we have not expanded at all we have the only, the only difference that we have signed long term contracts for example Iowa with the partner of ours, which is agro services so we have complete new origination system without having to do invest. Well we have just working with the partner together, so we have more access to the grain. Now, in Eastern Europe, it was a mixture we bought from silos but last we didn’t buy any so they all were bought in a all ’06 ‘05 in Ukraine and Russia. And but the key one here was building a team so we hired a team, so the investment is more in personal expenses. We also have to put through agreement in the port of Illichech [ph], we build a terminal in Latvia and we bought the terminal in Ostov [ph] Russia, but this all was done in the past this year we didn’t expend at all, so what we are doing now is first filling our infrastructure and using our overhead from what we have. And the growth from now on should be more normal. And in South America, in fact, because of the… in the past some of the farmers were more kept alive, in fact, we reduced somewhat our silos. So, our capital intensity in Brazil in terms of silos was somewhat reduced. We did not expand our grain origination… we think we used all of our soybean origination to do corn. So, it is really a question of what happened to this year, is much more about efficiency. Probably, we will slightly reduce our asset base in grain origination in the world, but expand it a little bit on team, but all the additional volume was more about efficiency.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: That’s very useful, and I appreciate that. And just a follow-up if I may. On the fertilizer size, you made comments on pricing. But the way I think about it if year-on-year dollar fertilizer prices on the global basis are higher than in ’07 that could more than offset the exchange issue, right? I mean on the important component you make a steady spread, but on local component when dollar prices are high that saves margin in that business, of course, even if you have exchange rate issue.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, the key point for us is the margin between international prices of fertilizer and the raw materials. What has happened is that the raw material sold for nitrogen, urea, all of these potash, all of these raw materials that we don’t have they went up… they probably went up now higher than the international prices of fertilizer went. So, there is where our margins contracted. The strong area always all our… all our expenses also went up and somewhat of that we have hedges but it is not perfect. So, we probably cannot hedge all of that. So, there is clearly a contraction on the margins side looking forward.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: For me, just one, last one. Going back to our services, if in very simplistic terms, I think what I said I think it is a trading business. You have to make decisions about capital allocation to that business. Is there a limit to how much you allocate to that business… I suppose how should we think about that? I mean it seems like you hit a wall at some point with all these growth or there is no limit?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We see… when you think about that global demand of soybean meal, vegetable oil, corn is growing at around 3%, 4%, 5%. So, somebody has to deliver to feed the population around the world. So, when you look at our volume growth in the guidance… the long-term guidance, it is… we think it is on the on the agribusiness business is 6% to 8%. So, we believe that what we are doing is, by being positioned in growth areas like in South America and in Eastern Europe, by just keeping our market share in this areas, to continue feeding… helping feeding the world, we will continue to growing. Obviously, there are moments where you have to expand more on assets like we did before and there are moments where you have to work on expansion of the team, and there are moments where you just consolidate. I think we are, at the moment, are little bit in a phase where we are consolidating more on… using our investments in ports, using our investments in silos and the investments in people and just making the whole system work more efficient. But we probably will see and sooner or later, we will start seeing little expansions here and there as well.
Pablo Zuanic - JP Morgan: Thank you. It’s very helpful.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Christine McCracken at Cleveland Research.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Yes, just a quick follow-up. Alberto, you talked about your ongoing commitment to expand into sugar, and yet, we have seen a pretty deep drop off in ethanol prices in Brazil. And from what we understand, it's in part tied to Brazil’s inability to export to the U.S. and that countries build out of ethanol capacity. Does that create opportunities for you? You talked about Greenfield, but at the same time, it seems like some of these that should be under some pressure?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. There is pressure on sugar both from ethanol and from the sugar prices, because of the high production in India. And our view is a long-term view. And we never look too much at the situation of these very high margins that were out there. But to be very honest, we like the environment the way it is. This is a much more natural environment with normal prices, even if they are perhaps a little bit low on sugar. But this makes the whole expansion program in the sugar and ethanol business in Brazil also more rational. We just have to think about… looking at what Brazil will have to export more in terms of sugar. The global sugar market is growing at 3% per annum worldwide. So, others will contribute India, Thailand, but significant amount will have to come from Brazil. So, as we look over the next 10 years, the capacity of sugar production will have to double. So, from the 400 mills we see today, it will have to go another 400 mills, will have to be build. And just to continue the expansion of sugar and the domestic Brazilian ethanol program. So, I would consider the export component of ethanol is more is the icing on the cake than the real drive off this demand situation.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: Have you seen a drop actually in prices for some for these mills in Brazil? Or how does that market looks now?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You mean a drop for what?
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: For the prices of the mills… if the competitive market… has the competition for those mills. Alternative mills, has that price come down or are there--?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The only thing that you are seeing that no more deals are happening. So, I think the expectation of the sellers and the buyers have now gotten to a point where there is no agreement any more. And I think this will probably take some time until this converges. I always like to remind people that we have these major crises in China in 2004, and we were only really able to buy assets at reasonable values the end of ’05, beginning in ’06. It takes some time until the sell of those assets realized that they have to address to a new environment. I think it will take more time until… reduced the price expectations.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And then, just one another quick follow-up on biodiesel. We saw this week a pretty significant player in Europe actually shutdown. And I am wondering, can you give us a little more color on that market or how you see the biodiesel market evolving those things some I guess criticism of the U. S. policy of bringing biodiesel into the U.S. and re-export against Europe. Can you talk about that environment and how that effects your participation?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think that is correct, that the margins are really under pressure not only in Europe, but also here in the U.S. And so, you do not see anymore the expansion that we were seeing before. And even some of then are not operating. So… but at the moment, the margins are above variable cost. So, most of the people… most of the players are operating somewhat some, obviously, there is also issue of access to the rapeseed oil and so on. And the European biodiesel players are obviously complaining about these kind of loophole in the case of U.S. I think the biggest complain is that… not the U.S. biodiesel is being imported, but some biodiesel is being imported into the U.S. added 1% and re-export it. So, this is the biggest distorting factor that is going on in the biodiesel business. But I think what we are seeing at the moment is an accommodation of the industry. We still see… we are expanding… we are building… we are minority investor, but we are building two biodiesel plans in U.S. So, there is a business rational. We have seen also in Brussels the government continues to have this kind of soft mandate so they want to continue the detection system in Europe. So, the business logic for the biodiesel is there. But we are not going to… probably not going to see soon these very high margins that were out there. So, we are comfortable with our strategy of only being a minority investor in different parts of the world. So, we are… with our partner, we are building the facility Bilbao Spain. We are also building with a partner a facility in Argentina. These are all very logical moves. But you saw, at the moment, we have not billed anyone in Brazil, because we did not see how it work… would work. So, the biodiesel… there is an accommodation is going on in the biodiesel sector. So, it will be a little bit under stress as the vegetable oil prices are so high.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: And then you had mentioned I guess in your statements that these freight rates are still rising. Is there an opportunity I guess knowing that more pricing is coming to book some of that freight in advance? Or is it… that is so far out… or the market has already flatness price down?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We look to the… for us the freight is really much more about to manage the risk, because we are responsible… at the end, we invoice this to our customers around the world. And our customers are clearly not happy with the high freight rate. So… and… so, it is… I think the long-term view on freight or the long-term contracts on freight. They are not really that much available out there, because everybody is worried about the high price.
Christine McCracken - Cleveland Research: All right. Thanks.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Ken Zaslow, BMO Capital Markets.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Hey, just a quick follow-up. Who did you gain market share in the grants from the large players or small guys?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Clearly, from the small players… the regional smaller players.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: And the large probably traded company would not have been effective?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don’t think so.
Kenneth Zaslow - BMO Capital Markets: Great. I appreciate it.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from David Driscoll, Citi Investment.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment: Great. Thanks a lot. I make it quick. Alberto, with U.S. corn inventories projected at just approximately 2.0 billion bushels, do you think that… what is your opinion or what’s Bunge's opinion on the outlook for corn pricing? Do you think it should hold in there, in those future markets that at roughly $4 bushel? Or do you potentially see that… it might be lower?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: We don’t have a strong opinion there. We look much more at the volume, the supply demand, because we always hedging ourselves, so we don’t look too much of it. We look at the pricing much more from a farm economics point of view, and I to be honest, I don’t know what our internal view is on that price… on that price level.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment: Maybe just a second question here on the… on the whole U.S. ethanol side. So, obviously, you have been clear about your sugar base ethanol strategy in Brazil. Given a reduction in assets prices for U.S. ethanol, is it something that you considered to look at acquisitions of U.S. corn ethanol?
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Look, we don’t like too much to talk. At the moment, our view is clearly that we will work with all our partners, and we work with… as a very selective in… as a minority investor. But if the facts change, we will have a different look. I didn’t’ do any homework yet, to be honest on my side.
David Driscoll - Citigroup Investment: Very good. Thank you very much.
Alberto Weisser - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And at this, I would like to turn the conference back over to you Mr. Haden for any additional or closing remarks.
Mark Haden - Investor Relations: Well, thank you, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We will see you next quarter.
Operator: And once, again, that does conclude today’s conference call. We do thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time.
